Fill and verify kernel shape.
Build tree structure.
Unpack a Packer dict from a serialized string
Match emr step log path.
Return a random integer between 0 and n.
Return True if x is a sparse variable.
Configure buffer sizes.
Test editing mode for vi input.
Scales a list of time units.
Test the preprocess function.
Use a plugin from within a with block.
Create a directory with the given name.
Return whether or not the system is virtual
Wrap func in decorator if it s not a string.
Test remote topo.
Get user profile
Configure hostnames.
Generate a thumbnail name based on the hash of the prepared options.
Main entry point for the upsert script.
Validate requirements.
Return the first dict entry or None.
Return the filename and module type for the specified module path.
Read a response message from socket.
Filter OAuth params.
Index page.
Remove trailing lines from a list of lines.
Shortcut for comment.
Get the parts of a field name from a model.
Return True if text is valid.
test strf index
Run EOG.
Writes a repr of an instance.
Returns a usage string for the given text.
Create a pubsub subscription for a topic.
Invert a clause.
Get a virtual interface.
Get version information for a module.
Return the size of the header of a table.
Adjusts the number of lines in the code to new indents.
Parse an iterable of lines into an alignment.
Add line numbers.
Get Ethernet link information.
Resolve color from current context.
Create msvs project objects
Returns the index page for the current module
Clear all caches.
Shortcut route for GET request with headers
Query the database for the hash of the current environment variables.
Install one hue application.
Load base64 encoded PEM.
Create a temporary directory.
Register instrumentation manager for the given class.
Make a list unique.
Get staff authors.
Convert a filetime object to a unix timestamp.
Find a command in a list of paths.
Convert a compound type into an equivalent compound type.
Check if package control is installed.
Extract date and notes from a string.
Get all snapshots for a project.
Perform a push operation on an object.
Set a value in memcache.
Configure the platform.
Export a library to XML.
Get a versioneer configuration object.
Run a script and see if the missing argument is present.
Equivalent to vstack.
Send a file to the server.
Return the mysql error code from the context
Close the connection to the serial port.
Returns the index of the point with the least number of points from the path.
Returns True if the feasibility of the two nodes is satisfiable.
Encrypt a base64 encoded certificate.
Set the environment to use.
Return volume glance metadata.
Return roots of a cyclotomic function.
Test loading of intersphinx mappings.
Generate permutations of an iterable.
Uncompact the given creation sequence.
Return a flat string representation of the event.
Implement block tag.
get http stack trace data
Get the offset of the current time in a timezone.
Prints an error message to stderr.
Sort and count.
Reset the database to its initial state.
Clean HTML string.
Execute a task and return the result.
Set the path to the home directory.
Return True if s is a valid Python expression.
True if the system is healthy False otherwise.
List the full information for all nodes.
Get the name of a particular package.
Return the value as a string.
Orm factory.
Return the quorum of the cluster.
Convert a JSON string to a datetime. datetime.
Draws an image and adds a patch.
Check if the given command exists in the given path.
get category by id
Rejoin users who haven t joined Facebook yet.
Get a feedback message.
Dump configuration to a file - like object.
Update an account.
Check to see if the source and destination collections schemas match.
Return whether or not the system is virtual
Estimate the covariance matrix for a Gaussian distribution tied to a response.
Get the precision of the element.
Show the differences between current and tracked branches.
Check if user has role.
Get the source code for an object.
Return whether or not the minion is virtual
Test epochs. iter evoked.
Populate the po file.
Authenticate using the given flow.
Return True if s is an absolute string.
Get tab registry.
Runs the test suite and asserts its output.
Write the journal entries to disk.
Test the reordering of the ents.
Find nearest k words for query.
Crawl links and domains.
Splits a domain into multiple sub - domains with the given label.
Return a list of all disabled services.
Get an importer for the given path name.
Return whether the system is virtual.
film rebulk configuration
Rastrigin s skew - estimator for an individual.
Get a new tower repository.
Enforce a given action for the current user and project.
Check if the CRC of the data is correct.
Build a simple tree.
Convert an EC2 instance id to an EC2 instance id.
Edit a service.
Coalesce a set of options into a set of options of the specified types.
Command line interface.
Test that all steps in the scenario table are solved against outlines.
Convert a namespace to a compiled regex.
Retrieve credentials from the user s home directory.
Create a new figure manager.
Wrapper for numpy. array. check_shape
Add parameters to incoming dictionary.
Read a table and compare it to the expected table.
Returns the first n items from the iterable.
Replace an existing register with a new one
Read a sequence of bytes from a file - like object.
Set doc. homepage to str if page is products.
Start a process and wait for it to finish.
Emits a line of unformatted text.
Build the request body.
Classify a set of points by k nearest neighbors.
Setup conductor model.
Create a hashed password.
Resolve a route to a context.
Takes a sequence of images and writes the delta to the file.
Writes hyperlinks for all cells in worksheet.
Get casava version from fastq1.
Get the imports for a module.
Convert hex color to XYZ.
Enforces domain to be at least num characters long.
Factory for operator functions.
Load experiment description script from directory.
Return the number of words in a string.
Retry an instance update.
Compare two epochs of infos
Set the registry value for the given URL.
Get text from all files in a directory.
Parse a range header.
Decorator for performing scrub operations.
Build all library recipes
Bing image command.
Tag a song or a song.
Returns the first string in a dictionary that starts with the string.
Try to find a document in the default language.
Remove a file or directory that is readonly.
Get layer variables by name.
Repeats the elements of x n times.
Convert a datetime object to milliseconds.
Return a mock request object.
Read count number of packed bits from file obj.
Identify table.
Given a list of manual pois filter them and add them to markers.
Check if the module has been initialized.
Test whether two moons are equivalent.
Clip str in path if possible.
Expectation test for strings and booleans.
Detach a list of devices from a vm
Checks that pricing module is active.
Perform basic auth
Generate a version 1 UUID.
Corpus iterator.
Create a fred user.
Return arbitrary address for the given family.
Get the disk usage of a given disk.
test zipfile extraction without verbose mode
Delete all flows in all openflow connections
Get geometry output by positives and negatives.
Make test filename.
Colorize a string.
Render a template directly to a response.
Convert a rotation string to an integer.
Finish a task.
Return the extension of a filename.
Interpolate artifact data.
Prompt the user for input.
Test learning shift propagated at allocated mlp.
Write chain text with noun to file.
Encode data as JSON.
Create a Python environment.
return a list of the craft sequence
Get raising file and line from traceback.
Determines if the system is running on a little endian device.
Set httplib. maxline to num lines.
List of documents.
Get notification modules.
List all resourcepools.
Connect to the poetry server and return a deferred that will fire once the connection is made.
Fake loads json error.
double redirect view.
Returns a list of all keywords in the lexer.
Generate a unique message id.
View with secure middleware.
Queue community email.
Check if the user is blocked for the given registration codes.
Find element by css selector.
Update a certificate.
Create an element with the specified tag and attributes.
Process cylinders from XML data.
Check to see if the named minion does not exist in the given region or if it exists in
Runs pip and checks that the output of the pip command is JSON.
Submit a unit plural.
Evaluate the source code and return a terminal value.
Compute the convex hull of the convex hull of the convex
Try to parse the XML and return the error string.
Compute the list of allowed HTTP methods for this resource.
Poll for events on a file descriptor.
Test the implementation of tensor. elemwise3.
Load plugins from directories and packages.
Return first day of week.
Return a list of rgb tuples representing the brewed colors.
Delete a document.
Convert a value to an integer.
Register checker.
Return translation at given position.
Yield tuples of hex values and ascii values.
Create a new chain
Update cache metadata.
Stop session.
Add bloomsky sensors to the platform.
Check a password against a hashed password.
Create a dot graph from a given graph object.
Return the argument of the DVI.
Class decorator for registering a mapping type.
Shortcut for desktop test functionality.
Compute the shape of the dot product of two shapes.
Display possible completions for the given event.
Returns True if the given key is a ccx key.
JSON view error function.
Redirect stdio to the context.
Reads the content of the requested URL.
Simulate k.
Return available community plugins.
Get the filename of the current running process.
Run subunit test.
Add pagination querystring tag.
Get the full path to the auto. confd directory.
Generate a Garch model.
Attempt to extract helpful information from a requirement file.
Run the feature and assert its output.
Recursively remove arrays from a string.
Get the size of a file.
Find the option with the given argument.
Write example config to file.
Makes a Poisson distribution with the given lam and high.
Test the usage of surf2bem.
Get the measure of the argument.
Check gle response.
Range 4.
Return the OCC string for the given ID.
Get a list of topics for a course.
Create a decorator function.
Deletes a set of keys from a quality of service specification.
Get activities for a user.
Get standard reply
Filter ava on the wire representation acs.
Run all demo functions for the given number.
Upgrade the database to the latest version
Unary trace operator.
Run a command as a subprocess.
Save a draft message via remote mail.
Return netstat information for the minion
HowItWorks view.
Run sudoer for the specified user.
Create a tar archive of compiled files in a directory.
Add a bearer token to the URI.
Test consistency with cpu.
Test minimum and zero.
Get all categories for a blog.
Jump to preview window
Add a new firewall rule
Create a new stream.
Log msg % with severity ERROR.
Main loop for mestate.
Get the parent PID of a process.
On scroll event handler.
Subtracts the square root of the given ground field.
Duplicate decomposes a binary tree.
Check if the given path is a package.
Entry point for the wireup command.
Read the contents of the numa maps file.
Convert timedelta to integral minutes.
test url to local path
Reserved type.
Returns the path component of the URL.
Setup the simulation.
Take the first n elements of a sequence.
Test the validity of axes.
Get the lengths of a file.
Test collections editor
Temporarily redirects the given url.
Groups an iterable into n - sized chunks.
Returns the absolute path to the directory where the given pack is located.
List all the hosts on this VMware environment
Batch det function.
Convert a resource to a project.
Generate a random slice of the given length.
Get the number of seconds from the uptime list.
Combine two flaky annotations into a single one.
Unpublish a collection.
Remove all roles for a user in a tenant.
Make a call to a jsonrpc server.
Get a path from the loop.
Parse the deb resolv file and return its contents.
Reduce the elements of an array.
Convert a block device volume to a block device volume object.
Check if two meshes are the same.
Perform a suggestion for the given unit.
Get the size of a vm
PRIMITIVE ARRAY TUPLE
Test nearmiss implementation.
Return whether or not the minion is running in virtual mode
Check if current language is bidi.
Select the best encoding to use for writing to outstream.
Get label from plist.
nzseel2 nzseel module resourcename
Get the value of a configuration flag.
Roll back a pending reservation.
Check if a keystone version is available.
Download objects from a container.
Shelves a server.
Assert that the currently opened help link is correct.
Set the current canvas.
Find the git directory for the given path.
Returns a dictionary of pagination parameters.
Test function.
Run afrikaans - tutorial.
Return the total physical memory in bytes.
Group results by video.
Determine if the system is virtual.
Parse a string of ETags into a tuple.
Entry point for the simulator.
Send an e - mail to a user.
Return a style instance with color settings.
Convert an IP protocol integer to a string.
Returns an iterator over the lists in the dictionary d.
Add patch information to a structure.
Convert a string to an integer.
Simplify a dimension expression.
Encode a variable - length integer.
Test that the translated field supports migration.
Process open sockets.
Migrate all hypervisors to a given host.
Solve the entropic regularization optimal transport problem and return the solution.
Test flushing orm.
Make a CTF file name from a directory.
Allow a user to access a course
Revoke roles for a user in a MongoDB database.
List clusters by datacenter
Returns a dictionary of git keywords.
Uniform linear layout for a set of points.
Generate n colors.
List acl groups.
Tokenize a file and yield tokens.
Get a nonphylogenetic metric by its name.
Deprecated. See urlparse. parseqsl
Remove stopwords from a list of tokens.
Check if the given shell is an interactive shell.
Get swap size.
Delete a file or link.
Generate URLs for a given mbid.
Execute a python script in the context of the current Python interpreter.
Check if info is a list of strings.
Check the raet key in the specified directory
Test the completion of a dict key.
Check if string is a float.
Check if vec is a bow vector.
Show a series by ID.
Register a new user.
Recursively upload files to s3.
Check if a pair is inverse.
Get the last account for a nick.
Check if the object is undefined.
get docstrings from db
Get a catalog by its name.
Test that numpy. random. random does not contain inf.
Try to find a sentinel from a file.
Get unit format from configuration.
Format an iterable of structs.
Rollback a migration
Print the totals for all results.
Check if node is builtins.
Normalize mode.
Get priority of an element.
Return humanized string representation of date.
Parse. egg - info file.
Get the raw device information for the given path.
Resize an image using the medium encoding.
Unregister handler for given ident.
Wraps a command into a shell command.
Update the metadata for a volume.
Extract a value from a dict using the given path.
Rotate the geometry by loop and manipulation.
Migrate search migrations.
Run the main loop
Return a user structure.
Returns a list of all tables in the database
Validate options.
Generates a random choice.
Compare two arrays for equality.
A context manager that creates a temporary file and deletes it afterwards.
Unpack a string into a number.
Fill the array with a given number of data.
Generates a meshgrid of num x y points.
Reload the configuration from disk
Quota reset handler
Load all registered extensions.
Return a list of n colors.
Chebbyshev polynomial approximation.
Split an estimator into two sub - arrays.
test that truncates and labels work
Convert data from one format to another.
Run the metric test.
Return whether or not the system is virtual
Truncate obj to max element size.
Check whether there is a previous review for the given changeset revision.
Get the user base.
Regex validator.
Attach a volume to a datacenter.
Remove all files in the specified directory.
Maxshield detection.
Write chained output to file.
Shuffle a list of lists using a seed.
Iterate over batches of data.
Format a changes dict into a human - readable string.
Delete instance info cache.
Get attributes flag.
Try to convert a string into an index.
Returns a list of sale records for the given course.
Return True if text is valid.
Add a resource at a given location.
Request user input.
person route.
Compiles a Marshmallow schema and validates it
Check if a profile is associated with a role.
Gets chained text from procedures.
Get mountpoint of a cgroup.
Main entry point for parquet.
Format a datetime object as a string.
Create a list of managed nodes.
Print the contents of a tag in a repository.
Convert a sympy symbol to numpy matrix.
List the nodes on the machine pool.
Unblock a given block device.
Make a resource dictionary.
Find the zone that matches the given name.
Check if resource1 is inside resource2.
Unary expression 5
Read string from persistent store.
Escape a string for use in a shell script.
URL - encode a string.
Convert data to dummy.
Convert a string to a boolean.
Find a tex file.
Sends the inventory data to the client.
Determine which downloader to use.
Packages the given files with the given template.
Convert an IP address to an integer.
Runs the convert command.
Disable availability zones for a service.
Return the CPU percentage of the given function.
Create a declaration string.
I18n release push.
Find the changes that need to be made to the given monitors
Return the sum of two numbers.
Manage reviews for an addon.
Returns the group with the given id.
Render a Jinja2 template.
Open a new instance of an actionator.
Print a brief description of each decoder.
Check if the given path refers to a running service.
Check that the classification targets are strings.
Fits the model to the given data.
Simple sanity check for the given NetCDF file.
Force a job to be launched.
Set up vagrant environment.
Create option values for the given optionable type.
Test scenario with hash within single quotes.
List qt objects
Test that the extractor works in normal mode.
Write status line if config. show status. get is True.
Delete a repository.
Checks if the given string is a valid IPv6 address.
Return the number of the read from the name.
AES decrypt data with expanded key.
Return a socket object for the given address.
Set proxy for Windows minions.
Convert hex to rgba.
Return all related revisions for a package.
Save photos.
calculate temperature.
Create or update a version.
Return a unique identifier for the given instance.
Remove all files of the given dt and dn.
Check connectivity to the cluster.
Initialize a module.
Find all occurrences of pattern in string.
Filter for URLs.
Check if any of the list of loop lists intersect with any of the loop lists
Set the quota usage for the tenant.
Return set of unique IDs for each FASTA file.
Augment usage errors with helpful information.
Remove all files that end with a string.
Release a vlanid.
Render a template using pprint.
Given a function f and a value a return the result of applying a function f to the result
Transpose a sequence expression
Check if value is a string.
Return the coverage of all the tasks.
Return a dict with the name and the value of the monitor
Expand asterisks in the expression.
test collect with 4 symbols
Compare two keys.
List host groups.
Return a list of systemctl command line arguments.
Given a page list and a page page2 return a list of sibling pages.
Write content to output path.
Replace the contents of a file.
Return a connection string for the specified backend.
Test if an IP address is in a given set.
welcome OSF4M email.
Set the icon of a tool.
Load a module and return its contents as a dictionary.
Find the approval token for the given object id.
Get desktop module by name.
Check if a tool dependency can be eliminated.
Encodes a byte string.
Sets the domain for the given string.
Check for invalid dna chars.
Split a list of arguments into a dictionary.
Create a date ticker.
Remove module names from the sys. modules dictionary
install signal handler for given file descriptor.
Hadoop s mkdir function.
Check if the system is a BSD.
Greatest common divisor.
Test that a notification is removed from the database.
Get recording by id mocked.
Return the cache value for the given namespace.
Emit a deprecation warning for the given unit.
Substitute type references in a type definition string.
Lock the current working directory.
Entry point for the script.
Return the hash of the subdb file at path.
Set the verbose level.
Initialize the maildir.
Get flavor extra spec.
Check the status of a datapusher job.
Unpack lines into a list of lines.
Create a temporary allow rule.
Returns a sorted list of tuples of the members of the given object that satisfy the given predicate
Convert DKL array to RGB array.
Test incorrect case file index format.
Charts page.
Builds a simple patterns.
Remove docstring from a function.
Lock a minion.
Parse a preference file.
Show cloudbot version.
Returns the variance of x.
Groups a list of items by a key function.
Test the inverse operator.
Convert a Matroska date string to a datetime object.
Return True if the system is running or False otherwise.
conditional expression 2.
Decrypt secret by user.
Check if a drive is a mount point.
True if symptom caching is disabled without a backend.
Filter release name.
Return the path to the virtualbox executable.
Parse template string.
Filter a list of values based on a list of values.
Create a shared numpy. random. randomstate variable.
Returns a task that unsubscribes a user from a token.
Assign a user to a page.
Dump memory.
rolling vwap.
Get the name of a bench function.
Join paths together.
Kotanchek s score.
Archive a project.
Run a command and return its output.
Remove noise from a string.
Render an answer.
Read a string from a file - like object.
Test the wrong kind of smote.
Test connection to MySQL database.
Run command and see if it was modified since the last run.
Context manager to remove a file or directory on error.
Find the best chall combination for a challenge.
Parse libvlc media.
Create a dense version of the graph.
Stop the containers.
Get phred quality of a record.
Find uuid by host and name.
Summary statistics.
Iterate over all modules in a package.
Indicator for S3 REST API
Attempts to authenticate a user with the given credentials.
Create a subreddit if it doesn t exist.
Generate client lib.
Returns the elapsed time between two events.
Generate event collection plot and compare colors.
Test for xonsh builtins pushdpopd.
Setup platform module.
Choose a random set of tests.
Edit an alias.
Initialize an addon.
Returns the name of a file object.
Convert milliseconds since epoch to datetime.
Return a list of known service types that are supported by the local agent.
Unescape a string literal.
Return all combination of keyspaces and connections.
Adds a subtask to the profile.
Create an event rule for the given date and time.
Read the version from the version file.
Arg of softmax function.
Revoke all certificates for a user in a project.
Get user and password.
XBlock outline endpoint
Attempt to expand a cookie path.
Returns the tag of the latest release.
Filter a table to only include rows belonging to cores.
Migrate facts from oauth template to facts.
Compute histogram of values in a list of bins.
List the available grains
List users in database
Extract link from link header.
Initialize a Prometheus reporter.
Map QoS spec to policy group name and max throughput
Get stock balance
Calculates the number of rows that need to be written to reflect the changes between two entities.
Return cluster status.
Runs a pip command and asserts its returncode is ok.
Scour a list of coordinates.
Create a new campaign with a bidding strategy.
Add devices to the platform.
Start the named vm
Root Mean Square Error
Dump a buffer of bytes to a string.
Get a logger by name.
Compute the correlation matrix.
Unify two sets of gens.
Find end of expression in line.
test feature name
Serves a list of files.
Get an HTTP object for use with requests.
masquerading user on course key
Filter for label 1.
Convert x into a bytearray or bytearray.
Tag to get current timezone.
Reconciles the vouchers in args into the voucher database.
Create a list of formatter objects based on the config.
Undo logger setup.
Expands the gallery in the metadata dictionary.
Convert a column of data to an image.
Return the name of the process whose process id is pid.
Check if the current working directory exists.
Edit a folder
Stop cover for an entity.
Check if rdclass is a known metaclass.
Returns the IPv6 address associated with the given interface or None.
Process movie reviews.
Include all enabled extensions in the Django admin.
Get embeddings for a word.
set libvlc media player
Convert an object to a list.
Find orphaned children.
Change user cookie security.
Remove duplicates from a list preserving order.
Clears the screen.
Test the compound gates of a compound gate.
Format the example docstring.
Uncamelcase a string.
Return the default logfile for the specified executable.
Calculate the area of the intersection of a set of loops.
Pads a number to the given number of characters.
Get a provider by name.
Change user username.
Show a specific resource.
Alias for request. route url.
Exponential random variates.
Convert path to unicode if necessary.
Get a value from the database.
Run command.
Release the given address.
ResNet v1 version of resnet v2.
Get crafted text from gcode text.
Convert an IPv4 address from binary form into text representation.
Test the implementation of the stft function.
Return cython version as a tuple.
Returns a list of SQL indexes for all models in the app.
Remove the file extension from a filename.
Return recently changed packages.
Second example of lasagne
List all upgrades on the master
create a connection between server and client
Formats a slug for use in a URL.
Convert a text string to a C object.
Returns argspec of callback.
Add or update the organisation to the database.
Convert a list of tuples into a list of sparse blocks.
Fix a set of lines.
Run a command and return its output as a string.
Get all options.
Compare the generated context with the expected context
Test that no output file exists in joblist.
Create a new figure manager for the given figure.
Convert a name to a list of labels.
Create transformations from a list of tokens.
Set the tax data in the session
Returns True if value matches the regular expression pattern.
Make a request to Appveyor API.
List all installed apps.
Set the diff opcode generator.
Expand the dimensions of x by dim.
Find executable using the given environment.
Create a temporary script file and return the filename.
If p is a directory append it to the end of the path. If p is a directory
Check if a namespace is in the database.
Send an email to remove a member from a group.
Authorize the given resource for the given user.
Get console width.
Sort an IP address.
List all courses.
Delete preview files when an instance is deleted.
Returns True if polarity of s is positive
Calculate the discriminant of a discriminant distribution.
Read user dict with default value.
Render template with data.
Find a library by name.
Create a grant IP for a user
Runs pylint on a set of files.
educate backticks in a string
Check if the content type of the URL is html.
List all keyspaces.
Configure settings.
Return default args.
Exploit routersploit error handling.
Yields all translation messages from the given CSV file.
Create student attendance records
Like a topic
Convert a list of stats tuples into a dictionary of iostats.
Unquote a string.
Convert ordinal float to datetime. datetime.
Check if a tensorflow summary with the given tag exists.
Get input file.
Gather loss from clone and regularization.
Extract user email fullname from DN.
Builds a string representation of the specified song using the specified md function.
Dictionary count.
Search for recordings.
Preserve torrent directory.
Add a summary of the mapping to the given OTU table.
Compute node by hypervisor.
Combines mappings after denoising.
Returns a string if exists else None.
Discovers the executable with the given name in the given site path.
Find the end of a multi - line docstring.
Causes the given coroutine to join with the other side.
Returns True if there is no AAFFI installed False otherwise.
Get pylint version
Get volume summary by project.
Complete a skipper command.
Translate a message and return its text representation.
Returns a list of tuples of sort keys and directions.
Returns the arcsecant of the given value.
Find the Hessian at the given point.
Convert human readable size to bytes.
Set the evacuate or drain option.
Execute a kadmin command
Evaluates the tail of a curve.
Get a cubic path from the current xml element to the current vertex.
Return value with line breaks removed.
Return the build target for the given package name and version.
clausify expression.
Update the status of the given collection.
Sort a pcap file.
Update class instance with latest instance from the database.
Check if a process exists.
Read the next string from the SSH buffer.
Given a list of outputs return a single unified output.
Reload rewrite routes.
Create a new array with the given typecode size and initializer.
Setup the platform.
Check if a string is a valid ext comm attribute.
List all nodes in the specified zone.
Tag a release.
Write a message to the preview window.
Return a resampler for the given grouping.
Make a dataset.
Recursively sort tree by column col.
Assert that the saved json is a unicode string.
Create a contiguous copy of the given signature.
test plot of topo image epochs
Get headers from config.
Rebuild a library after reinstalling it
Tamper the payload with the given keywords.
Returns the class of the diff renderer.
Create a test module from a set of tests.
Get pulls list for a project.
Return response status and message.
Return a deferred that will fire after delay seconds.
root page.
Unescape a node.
Check if an object is a sequence of booleans.
Add faces by convex loop.
Finds the root node of the input file.
synchronous switch listener
Add two 32 - bit unsigned integers.
List the contents of a directory.
Populate the include and exclude tables.
Determine if we are running in virtual mode.
Show pillar data.
Callback for key value parsing.
Run the pytest fixture with the given parameters.
Test on focus changed.
Monkeypatch for the cmdutils module.
Insert a new entry into the database.
Sends a password changed notice to the specified user.
Add command line options for the loadgraph command.
Yield only symbols in iterator that are not in exclude
Convert a UTC datetime object to a decimal number.
Get source and line of a node.
Normalize a path.
Run de on the input file.
Get the name of the installed Python package.
unary expression 6
Create a new bucket.
Return color and alpha from input.
Remove repeated elements from inds.
Main entry point for the application.
Pause a server.
Parse a JSON string into a Python object.
Normalize a word.
Test discretization of a model.
Ensure that the named network is absent.
Convert a list of location tuples to a single location string.
Generate a BQ schema for a DataFrame.
Return sort string key.
Get the command line arguments.
Check connectivity of a graph.
Return the contents of the specified interface.
Multiply a sparse matrix by a scale matrix.
Get a new skeinlayer repository
Encode a password.
Get or set the output of an audio stream.
Call the service.
Validate atom.
Categorical cross entropy.
Products endpoint.
Test pie and half.
Import an object.
Check determinism.
Get files with file types without words.
Create logout url.
Return the host and erhn for a given request.
Recursively copy a directory tree.
Clear the screen.
Get the location of a cloud.
Return x reshaped to have num columns.
test truncate with purified field
Creates an initial state for a batch of inputs.
Returns the value of the specified field.
Returns the log density at x given the covariance matrix means and covars.
Return tree from cix string.
Empty the trash of the system.
Create a link tag.
Split a range string into multiple sheets.
Add a header name to the response if it doesn t already exist.
Load all registered extensions.
Search the database.
Test regularization of the covariance matrix.
None window function.
Parse the given packet.
Build and return a print page.
Generate a meshgrid of triangles.
Clear the site cache for a specific instance.
The stream view for the user.
Build an exit from a verticle.
Returns a safe weakref for the given target.
test allknn fit for single class
Check if the given bucket name is subdomain compatible.
Return a tuple of matches for s.
S3 river controller
Check if the call is an error type.
Run the report.
Detach a BLED112 device.
Join a list with a separator.
Find free ports between two ports.
Call a command and raise an error if it fails.
Sanitize and write html to file.
Given a list of scripts return a list of script choices.
Get the name of the Windows compiler.
Download youtube videos.
Delete a security group.
Test that the recurrent graph is saved.
Check geom result.
Create a namedtuple of namedtuples.
test sentry bootstrap options
Build a github repository.
Returns a set of permissions for the given URLs.
Create a new instance of the specified type.
Comparison type.
Attach a policy to a role.
Notify about a server group.
Create a WSGI resource.
topic - weighting function.
Returns the pricing module.
Check free space.
Find and fill the specified text in the specified selector.
Get the available colours.
return open and close regex for given tagname
Validate image id.
Load the executable and version from an environment variable.
Test conversion of an RGB color to HSL.
Convert a boolean to an integer.
Creates a fragment and adds resources to it.
Returns a list of keys
Join strings and save them as a file path.
Create or resurrect a directory.
Get chassis datacenter.
Power of the one norm matrix.
Run the server.
Context manager that allows executing code under certain assumptions.
Get a user ID from a user name.
Returns dictionary of pagination variables.
Convert hex string to byte.
Delete the content for the given namespace id.
Hovers an element.
Unsplit url data.
Transform the nose tools into a stub.
Format text with fmt and return the result.
gradient of mean of x
Create a FSL overlay workflow.
Get the size of a vm
Get a proxy for a service.
Apply changes to a collection.
Runs a command and returns the version of the executable.
Delete all lead addresses for a given company name
Update flagged object.
Write numpy array to file object.
Fetch a Motorola SX file.
Compute all user - movie estimates for a given set of reviews.
Reset the number of the given vm
Convert integer field.
Extract host from request.
Minimum value of a quadrature.
Check if a package is installed.
Start an application.
Tests that a nullable type is correctly typed.
Get read geometry.
mimify infile to outfile
Determine the name of the function based on its decorators.
Log raw irc message.
Get common path from a list of paths.
Remove the dnsmasq accept rules for the specified network device
Parse all the files in a folder and generate a FASTHEAD file.
Diff two dicts.
Move up or down the stack.
Gradient multiplication with multiplier
Process an XML element.
Get the host name for a given instance.
Coerce table labels into a single list of rows and columns.
Find increasing sequences of words.
Fix a makefile.
Convert a pd. MultiIndex to a list of ticklabels.
Subtract the k smallest values from x.
Get the current stock value for a product.
Connect to an S3 bucket.
Returns a list of all tables in the database.
Get the base directory of a portable module.
Get the ports of a node.
Returns the prefix to use for the given module and qualified name.
User page.
Delete a servicegroup
Perform cross validation and log - likelihood on the data.
LDAP symptom.
Delete network interface.
Render a template to a string.
Compute the maximum span of a loop.
Fake bdm object.
Get container information.
Create a new fifo if it doesn t exist.
Try to find a default temporary directory.
Render a report
Unsubscribe a document from a specific topic.
Iterate over items of a multi - dict or multi - dict.
Returns a list of headers that match the specified criteria.
Remove a user from a group
Return whether or not the system is virtual
pragma on foreign keys
Logs a debug message for the calling function.
Remove a set of PVs from a key.
Check if an anchor tag exists in a file.
Get or create a hosted zone.
Run a test environment.
Remove a user.
Check that the index name is valid.
Returns the null value of an object or None if the object is empty.
Returns a tuple of volume id and size
Write a dictionary of docstrings to a file.
Get current kernel arch.
Return data to a json file
Create filesystem loader.
Test the labeling of stc.
Validate the covariance matrix.
Get the portage object.
Quote the given argument for use in a rsp file.
Testing function for loading and saving files
List all the groups with the specified name.
RAR3 to AES key pair.
Delete a vlanid
Render an OpenID request.
Calculate the nth root of a modulo p.
Dark Dark Doji Star.
Yield items from an iterable.
Add a new service to the system.
gpu elemwise careduce optimizer
List available upgrades.
recv object from socket
Verify that the named vm does not exist
Decorator for injecting create tags into events.
Puiseux2 exponentiation with respect to x.
Get information about a user
Runs a function as a CGI server.
Computes the Fonseca coefficients for an individual.
Print server log.
Create bookmarks for a module.
Display an RGB image.
Reads a file and returns a list of lines.
Run pytest on collection error.
Get the next host.
assign num to p
Return True if the minion is virtual.
Expands the user home portion of a path.
Least common multiple.
Copy data from one file descriptor to another.
Get the gradients of the where condition.
Compute optional configuration value.
Load a zen translation.
Convert input to args.
Delete a category and assert that it exists.
Dereference obj and return it.
Open a svg file.
Format a list of messages as a response.
Build a bundle of assets.
Try to import an object.
Rebuilds a function from the reduced code.
Split an address into a list of addresses.
Return full path to rcctl command
Get limit and marker from request.
Convert an etree element into a dict.
Strip xmlns from element and its children.
Get the current rendering context.
Parse test files option.
Format a power.
Get a presentation ref id from adml data.
Dump a dump function to a string and return it.
Convert text into an integer.
Fixture for the italian tutorial.
Return the first child of node with the given tag.
Get configuration settings.
Colorize text.
Returns a list of num combinations of the given list l.
Get limit parameter from request.
Returns a list of modules and the active module.
Get the difference between two values.
Try to open a passwordless SSH session.
Test that raw. info has eeg average ref.
Remove scrubs from a string
Create decorator from middleware class.
Decrypt an input stream.
Get a random prime number.
Strip trailing blank lines from the end of the line.
Convert a dataframe to an IDF.
publish a new version of the application
Return True if the given SQL string contains an open quote.
Return a list of adresses for the given host.
Write data to filename in directory.
main entry point for vim. connect
Representation function for lambda expressions.
Return an edit handler for the class.
Convert html to xhtml.
Find the indices of elements that match the given condition.
Set rate limit.
Test completion with nonunique prefix.
Calculate date based on day of week.
Check if rbenv is installed
Find the largest element in a list.
Solve a discrete lyapunov equation bilinear.
Return a number that is prime with n numbers.
Pythonic wrapper for the ctypes tc function.
Convert a string to a list of integers.
Clear all caches
Convert a regular expression to a pattern and number.
Return a hash for the given item and ephemeral paths.
Tag to tag a string without context.
Subtract a constant from the degree of a polynomial.
Find the max id in the database.
Get the configuration for the mapview Python module.
struct declaration list 1
gpu sparse block optimizer
Split text into a list of integers.
Returns the python library zip file.
Test the cursor for keys.
Cookiecutter s test.
Return True if minc is installed.
Returns the text of the element at the specified path.
Get carving from xml parser.
Parse change values from options.
test args.
scikit - learn an image
Get user and project memberships.
Check if a stream is public.
Test the inverse of the links.
Check if all keys and values in a dictionary are equal.
Generate a Gegenbauer polynomial.
Switch an organization.
Cookie parse impl.
Render a template.
Join a list of package names into a single string.
Try to guess the filename of an object.
Report problem grade for a course.
Check that the difference between expected and got is within the allowed range.
Returns a queryset for the given class.
Alias for request. currentroute path.
Test floating point range.
Exit the program.
Exponential moving average.
Return the metadata for an entity.
Load a model from disk.
Create window function.
Returns a list of route objects.
Parse command line options.
Transform a dictionary of parameters to a boolean type.
Get pasted lines from user.
Return a list of IP addresses for the given server.
Get the comments app.
Find the executable with the given name.
Given a mime type and parsed media ranges return the fitness and quality of the mime.
Create a Pandas SQL builder.
Get course display string from descriptor.
True if virtual otherwise False.
Get log for the given asset id.
Extracts text from an ODF element.
Convert datetime object to json.
Promote an operator to a new size.
Filter a list of names that match pat.
Get a specific volume type
Initialize web application.
Strips strerror from exc.
Compare two models and return a dictionary of changes.
Upgrade migrations.
Return a list of events to the master
Test the virtualenv.
Checks if a user is registered for a course.
Registers the given services in the given hass instance.
Returns the value of the given foreign struct or None.
Check if a sq db exists.
Create a directory if it does not exist.
Broadcast tensor to all GPUs.
Get a list of words from a file.
Help text.
Left shift 64 - bit accumulator.
Matches the given sentence with the given pattern.
Encode a string using the platform specified encoding.
Command line allocation.
Return True if any character in w has a vowel.
Start debuggers in interactive mode.
Get session plot options
Attach Epic custom attributes to a queryset.
Return the state of the given instance.
Download a file from a URL.
Gets a quality of service specification.
Setup insteon.
Load a WSGI application from a configuration file.
Returns True if the user has read access to the studio page.
Wrap a value to the specified number of characters.
Split huge add or mul operation into smaller ops.
Poweroff a node via SSH.
Set a driver for a specific provider.
Get zmq settings from environment variables
Truncate a string to a maximum length.
Requirements for infinibox and infinibox2.
Validate local ip address.
Get string representation of integer.
Compute the product of two matrices.
Get the output of a gcode.
Create list of commands for eb.
Returns a unique tag for the current configuration
Stop the server cold.
List flavors.
List keys in the registry.
Ping listener.
Check if the driver driver and nvvm are available.
Returns the attributive of an adjective.
Add the role to the application.
Check if the capfile contains any handshakes.
Delete an attribute from a class.
Finish the search by finding the element by id.
Rotate a color by a percentage.
Convert a roman numeral string to an integer.
Wraps a function with a timeout. If the function takes too long to execute the function the
Return a new coil repository.
List available frameworks.
Pick a set of counters for a given interpretation.
Remove fetched distributions.
Test that the sky coordinates have the correct representation.
Update a DNS record.
Returns the geometry output for the given element.
Test regression 5604.
Returns the absolute url for the given path.
Start the main loop of the repository.
Return the current media player rate.
Get the name of the virtual environment.
Finds the directory containing the given path.
Compile the given function into a function of the given type.
Run the search command.
Run the test flask extension.
Count the number of google lists in the given style.
Returns the plural of the given string.
Check that requirements are satisfied.
Sleep for a random amount of time.
Test if a value is an integer.
Create extra loops to fill a ring around a given radius.
Test base of reduce preferred implementation.
Returns True if candidate is less than or equal to required.
Mock quteproc s request method.
Get the status of a task.
Generate random coinculator vectors.
Return a random rotation matrix.
List installed packages
Add a header to the message.
Create a transfer manager.
Returns the epsilon closure for the given state.
Parse signed request.
Return a file name for the given type and test.
Stub out the given functions for the given test.
Test the implementation of the nvidia driver.
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
Return compiled python code for the given node.
URL for a document.
Add noise to the input.
Print one or more strings to stdout.
Write metadata to file.
Get current language.
Set plugin path in os. environ.
Check if a file or directory does not exist.
Wrap an enum object.
Generates an ibp using the beta function.
One arg version of numpy. arange
Writes the usearch61 log file.
Parse filename and page ranges.
Check if obj is None.
Check if uri is a valid S3 uri.
babel. dates. format date
Hide untranslated translations.
Set global id and return old id and function
Validate API password.
Return a list of choices for rating bodies.
Teardown the database connection.
Apply function f to audio clip.
Create a tag cloud.
Detach a policy from a role.
Return a new set with num removed.
Entry point for the behave module.
Declare a type declaration.
Create API method response for a resource.
Sort key for sorting.
Test for trivial functions.
Write an object to a file using pickle.
Returns a list of dynamic tabs for the given user and course.
Parse authentication header.
Run pip and check that the wheel has been downloaded.
Get tool panel config tool path and relative install dir
Print query results.
URL encode a string.
Parse command line arguments.
Fail with an error code.
Get all releases for a given episode.
Check if x is an integer.
Check if home directory exists.
Returns the revision number of the current working directory.
Annotate content models by youtube id.
Test iterator.
Checks if l is a list or tuple.
test basic formulas
Return the history of the minion
Exponential moving mean.
Add a student to the facility.
Fill all paragraphs of a string with the given width.
Read a. ctf file and verify its contents.
Show the weights in a nice way.
Search for an organization.
Convert Java regex pattern to Python regex.
Replace all occurrences of old with new.
Detect an agent using detectorshub.
Logs the user in.
make csv output for frappe
Return a string representation of the current object.
Decode a UTF - 8 string.
Check the rpc status and raise an appropriate exception if needed.
Returns the next datetime in the specified time zone with the specified utc hour.
Calculate the md5sum of a file.
Return a tuple of two items the first item being the absolute number and the second item being the
Normalize newlines in text.
Iterates over all filenames in a directory.
Run a command in chunks of max number of arguments.
Sets a custom DNS nameserver for the specified domain.
Reset the user namespace and run magic.
Create a WSGI resource.
Template tag that renders the created task page.
Convert a dictionary to a string.
Get the status of a given unit.
Initializes the bits module.
Get user model name.
Grouping reduction operator.
Return the default HTTP URL.
Entry point for the script.
Throw a greenlet if it s still alive.
Delete all objects in a bucket.
Checks if the given object is a generator function.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not S3 roles are permitted.
Compute the cluster state.
List extensions.
Add a separator to a string.
Update a fileserver
Return a dict of all the jids in the job directory
Install gettext translations for jinja2 templates.
Serialize a User object into a JSON - compatible dictionary.
Register signals.
Get a block device mapping by instance and volume id.
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
Check shape of numpy array.
Inspects module and object to see if they belong to the same module.
Compute the maximum error.
Check if two synapses have the same number of synapses.
Return a tuple with a boolean and the virtual name
Register a scale class.
Get relative path to a file relative to the pack base.
Delete a key from memcache.
Returns the gc object at the given address or None if no gc object exists.
Return True if the minion is virtual.
Get all headers that match the given name.
Validate collection of options.
Install zmqio.
Run a matlab job.
Rewrite old config to new one.
Get the value of a kernel variable.
Returns a namespace mapping for the specified NSPFX prefixes.
Decode base64 text.
Update an image.
Extract the title from a layout.
Link shortener for shortened links.
Wrap a long type and assert that it s an integer type.
Run a pip install from wheel and verify that it was created correctly.
Determines whether the given instance is in the resize state.
Run a python script with the given context.
Format a number according to settings.
Check if a module exists.
Print a summary of the efuses
Trivial triangulation of two points.
Returns a list of all branches in a repository.
Convert Markdown source to HTML.
Parse command line arguments.
Get the credential controller object
Test comparison of two images.
Clone the repo into the current working directory.
Return a list of formatted lines for the given exception.
Contextmanager that pushes a kernel context onto the stack.
Join together a list of strings into a URL.
Check if path is a hidden dot.
Wait for a task to be created.
Get a flavor by name.
Create an array of ones with the same shape and type as the input array.
Parse an HTTP response.
Return the DCT matrix.
Search string for all occurrences of word. Returns a list of offsets.
Returns a path to a cache file.
Create an access key for a user.
Update a stack.
Reshow a figure
Parse a document list entry from a string.
Check if sock is allowed and print a warning if not.
Send a JSON message or a list of JSON messages.
Runs Tidy for the given HTML file.
Re - raise an exception if the original exception was raised by vo.
Convert nodes from one type to another.
Get a model by app label and model name.
Set the current platform and architecture
Return data to the master
Get fill value.
Get a new repository.
Generate an email address for a user.
Safely join paths to a base directory.
Looks up a method by its name.
Run wireup.
Download an http link.
Update a FITS file.
Move a file or directory.
Test auto close when task is deleted.
test cache deactivated update metadata
Expectation step.
Ignore sysadmin or not.
Load certificate by type
List the names of all queues
Convert a string to a GCE identifier.
Return the maximum depth of a polynomial.
Return a copy of os. environ with additional environment variables.
Convert a path to a unix path.
Decode a time string into a datetime object.
Get the indices of the mags of the fiffv coils.
Load enrollment api module.
Create photos for each post in the episode.
Get a worker with the given filters.
test ros fit with an invalid ratio
Unwatch a document.
Processes a dlg and returns the desktop name.
Coerce value as boolean.
Get matplotlib parameters from a. rc file.
Extract browser from user agent string.
test imports on global namespace without path
Return the grade of an adjective with the given suffix.
Loads and returns a dataset.
Make a request to Google Cloud Storage.
Get the current time.
Verify a user s email address.
Parse timedelta event.
Strip ANSI escape sequences from a string.
Convert an IP number to a quad string.
Describe the given enum value.
Generate lorem ipsum.
Check if a module exists.
Run setup functions.
Create a new QuotaUsage record.
Command line tool.
Return the message for a given HTTP status code.
Return the top data from the master
Transfer a bucket from one storage location to another.
jump to specified tab number
Callback to log a node.
Get preferences as a base64 encoded string.
Index page.
Read a string from a file - like object.
Run the feature and assert its output.
Add a new service group
Convert special characters to strings.
Get a random stc peak.
Compare two objects for equality.
Validate that value is a positive float.
Check if vcs is installed for the specified repo type.
Test if a < b.
Check the status of a specific core
Get the absolute path to the target file.
Generate cache key for doc html.
Context manager to create a temporary directory then delete it.
Process an arcgis service.
Select a template from a list of engines.
Returns a path relative to the temp directory.
Extend data by length bytes starting at offset.
Add the implied task id to the dictionary d.
Compare two entities pb by key.
Check if the track index of the item has changed.
Whoosh search.
Convert a tuple to a datetime. datetime.
Add referrer header to conf. http.
Remove a repo from the system.
Convert a sequence of bytes to a string.
Start the syndic process
Copy a specified number of bytes from the source stream to the destination stream.
Get a list of tiles for a given coordinate.
Recursively serialize a JSON object.
Main entry point for the script.
Get the gcc shared library argument.
Record a purchase.
Wait until no listen pids are available for namespace.
Python 2. 7 - > py27
Returns a unified output from a list of outputs.
Register a new user.
Make a key from a rule.
Get window analyze file given file name.
Convert a funshion id to a list of urls.
Returns the value of the CFLAGS environment variable.
Expires the reservation for the current AWS account.
Create an alias for an index
Unwatch an approved revision.
Set up the platform.
Ensure that the directory d exists. If it does not create it.
Add a document to the database.
Get all snapshots for a given host.
Upload an image attachment.
Parse a query string.
Validates that the specified volume is available on the system.
Computes the overhang direction.
Encode 7 or 8 bit data in msg.
Enable a system virtualenv service.
Register that a class has been renamed.
Sanitizes HTML code using bleach.
Get the volume details.
True if x == y and False otherwise.
Check if the tree matches the given fasta labels.
Get enabled provider by id.
Return the default app id.
Tensorflow hinge loss.
Serialize a pymongo Collection object.
Test a supervised dataset.
Get vector3 by prefix.
Get all user subscriptions.
write a cgi file
Access a key.
Add photo URLs.
Stop and reload containers.
Check if a file is a text file.
Add points from a segment.
Get partitions from connectivity matrix.
Connect client to destination.
Function to display the help text.
Queue one or more instances for provisioning
Check to see if a package has been removed.
Assert that func raises an assertion error with severity warning class.
Generate a list of column names.
Find p and q in a number of nbits.
Convert a string to an integer.
Get legen lut fast version.
Get the JSON representation of a feed.
No real s3 credentials.
Equivalent to idz sfrmi ( l m ).
mult int list
Render http response.
Return the number of iscsi targets for the given host.
Load a Python module from a file.
Returns True if name is a global variable.
Runs the script and asserts that the completion matches the bash completion.
update table f with new column new
Context manager for celery.
Returns a list of random links that are promoted to the given sr.
Encode entrance exam and student input into task input and task key.
Return the configuration as a string
Template tag to be implemented in the future.
Get build environment overrides from a dict.
Looks up an address and port number in a string.
Determine if symptom is password regular expression or not.
Yield tuples of profile name role name and role document
Run tests.
Print the dot product of expr.
Update properties of an image.
Show fake statusbar with progress widget.
Check if item is a container.
Round x up to nearest integer.
Return the id for the given value.
Return True if the number is set False otherwise.
Returns a QuerySet of the daily objects for the given date range.
Shutdown the application.
Check to see if we need to recompile.
Resumes all processes at the specified time.
Create an ndindex array of the specified shape.
copy query options to protocol buffer
Add a pixel to the pixel table.
Check if config dict has changed.
Read a patchset from a file.
Run the test suite.
Generate a set of keys
Create a function graph and check for optimisation.
Returns the reader class for the specified reader name.
Return information about installed packages.
Exponential random variates.
Add a certificate to the specified store
Creates a group snapshot
Detach a disk from a vm.
Distributes a pdf file to a temporary file.
Add a new page if it does not exist.
Return full path to the config file.
Ranking test for string completion.
Calculates the loop length of a polygon.
Wrapper for processutils. execute
Continuous confidence interval.
Delete a task by name.
Leave a transaction management session.
Convert from bcd to decimal.
Check if user has access to the forum.
get syslog config file
test io inverse operator
Read data from file and return as unicode string.
Validate shuffle split parameters.
Generate a syndication feed.
Try to find a constructor for an object.
Decode a base64 string to a unicode string.
Return a list of all supported key exchange algorithms.
Extract a libvirt snapshot.
Return the user s profile.
Return base64 encoded image data.
Return the least common multiple of a and b.
Multi - dimensional flip - axes.
Returns the current state of the pickled object.
Recursively walk a module tree.
Called when the configuration of a task has changed.
Set attributes by a list of arguments.
Reconstruct a string by reconstructing it.
Check that a pandas index argument is valid.
Login to the virtual machine.
Format a message string.
Write data to a socket.
Return a list of files in the Git repository.
Split url into path and environment.
test grouping by string
Main entry point for the script.
Tries to find a word in the list of possible words.
Create a temporary directory.
Redirect back to the given URL if the domain is in the source domain.
Create an object in the database.
Serialize instance to JSON.
Summary judment of a recommendation.
Read end record.
Logarithm of the logarithm of the gamma function.
Execute queries against SQLAlchemy and return the result.
Parse tagged tokens into a list of chunks.
Load a PIL font.
Change working directory.
Download a tar archive to path.
Delete tags from a node
Test paginated url.
C ++ string.
Use Django auth module to authenticate user.
Formats a playlist.
Get short module name.
Convert a string to its rank.
Return the number of runners in the specified environment
Return a string with the given indentation.
Protect against pause on post processing.
Circularly decimate chpi.
Raises an assertion error if the context terminates with an exception that matches the given regular expression
Yield xml elements from xml tree.
Create a template from a filename and a list of root directories.
Zero triband of a matrix.
Print rulesection code.
Deserialize a base64 - encoded string.
Get the value of a cell.
Write chain text with noun.
Plot a sample normal probability distribution.
Extract the sequence quality and XML string from a FASTA file.
Get cluster or step reason.
Draw event and time lines.
Load private key from a buffer.
Convert emails to a tuple.
Configure a salt minion.
Find the minimum interval of x.
Handle command.
Assert policy shape.
add an offset to the loop and vertexes lists
Get all the cells in the database.
Returns a function that returns a dialect.
Fourier series test for truncated and sigma approximation
Triplet loss.
Solve the linear system of equations a and b.
Update the docstring to include the plugin information.
Format date as HTTP date string.
Add or update inv shipment crud strings.
Create an addon.
Iterate over spider classes in a module.
Write a probes list to a file.
get non private exploration summaries
Get the cudart library.
Test cross validation subset iterators.
Calculate the cup diversity for a single file.
Extract a summary line from a docstring.
Get disk bus for specified type.
Check the cost of all convolutions.
Render a template.
Get the list of season names for the indexer id.
Parse the given XML string and return a new instance of the target class.
Set the databases to use.
Parse indented counters output.
Update the specified revision on the remote repository.
Visualize detections.
Convert a number to a hex string.
Runs the build process.
Sort an array by non - NaN values returning the indices of the non - NaN values.
Draws a dendrogram of the given node
If the symbol is missing add it to memory.
Return True if ref is found in repo False otherwise.
Kick a channel.
Fail if expr1 equals expr2 as determined by the == operator.
Run a restorecon command on the specified path.
Count the number of entries in a zip file.
Read zero or more float pairs from file and return as array.
Insert text at cursor. position.
Create a new grep widget.
Insert x into a sorted list a at position lo.
rc interactive mode
Render modal workflow.
Get the logging level of the request.
Check if the given URL is from any of the given domains.
Convert a directory structure into a directory structure.
Setup a platform.
Compare source spaces.
Prompts the user to enter a manual id.
Iterate over the trigrams of a sequence.
Check if there is a translation for the given language code.
Returns the xmodule for the specified section.
test lexicographical integer representation
Perform a masked coupling on the given input.
Apply style rules to an element.
Exponential bounded exponential function.
Return a string representing a section.
Convert a string to a unicode object.
Write a graph viz. dot file.
Ensure that the named host is present on the network.
Delete a parameter group.
Encode a value as a length - prefixed bytes.
Create a specialized function from the given arguments.
Run the map providers functions.
Acquire libvlc lock.
Return a list of installed packages
Whether to write to the file.
Initialize the configuration from a configuration dictionary.
Run a command in a subshell.
Asserts that httpbin. get requests produces the expected number of requests.
Commits the current transaction.
TChannel thrift client
Convert a BGP ID from inet ptoi format.
Shor test objective function
Return virtual grains as a tuple
Format value according to optdict.
Find all system plugins.
Recursively find all globals.
Returns the arcminutes of the given number of degrees radians and arcseconds.
Split user partitions into sub - partitions.
Make a table stub for the given client.
Show information about a user.
Expand gridsize intrinsic.
Validate the permissions of a node.
Checkout flow authenticated user.
Check if the given path exists.
Update a volume type.
Update response headers.
Sort columns by priority.
Open a response in a web browser.
Put a file on an ftp server.
Link to a user in the project.
Get permission message by permission code.
Iterate over lexer classes.
Generate a unique message id.
Subtract multiplicative expressions from an expression.
Params for inception v3.
Return True if text is valid.
Return the result of applying f to g.
Read a bearer token from a file.
Update a port
Parse type specification.
Test the shape and dtype of a norb file
Parse a timedelta string.
Dump certificate request into a string.
Dot product of a and b.
s3 controller for interacting with canvases
Copy a file to a remote host using scp.
Return grains as dict.
Monitor proxies.
Return the user info cookie data.
Add a linkrel to all links in a document.
Script entry point.
Load the libzmq module.
Get crafted text from archive.
Checks if the given entity is a mapper or aliased class.
Setup python ubuntu for development.
Return count cdlhangingman bars.
Download a file from a URL.
Resume downloading every interval seconds.
Return reverse lower bounded changelog.
Returns the type of the function.
Returns the name of the type of an object.
Run the WSGI application.
Delete all quota usages and reservations for a given project.
Recursively load the context of x.
Check if the given request has a trusted IP address.
End of line.
Check options.
Set response status code message and body to blob size.
Safely join paths.
Parse bond settings and return a dict of bond values.
Sanitize a filename by replacing bad characters with replacement.
Minimize the given response code.
Get all collections on a bus.
Generate client login auth token.
Generate a link to the parent topic.
Convert a second nibble hex string to a string.
Disable warnings.
Get multiple scene exceptions for a given scene name.
Returns True if the course module list contains only chapters
Return count times the output of cdlshortline.
greet a user
Returns the index of the point with the least number of points from the path.
Register all the models in the metadata engine.
Return a raetevent event for the master minion.
Remove leading and trailing whitespace from a URI.
Return a dict of all available interfaces on the system.
Local gemv optimizer.
setup worker optimizations.
Return a generation hash of x.
Add a constant to the builder.
Close the library.
Create a fake cluster object
Set HTTP Expires header.
Check that message extractors are valid.
Parse a time string.
Stop a task slot.
Make a CDF from a ROOT histogram.
Given a list of brands return a list of recommendations.
True if tk is carbon.
Get the name of the service module.
Send a message.
Find the file associated with the given HTTP header.
Partition a predicate over two iterables.
Sanitize html id.
Dynamically import a module.
Crop a title to the specified length appending a suffix if needed.
Enable a ha server
Consume a sequence of decimals and return them as a tuple.
process video files using postprocessor
Get the pointers for the given node.
Upgrade database schema.
install a new app
Check if a sequence is sorted.
Parse a range header.
Render a template and return a response.
Apply a choice task.
Timer helper function.
Parse the command line arguments.
Test the d model.
List blobs on the storage account.
Return an iterator over the records in the file handle.
Convert path to local path.
Convert a string to a boolean.
Apply facts based on provider facts.
Format file size.
Returns the number of nodes in the graph g.
Add a subelement with the given tag with the given value.
Tag star.
Correct the alpha results.
Returns the given number of hours as a float.
Reads an unsigned integer from the stream.
Launch all currently active threads.
Returns True if ansible - filter skipped a particular item.
Compute the harmonic harm of a spherical harmonic.
Returns a list of dirents found in the given buffer.
Encode a sequence of bytes as a hex string.
Return matplotlib figure object.
Get the md5 hash of a file.
Add an item to a query conditionally.
Save test.
Returns a dictionary of course block counts for the passed block url
Load an object from an HDF5 file.
Parse PCI address.
Get the expiry date for an http request.
Check if a list of tuples conforms to a partial ordering.
Get a string representation of a number using the given number of bits.
Convert a HDFS URI to a real path.
Polynomial series.
Set the value of a Traffic Server configuration variable.
Return a dictionary of users that have been removed from a notification.
Check if the lock file exists in the specified directory.
Split generated file name into parts.
Preview a resource.
Prints the type and id of the object passed in the frame.
Get the string representation of a transient sysmeta key.
Create index only query results.
Get the number of days of the year in the current locale.
Return an iterator over bank CDS features.
Returns the current working directory.
Execute queries against SQLAlchemy and return the result.
Format a region name.
Fill up a list of strings with the given line length.
Discretizes the center of a 1D model into discrete 1D models
Annotate two HTML tokens.
Count the number of hits and misses in the ormcache database.
Return the SHA1 of the commit of the package at the specified path.
Calculate the center of the bb.
Unregister a host from a stream
Check for comments.
Returns a tree of nerdtree.
Return a timestamp for the given table.
Context manager that closes the connection when finished.
Test if a value is defined.
step 5 aaq.
Coerce to categorical if array is a categorical array.
Encode as a multipart upload.
Get a colour for a given preference.
Get the crashinfo dir for a host.
Generate a cache key for the given request.
Creates the reg numbers.
Initialize the glance store.
Test scenario with hash within double quotes.
Correlated normal generator.
Return normalized locale string.
Find the previous keyword in the sql string.
Start memory profiling.
Determine the release name for a given directory.
Get command line arguments.
Exponential moving average.
Finds the indentation for the given node.
Update a record in the database
Compute drop - log statistics.
Find GUI and backend.
Get the path to the temp directory.
Create a replication group
Setup the state for the plugin.
set android context
Run a command and return its output.
Return the union of all the immediate nodes of the given iterable.
Test that a package finder installs pre - releases.
Returns True if arg has method.
Returns a human readable string representation of the given time.
Render the current block and return the result.
List products.
Returns a list of changes.
Return the maximum number of slots in the virtualbox.
Returns a list of all clients in the registry.
Get crafted text from archive.
Test flattener layer state separation.
Return distro release information.
Run tadm with the given arguments.
Assert that a callable raises an exception.
Redirect to url with params.
Get child elements by local name.
Modify a host or all hosts.
Remove initial data.
Create a bare error with a message body and optional body.
Automatically assigns the given locals to the instance.
Populate the given line edit with aug text.
Convert a number to its julian equivalent.
Load all metasync sources.
Return the value of an attribute.
Get the current crontab information
Manage mode.
Cython enums as a dictionary.
Check if x is a dummy array.
Roll a vectorized array along an axis.
Fetch a file from a URL.
Set urlconf or remove urlconfs value.
Fix filenames in a list of record tuples.
Encode a mirrored URL.
Create a lenet argscope.
Generate a RST file for the specified module.
Format job instance.
Split a string on unquoted newlines.
Add novel deltas to baseline and non novel deltas.
Walk the revision control tree.
Convert latitude to zone.
Get virtual interface by ip address.
Get boolean value from dictionary.
Return all activities that a user follows.
Connect to a CloudHSM instance.
Extrude a list of files.
Compute the similarity score between two objects.
Runs the unit test suite.
date pl format string.
Remove universal flags from config vars.
Edit a post.
Run a setup script.
Main entry point for ansible.
Given an image and a list of faces highlights the faces in the image.
Returns a list of national number groups for the given number.
Create an scp entry in the specified po file.
Return a random tweet.
Calls the given function with the given arguments and returns a deferred that will be completed when the
Get the size of the console window.
Concatenate multiple strings into a single string.
Turn one or more lights on.
Get the active config key.
List all pagerduty incidents.
Change the status of an activity.
Lift repository dialogs.
Find album by id.
Returns a pycadf. audit. AuditInfo object for the current request.
Get the cluster manager.
Mount cgroups.
Save a model to disk.
Read a file from disk.
Detect if a device is supported.
plot the channel names in the evoked file
Loads libvlc media library
Set video aspect ratio.
Try to fix stdout and stderr streams on Windows.
Check if a path is added to the graph.
Return the number of bytes of space on disk in bytes.
Check if the given header name is a hop by hop.
Greater than or equal to num.
Grep a variable in a file fn.
Converts bytes to a unicode string.
Build a dictionary of vim configuration variables.
Get a new repository.
Returns a dictionary of signal names mapped to their respective signals.
postfix expression.
Append a variable to the make. conf
Read from stdin if stdin is not a tty.
Test conversion of hsl to rgb part 6
Group tokens by order.
Merge two vars into a new one.
comma filter.
Write chain text with noun.
Add a suffix to a filename.
List available images on the cloud provider
gpu elemwise optimizer.
Get a BBB device scanner.
Returns True if dfs does not exist for the given path otherwise False.
Make width property setter
Get nma notification service
Get a list of all known settings.
Get the tolerance for the specified item code.
Start a web server if it is not down.
Get package version from init file.
Return static file path.
Test the flush method of the hist object.
Update an existing security group
Fibonacci function.
Recursively resolve all pdf objects in x.
ridge penalty gradient
Get the current working directory for a process.
Check geom result.
PyOpenGL requires pypengl to be installed.
Create a config parser from a config file.
Create a location for the modulestore
Returns a random number between a and b.
Escape a unicode string.
meetingsubject test.
WSGI application unproxied.
Get the timestamp from the given url.
List active vms.
test the fit of the allknn
Create a group snapshot
Add the current language to the cache key.
Get long description.
Register a profile function.
Create an n - dimensional numpy array.
quo ground function
Tamper a string.
Fits the image to the given width height width and height.
Save local facts to file.
Return whether or not this module is virtual.
Returns a complete badge for the given user in the given course.
Yield crash files and pklz tracebacks.
Returns the abstract for the given div.
Display an image on a screen.
Return an iterator that will yield chunks of the given size from the given iterable.
Return the text of the phrase at the given index.
Returns True if the value of the given variable is greater than the given value
Convert a Form into a JSON dict.
Check to see if a cache subnet group exists.
Run migrations online.
Generate random slices of a given shape.
Parse m3 u8 data.
Run command with no arguments.
Compute error.
Returns a dict with the args and kwargs as keys and their values as values.
Check that the weights are valid.
Zipline path.
Parse a response from a file - like object.
Return a float if n is not a number.
Returns the url to delete a comment.
Create a label for a model field.
Convert date to string.
Run apf command and return the output.
List the first N lines of the ps file.
Delete an option group.
play a WAV file
Alias for request. routepath.
Disconnect a client from the socketio server.
Get files for a given addon guids
Reconstruct a URL from the given WSGI environ dictionary.
Assert that output does not contain text.
Parse an object id and return the key.
test function for curvelinear test
return a list of the craft sequence
CIRS altaz nodist test.
check update with no data
Create a py. io. terminal writer.
Returns True if the given object has a parent.
Plot confounded timeseries.
Remove all indented lines that do not have a string.
Update provider location with new items.
Get a reference to a container view.
Load a library.
Command processor to save images.
Create a response object with the given headers body and status.
Emits a certificate event for the specified user.
Match a flag at the given position.
Release the latest Python version.
Register form.
Get output for a gcode text.
Products endpoint.
Save the desc menu to the database.
Return a Reddit - broke failure message.
Show metrics for a given locale.
Sends a message to the HTTP connection.
One - way ANOVA.
Check if the population is available for the given unit.
Test the atciqd and aticq methods.
Return the volume type specification for the specified type id.
Cancel all API calls.
Returns the total number of windows of length n on the buffers m.
Update supernav when a release is published.
Recursively delete all files in rc object.
Returns a list of all widgets in the system
Check if we re running in a GAE environment.
Compute the mutual incoherence between the relevant and irelevant data.
expect a series of warnings.
Get metadata from a PDB file.
Convert string to integer.
Print bucket ACL.
Default application router.
Add a null handler to the root logger.
match s3db req object
Get recordings by echoprint.
Search for a key in a sequence.
Create a base cipher.
Re - raise a translated exception.
assert num == 0 for str in logical line
Get all payment providers portals.
Create an embedded plot for the given model.
Read port and return port number.
Generate a random group name.
Convert a CFArray to a list of CFTypes.
r Computes a tetragrid from an element node.
Translate long option.
Run tests on the vm.
Determine the metaclass for the given class of bases.
Get the volume type.
Push changes to the remote git repository.
Compute resource volume sum.
Returns a list of tuples containing the command line arguments for the current interpreter.
Fix paths in package data dict.
Restart the named container
HTTP connection wrapper.
capitaine precess from j2000 to epoch epoch.
Get quotas for a project.
Deep copy of dict d1 and dict d2.
Attenuation filter.
Simplification of a graph using theano library.
Join a list of strings into a single string
Create a 5 - layer Tensor type with the given name and type.
Compute the kinetic energy of a velocity vector.
Return the cloned intersection of two iterables.
Profile a function.
Convert a NumPy array to a given dtype.
Returns a key for the given row and column numbers.
IP address validator.
Apply a mapping function to an element.
Return a list of environments exposed on the system
True if stdin is ready False otherwise.
Delete all empty folders in the specified directory.
Babel the locale string.
Multiply a numpy array by a repeated FFT.
Get a dict representation of obj.
Returns True if module shall be skipped.
Create a file client and store it in the context
Compress a KML string.
Join an avatar into a group.
Return whether or not the system is virtual
Format a time.
Suppress warnings for tool load errors.
Given a list of fieldvalues return a list of addresses.
Compares a list of languges to see if they contain the same language.
Load data and return dset.
Generate roots and weights.
Zip a list into a list of lists.
Test the use of the model extension.
Context manager for nested managers.
Write a value to the specified port.
Convert ec2 id to integer.
Set siteurl from settings.
Apply func to each group of a regex match.
Reload scores from the database.
Entry point for the script.
Leave transaction management.
Return the mcode for text without redundant redundant redundant lines.
Test if a rectangle has a small p - value.
Enhance a plugin s domains.
Upload a container or an object to a container.
Make a directory and its parents if they do not exist.
Check that a color image can be censure - d.
Run a command via sudo and return the output.
Validate the actions in the target.
glorot normal random variates.
newline at the current cursor position.
Get xmodule. js files.
XORs a buffer with a key.
Given a list of frags and a list of widths split the frags into multiple lines
Truncate a string to a given length.
Attempt to convert a string to unicode if necessary.
Convert a location to a URL.
Returns True if SGV needs fixing False otherwise
Visit a diagram node.
Returns the difference of the two images.
Get the comments for a tag.
Get user by token.
Strips HTML from a string or iterable.
Run the Hg hook.
Return a tuple of whether or not the string is virtual.
Review a device.
Return a verbose name for a given lookup expression.
Test that symarray works.
Returns the first level directory of the given path.
Attach a volume to a set of values.
Return a list of unique vertexes in loops.
Lists the available interfaces.
Get the class of an object.
Get an option for a given method.
Solve a symbolic abs function.
Python 2. 7 +.
Prompts the user to answer yes or no.
Get limit parameter from request.
Convert an HTTP response object to a response dictionary.
Perform a git pull.
Get the next available ctid.
Wrap an ssl socket.
Logs successful login.
Parse the total storage limit from the given string.
Test numpy. random. random_state. uniform.
Run migrations offline
Get email preferences for a user.
Convert html to latex.
ofproto. ofproto. ofproto. ofproto. Modules
Checkout a shopping cart.
Reset perms for a document type.
Evaluates definitions for the given annotation.
Check if the given value is a simple type.
Resizes the given image to the given side length and returns the result.
Log the number of queries performed at the given point.
Create a simple block from a list of tuples.
Shortcut for id. iddr aidi
Get a single template id by name.
IP address of the remote host.
Execute a single batch of commands.
Get the home directory.
Hashes a list of conda packages.
Check if a file is a text file.
Get the currently active view.
Determine if a point is inline within a loop.
Convert an integer to a long.
Validate the inputted arguments using the lowercase validator.
Truncate fasta sequences to a base position.
Check for parenthesis spacing in a line.
Common LDAP initialization.
Check if vrouter exists and if the interface exists.
Get the version number from pkgin.
Set up the platform.
Transliterate to unicode if available.
Compute the similarity matrix.
Returns a string representation of the given number of bytes.
Inverse of toserialize.
Returns True if the current user has the permission False otherwise.
Recursively get a prototype from a dictionary.
Get or create a user list.
Run packages.
Test consistency with label2rgb.
Return the version of the installed dipy package.
Return the shard of a word based on its MD5 hash.
Returns the mro for this class and all its bases.
Sample n customers and profile them.
Add Bee lamps to a platform.
Unquote slashes in a string.
Return whether or not the system is virtual
trim points in a sff file.
Create an annotated table.
Remove volume type access record.
Show information about an addon.
Create a virtual server
Read a text file and assert that it is readable.
Encrypt data with RSA.
Create a fake k instance.
Read a table with fixed width autocolumn no header.
Delete a volume metadata record.
Parse circ entry into fingerprint and nickname components.
Concatenate multiple tuples into a single tuple.
Increase stream retention period.
Parse a rfc822 - formatted date string.
Return a list of active website users
Split a path into a list of path components.
Wrap input into output.
Get changeset revision label.
Return relativee relative to basepath.
Decode a base64 encoded string into a tuple of timestamps.
Check if the given filepath is hidden or not.
Run a command as a subprocess and return the output.
save stc and read source estimate w
Return the status of the specified job.
Create a new enum object.
add or modify a repo
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
PHYSICAL INFORMATION Section 9. 2. 3
Build the answer dictionary for vsepr.
Return whether or not we re running in virtual mode.
Validate a bitmap.
Returns a list of tiles for the given iht o.
Nltk demo 18 +
Check if a locale is available on the system.
Strip site theme templates from the URI.
Copy a remote file to a bazaar repository
Match two token lists.
Test to ensure that fill value is of the correct type
Get crafted text for a file.
Read an unsigned 4 - byte integer.
Get the package IDs for the specified package.
Get the name of the makefile.
Serialize two items into tabhistory format.
Generate a random integer id.
Test file system enumerations.
Return the apparent position in true coordinates.
Escapes special characters in a string.
Describe a subnet.
Return a distance object or raise an exception.
Set date axis and format.
Train AE algorithm.
Encode a set of values.
Checks if the given object is a nltk. tree. tree. tree instance.
describe dhcp options.
Difference between gcrs and gcrswd.
Return the friendly name for the attribute.
Escape script in text.
Get a new repository.
Extract a member from the archive to the specified path.
Computes the TF - IDF of the input vectors.
Get a file from the filesystem as a string.
Register a formatter class.
Given a list of tagged sentences return a list of sentences.
Convert context dict to string.
Get a class from a module.
Process locks.
INNER JOIN two tables.
No testtools skip decorator.
List members.
Get the inputs and outputs of a rule.
Toggle skill subscription.
Get the notification service.
test string. rfill
Get node and zone information from buddyinfo file.
Validate a bucket name.
Test the pendulum angular momentum.
Returns the entity group for the given reference.
Adds weights to a regularizer.
Returns shape of the tensor t padded left with zeros at the end along the time axis with the
Determines if the current operating system is an x64 architecture.
Test phase slope.
Add a finalizer function to the app.
Generate base64 - encoded cookie secret.
Get spider stats.
Check vt for validity.
Prints out the given data.
Random orthogonal matrix.
Deep copy a dictionary with some keys.
Coerce a path to a filesystem encoding.
Score an estimator on permutation test data.
Update a value in a file.
Context manager that prints warnings for the given database.
Open a pseudo - terminal.
Runs the given script and asserts that it was installed twice.
Test that the world can absorb lambdas.
Check if the user has permission to delete a dictionary.
Return URI from argument.
Check ref format.
Get fake entries for a group.
Make a histogram from a list.
Convert a signal signum to an integer.
Create an instance of the script class.
Return True if the minion is virtual.
Normalize a dict so that the keys have the same length.
Intersect a trust region with a vector.
Expand environment variables in a path.
Test two join nodes for itersource
Parse a string of attributes into a dictionary.
Backup the specified backup id to the specified path
Generate a summary URL for a given resource.
Sort a dictionary by value descending by the variable arg.
Run the promotions.
Extract IDs from a list of lines.
Given a frag index and a list of nodes return the list of partners.
write html table with fill values filled with numpy. ma. masked
Sample data with straps bootstrapping.
Convert an index to a one.
Create a new dashboard
Coerce a port value to an integer.
Pack instance into numa cells.
Test that the user store is the same.
Start a worker thread for the given application.
Static file path.
Check if two variables are the same graph with merge.
test for samp
Return a list of all request states.
Calculate the CRC of a string.
Get typelibs for a given module and version.
List all the nictags on the system
Topologically sort a list.
Prints the current course
Load a tag library.
Erf inverse Rosenblatt transformation.
Send a PUT request.
Revoke an approval for a given token.
Check if x is an integerlike.
Yield tuples of maxima minima maxima letter probs.
Ensure text is unicode.
native set to python list
Return only published entries.
Reinitializes the module by reinitializing it.
Render a page.
Validate repoweb value.
Get the latest episode for a series.
Convert an object to a sequence.
Test ica reject buffer.
Format structs with printf specifiers.
Returns a list of stories parsed from a text file.
Get the abi tag for the current platform.
List all floating IPs on the account.
Saturate a color by a given percentage.
Get method for a resource in a given API.
Creates prefix notification.
Command line tool to read files from stdin.
Send Slack message with return data.
Get the backing memmap for the given object.
Load a subclass of cls for the given platform distribution.
Convert a string from Netlink nl to br.
Remove the specified file or directory.
Causes the process to exit gracefully.
Get the IP address of the request.
Check the status of a service
declarator 2 p t
Return the width of the longest service name.
Configure BGP device.
Test if try import str works
Run multiproc with flag False on a non - daemonized process.
Kill an image.
Start emacs editing mode.
Create a load balancer policy.
View for index page.
Returns geometry output manipulated according to xml element.
DESCRIBE data.
Signed timedelta sign implementation.
Convert a byte string to a signed long.
Get datastore type.
Block average above.
Write chained output to file.
List all the resource pools on this VMware environment
Find the type of subscription to use
Inject injected html into http resp. content.
HMAC - SHA256 HMAC - SHA256 ETag for a given key.
Yield tuples of grouped labels groups colors and data.
Check the number of features on the system.
Bootstrap a theme URL.
Filter the group based on volume attached or not.
Get storage engine.
Safe get a design.
Count the number of items in a collection.
Unban twitter accounts.
Translate a string.
send a packet to a peer and wait for the response.
Rename transcripts.
Return a list of models for the given app labels.
Reply to configured function.
Sanitize a name for use in IAM filters.
Check if a point is a reparse point
Generate an MD5 hash of a password.
Test qt log.
Get all remote methods.
Convert a Ticket object to a tuple.
Reload the configuration from disk.
Add a zone slave to the master device.
Runs the dcos cluster test.
Take a specified number of items from an iterator.
Return a valuation for a list of concepts.
Test empty latest listing.
Split a line into a list of words.
Index page and folder listing.
Collect the columns for the given attribute specifications.
Raise an untested runtime error.
Calculate the bridge direction.
Execute a command on the device.
Test min informative str.
Load a collection from the given configuration.
Disconnect from a monchannel.
Whois domain name.
Create or update tool dependency objects.
Log an info message.
Create a new flowgram file.
Calculate age.
Create a new bloom filter.
Return whether or not we re running in virtual mode.
clausify a clause expression.
Returns True if value < arg.
Export a databook to a string.
Get bandwidth usage.
Matrixal algebra with mathml
Register the language manager.
Convert data from signed to unsigned according to fmt.
Asserts that the output of the command is not None and that the text is not None.
Get element node by its attribute key.
Temporarily fakes stdout and stderr for the duration of the contextmanager.
Delete a scheduled event.
Check that o1 < = o2 < epsilon.
Plot unit points.
Parse a list of hosts into a set.
Get a retention policy for a given database.
Check if coordination backend is configured.
Parse 227 reply
Start a new machine.
Check the fields for validity.
Outputs a JSON object with a suffixed suffix.
Compute the diff between two pipeline definitions.
Get the absolute path to the file associated with the given object.
Returns the distance in meters between the given text and the GCode archive.
Read styles from a directory.
Product of multiple factors
Returns a list of all the media in libvlc
Peak detection of a time series.
Returns a list of objects that match the given regular expression.
Get information about a hypervisor
Generate the CRC - 16 table.
Indent a string.
View semantic page.
Command line tool for moving ship.
Activate or deactivate a certificate.
Show the current settings.
Get the tag of a node.
Create a new head file in a repository.
Return True if path is a symbolic link.
R7 test objective function
Call a command and raise an error if it fails.
Collapse line breaks in a string.
Cross entropy with sparse softmax.
get work by id
Emboss an image using the emboss formula
Recursively touch a file or directory.
Run the SSL handshake.
ARGS cdfvals along the given axis returns the squared root of the distribution
Delete a key from the config file.
Create a pony middleware instance.
Build a request of the form.
Get the barcode and the sequence.
test update follower
Open a window for the given file object.
Create a new cache cluster.
Returns whether the arg num is nullable or not
Convert an integer to a symbol.
Remove files or directories from a blacklist.
Generate a list of random strings.
Create a token store.
Divide two vectors.
Generate a random string of specified length.
Naglog a result to the logger.
Commits the current transaction.
Returns the MD5 hash of a resource.
Create a new channel for a client.
Write frappe docs for a given app.
Format a serial number field.
Find the most recently modified utmp file.
Returns a string of all revisions that have changed since the given changeset revision.
Get all attribute names of an object.
Compute the spectrum of an adjacency matrix.
Regularized Hessian approximation
Generate a generator for streaming change events from a namespace.
Return a directed graph of desargues.
Close connection and print connection dsn.
Iterate over all sockets in the specified module.
Returns the intersection of two sets.
convert to fixed ori
Wrap x so that x is between m and m.
Run the manager on the library and return the list of imported modules.
Get a package name from the desired dict.
Return an anon redirect URL.
Get a dictionary by name.
Returns a tuple of whether or not virtual is enabled.
STATUS ENQUIRY Section 9. 2. 13
Test for multi - line lexing.
Return the grains from the Salt master if the number of grains is equal to the number
Learning level.
Find a web server path based on a description.
Unserialize a JSON - serializable object.
Delete a file from the default backend.
Filter the preconditions of the given classes.
Create a shared sparse tensor shared variable constructor.
Subtracts num from p.
Test box points for quartiles.
Remove hidden settings from a dictionary.
Get text for a model instance.
Install flocker and docker plugins for all nodes.
Test process never started.
Fail if first and second do not refer to the same object.
Softly delete an object.
Recursively urlencode the given value.
Invalidate module pricing cache.
List of available regions.
Return the header of a column.
Compute the entropy of x.
assign assigns the variable s to the variable t num.
Dedent text.
Register a new bundle under the given name.
Return the hash of x using the SHA - 1 hash of dist.
Match time stamps.
Reset user password
Find the indices of the repeated elements in an array.
Guess the format of the given string.
fake run horcm.
Returns true if the element is at the start of the body.
Return a dict of old license ids.
Setup the input cmap.
Summarize activations.
Returns a list of objects for the given category slug.
Class decorator for driver classes.
Finds the start of the alignment.
URL quote.
Start standby and wait num seconds for it to finish.
Run adblock until the download fails.
Inverse of log10. iexp.
Update a gecos entry
Prints an error message to stderr and returns the exit code.
Check if the given MD is a libvlc media.
Modified from pandas. io. loadmat.
Unpack a file from a Link object.
Display a simple message and a button.
Filter by latest downloadable changeset revision that has missing test components.
Parse a URL.
Solve the gth problem using Newton s method.
Update a resource in a zone.
Convert a single API resource to a resource record set.
Return whether or not the system is virtual
Remove all task instances that are part of the specified dag.
Return the frontend url.
unified version of matlab imshow
Check if user has all prerequisites for course
Get device pointer attribute.
Make an inverse operator.
Iterate over all processes in the given memory space.
Convert string to snake case.
get json from requests response
Get the intersection of x.
Insert axis into strides.
Get the list of projects.
Check if two entries refer to the same file.
Decorator to define a callback method.
Generate an image from a numpy array.
Get current theme.
Read a list of values from a registry key.
Get event handlers for the specified event.
Return a list of all enabled and available services.
Main entry point for spyder.
Check that the given field name is in the data fields.
Format the salt generated config file header.
Fetch version information for a given tool shed repository.
Parse cap gis element.
Return a list of pyblame. Application instances.
Return information about a given template.
PAGING REQUEST Section 9. 2. 2
Get fabmetheus version file name
Export a databook as a JSON string.
Get schema for action parameters.
Estimate the log - likelihood from the weights.
Check that the follow file is complete.
Return the joyent node state for the given id.
Format a device.
Return HTTP status code and message.
Get the md5 hash of a file.
Get the application id from environment variable.
Detach a zone from the host
Encrypt data with the given key.
List storage accounts.
Test write invalid toplevel meta data.
Symlink source to destination.
Generate a random number.
Check number of jobs.
Read a link from a file.
Get the current capture log level.
Parse a list of key - value pairs using the Keqv protocol.
load shows from db
check if repo exists and write testfile
Return a key to wait for a mpi action.
Create a directory with a lock.
Add a schema entry to the given add object.
Factory function for decoder.
Convert a date to a datetime object.
Return a transform matrix that centered at the given point.
Print args to stdout.
Find a resource by name or id.
Test that the memory is aligned.
Check if we should profile this project.
Validate that a string has a maximum length.
Forceescape a value.
Returns a list of tuples where the first element is the track id and the second element is
Register a new klass with the given type url.
Takes a date string and returns a datetime. datetime object.
Format an IPv6 address.
Yield tuples of module supported by and status.
Check if the request host is in the whitelist.
Delete user from database.
Welcome page.
Return True if the server is virtual otherwise False.
Canonicalize the node.
Return the last arg of a list.
Generates the translations for the given item.
Return True if the given graph is a threshold graph.
Get account id from arn.
Return count cdlpiercing bars.
Assert that an event meets the datasource protocol.
Update the global vmx path
Return a list of all statically available units
Convert a schema to a dictionary of schemata.
Causes the program to exit.
Polynomial exquo function.
Context manager that suspends edits on a proxy buffer.
Python - specific syntax for struct or union.
Get a ctypes array of given shape and type.
Returns a query that filters documents based on the given filter arguments.
Allocation wrapper for s3 rest controller
Convert a lookup dictionary into a dictionary of URL parameters.
Process xmodule assets
treat dict as machine dict
Print msg to stream and exit with exit code.
Check if a device is mounted on the system.
Return True if the minion is virtual otherwise False.
Determine whether a segment completely in an intersection.
List available languages.
Convert rads to radsec
Tokenizes a thrift literal.
Returns the URL for the given user id and course key.
Test that keyhint. text matches expected text.
Set the value of the ith subtensor to zero.
Scale a value between two values.
A task that returns a tuple of the root id parent id and the task index.
View for detail user.
Create a rule cell.
Get a list of all recursive python directory names.
Build a JSON Schema for the given document class.
Removes the jacket from the container if it exists.
Convert a value to a float.
List the nodes on this cloud.
Sample from a mixture of weights means and std.
currency page.
Verify code in the given revision.
Change the type of the parameter at the current position.
Definition for the translations group
IDENTITY RESPONSE Section 9. 2. 13
Resolve pdf objects until a pdf object is encountered.
Load the user and its roles.
Check if the given config file is safe to write to.
Count the number of records in a BIFF file.
Installs pgi as a module.
Create a deferred that will fail with the given result.
Remove instance info from the cache.
Print equality predicates.
List all available repos
Return a list of doctests for the given test file.
Fetch an option from the configuration.
True version of True.
Anonymize the MAC address of the network interface.
Format a list of arguments as a single string.
Check if system state has changed.
Redirect to the root of the project.
Convert a mobius interval to an interval.
Login page.
Cross product test for numpy. cross
Get support mail.
Parse rfc822 - formatted datetime string.
Convert datetime object to ISO8601 string.
Threshold for Bayesian threshimation.
Read a sequence of values from a RLE file.
Get a node by host and nodename.
Test category links.
Sort a string by its natural sort order.
Set power state.
Close cover tilt.
Extracts a list of key - value pairs from a dictionary of parameters.
Convert a pct value to an integer.
Get the filename of the given object.
Get images table.
upscale image by given ratio
Return the polynomial of degree num in the polynomial f.
Concatenate multiple XML files into a single XML string.
Check correctness of channelwise functions.
Daemonize the current process.
Replay gain mode.
Get audit log entries.
Test a bad module.
Extract image metadata from system metadata.
Stop the salt - run command
Print the job information for a given job id
Start a new thread.
Get port information by device id.
Shortcut for sleep event.
calculate average temperature
Get the thickness of the sheet for the given element.
Test the stockwell API.
Ask the user to answer yes or no.
Read a file and return a list of naughty strings.
Create a client for working with blockstorage.
Convert a datetime object to an ordinal float.
test sympy pi import pi
Render a template and return a 500 error.
Create category objects from a sequence of bits.
Return the filename for a renewal file.
Return all registered collectors.
Returns the number of GPUs on the system.
Return a list of absolute paths to plugins of the given name.
View for nesting exceptions.
Write complex128.
Expand column list to include only columns that are already present in order by.
Test enn. fit with indices.
Check if a topic exists.
Sort an input iterator using heapq.
Get the date of the commit with the given id.
Find the release date for the given xblock.
Return a connection object to the mail server.
Returns the current seed for the program.
Check the requirements file.
Delete thread.
Draft action backend.
Run a test suite.
Inserts a new record into the database.
Get the current viewport.
Update a port.
Generate a random salt.
Read directory changes.
Run step schedule and check learning rate.
Check if an image is present on the computenode
Parse the given module text and return the resulting module.
Raise an exception with the given args and kwargs.
Normalize a version string.
Add crispy addon tag.
Context manager that hides the given attributes from the given object.
Acquire the lock.
Initialize the terrain module.
The studio task.
Returns a sequence of attachments if the number of the attachments is the same as the number of the
Open an error resource.
Return list of polynomial expansions for symbol symb.
Check if cookie is confirmed for given time.
Main loop for sending messages.
Install packages in xbps path
Verify that we can download setuptools packages.
pytest - use htmlinputter instead of htmlinputter. processlines.
Scans a directory or file for videos.
Get the volume of an item.
Print all queries in the database.
Discrepancies grounding.
Return the path to the docuemnt.
Test scenario with inline comments.
Get human resource
Search for a file in a list of search paths.
Return the endpoint address of the given address.
Create a configuration directory.
Get the parents of the given items.
List datasets followees of a user.
Adds the batch axis to a variable.
Print a cuckoo version logo.
Split host into host and port.
Clone a local repository.
Split provision into version number and version.
Replace or append a string to a policy file.
Return the next character after the bracket in the source string at the given position.
List teams in an organization.
note person id REST controller
Returns a list of the current privileges for the current user.
Set CORS middleware defaults.
Yields all files with the given suffix in the given base path.
Show the weights of a model.
Convert naive timestamp to utc.
Get cohorting settings.
Extrude a file.
Get a batch notification listener
Adds a classifier layer to the given network.
Test the prefix of a table.
Check if the given path is a list view.
Check that a gemini version 2 table exists.
Raise an exception if an extra argument is not present.
Calculates the unwrapped ball.
Make a 2D grid from x1 and x2.
Get multiple keys from the memcache.
Test extract array.
Asserts that the given response is coherent with the given status code and body.
Unescape a command string.
Initialize libc module.
Find the base image for a given flavor.
E unit test.
Remove null - refct calls and pairs from a function.
Add glacier checksums to the request headers.
Parse a string or list of strings into a list of colors.
Try to open a request and catch any http errors.
Perform a docker pull of an image.
Test ensure list with CSV format.
Callback function called when a message is received from the remote peer.
Create a virtual bulb.
Remove all mods from pre and post.
Compare two NZF timestamps.
Opens the given path.
Convert a doc id sent and label to json.
Verify that the specified hostname is not known to the specified user.
Merge all files in source folder to destination folder.
test description on long named feature
Find a package and register it in the registry.
Update universe.
Attempts to return the endianness of the given type.
Find the nearest point in x along axis.
Print confusion matrix.
Convert a list of tuples to a dictionary.
Get a list of all EIPs associated with an account.
Dump a Python function into its pickle format.
Unpacks uint8 values from an array.
A blank line.
Send a message to the listeners.
Destroy a node
Read a configuration file into a dictionary.
Extend a salt extension.
Decorator that marks a function as overloaded.
Group messages by class and id.
Shorten a string if it is longer than l.
Find the index of the closest point to the given point.
Get the indent word of the source code.
Convert a datetime to a timestamp.
Feature selection algorithm.
List all floating IPs
Include debug information in the context.
Returns true if the address belongs to the IPv6 subnet containing the given prefix and length.
Get current oauth settings
Add a user to a list.
Combine multiple parts into a single ws string.
Discretized Jitter coordinate.
Check if the current environment is frozen.
Build all the HTML and latex files.
calibration matrix for my calibration
Rank data.
Main entry point for the markdown program.
AR1 log - likelihood.
Test the lexeme lt.
Imports a CSV file into the database.
Convert a string to a slug.
Return the test suite.
lixian extend links command
Render a template to a string.
Return a list of directories to search for library files.
Create a UDP packet.
Swaps two rows of a matrix.
Print a progress bar to stdout.
Handle an internal error.
Floor the values of a matrix.
Concatenates lists into a single list.
Get information about an object.
Check if l is a list.
Causes the given coroutine to terminate and returns the exit code.
Recursively add and multiplicative fusion.
Get all inactive registration IDs from APNS.
Check if the key is expired.
Validates a configuration dictionary. Returns a tuple of a boolean and a string.
Find the ancestry of the given path.
Sends an email to anyone who wants to change their access status.
Start a gluster volume
Get the number of phones in the system.
Remove pyc and pyo files
Search for a missing argument.
Resolve a document by id.
Initialize the module.
Log an exception.
Run decompiler.
nova localization.
Test smoteenn with bad ratio
Load default and user configuration.
Convert a list of bytes to an integer.
Parse update rule.
Calculation of the log density of the spherical distribution.
Extract a zip file to a directory.
Return a WSA string for the given operation.
Returns True if arg is vim object False otherwise.
Return True if atrun is enabled
Get all subpackages of a package.
Get migration bot username.
Rollback and close the database.
Validate imdb person id
Check that uuid works.
Get access token from OAuth2 code.
Return the number of bins containing the Freeman diaconis.
Set the expiration time of a key.
Render a template to a string and write it to a file.
Verify that certificate is valid.
Perform a random sample of num partitions using repeated computations.
Find the intersection point of two spheres.
Install a readline hook.
Try to connect to ipv6.
Check if a port is open.
Create a WSGI application.
Build a package from a local file.
Find a module in the current directory.
Parse a list of RGB tuples into a single rgba tuple.
Strip groupname from string.
Create a disk from a distribution.
Calculates the log likelihood of a given nb given an observation.
Create a dashboard if it does not exist.
Create a new canvas.
Initialize and run a test.
Return the MD5 hash of a word.
Prepend the scheme netloc and path of a URL to the beginning of the URL.
Pluck a field from a list of rows.
Return a list of all theme dirs.
Return the literal value of a node.
Show a key hint.
Create heavy job element.
Get the uplink portgroup object for the given portgroup name.
Get parent module from globals.
Verify that a bucket is writable.
Register file extensions.
unicode to unicode
Check if the argument is a valid URL.
Set the chost variable.
Summarize activations.
Return network statistics.
Refine a value to its lower case equivalent.
Find the scene absolute number for the given indexer id and absolute number.
Test the performance of oss.
Check if the given method is a static method of the given class.
create game state from sgf file
Callback for gen client lib.
Set ssl certificate.
Create a WSGI application.
Strip prefix from device name.
List all available nameservers.
Convert a 6 byte IPv6 address to a string.
Query the database for the given model.
Sort a list of records in chunks.
Create a directory tree from a list of files.
Returns a string representation of the tree rooted at root.
List the containers on the minion
Get instance name.
Register the command to edit and execute.
Return the ARN for a given name.
Set the position of a media player.
Dummy vm create spec.
Load summary protos from memcache.
Alternative version of urllib3. connection. sslwrap
Discriminant logarithmic approximation.
Returns True if the set of nodes is an independent set of the given nodes.
Returns a blit. bitmap for the specified layer.
Get the id of a virtual namespace.
Login and financial assistance page.
Remove a site from srvmgr
Return a semver - compatible version string.
Check the status of the named service.
Parse a version string.
Multiply two dimensions.
Return the language object.
Return the string representation of a webattack vector.
Compute regularization.
Make a query request
Return a dict that indicates that the named index template does not exist
Create a q. QPalette with the given colors.
Check if a link is available on the system
Outline a caret.
True if type is string
Parse a GID.
Return True if the environment contains a standard string.
Register the language manager.
Return a snapper instance for a given jid
Return the number of cores on the system.
Test consistency with cpu serial.
Write contents to a file.
Returns a numpy array of at least num dimensions.
Check the output of a command.
Run command line test.
Task time slot page.
test wt fit of allknn
Get the size of a file.
Return s3 subscription controller.
Find executable in current working directory.
Filter a harrisim array to return only the points with the given distance.
Encode a single topo.
Pickle a Python object.
Set logger level to warn.
Validate device and partition.
Get a list of urls for messaging.
Truncate alert to max bytes.
Returns the path to the native binary.
Convert 7 l7777 to 8 l7777.
Recursively sublists a list of dictionaries and lists.
Get the version number of the rar archive.
Backwards - compatible reverse.
Redirects the user to the specified location.
Test scenario post email.
SSH key management page.
Default load function.
Edit codemirror component and save it.
Tag to render an icon for a boolean field.
Returns a list of SQL statements that should be flushed to the database.
Upload an optimized version of an image stream.
Loop over the audio.
Invert quadratic matrix
Yields all lines of code from the specified target source file.
Main entry point for the script.
twitter inbox page
List users belonging to this account.
Destroy a vm.
Write data to ascii file with header.
Return True iff w is a dyad weight.
Check if an object is in a nested list.
Bump version.
Convert a value to a MongoDB document.
Check if user is logged in.
Parse the response content.
Validate a read preference.
Execute the specified plugin.
Check that the estimator is correct.
Load the ldconfig cache if not already done.
Compare two polynomials using the LBP algorithm.
Make a list slug from a name.
Parse a version string.
Return virtual name as a tuple.
Return the intersection of two lists.
Serve document as JSON.
Import a module by its fully qualified name.
Returns a list of primary key column names for the given model.
MODIFY packet.
Swap the xapi host in a URL.
Extracts a snapshot from disk using qemu
Returns a sparse matrix that is the difference between a dimension and a given axis.
Get domains from certificate.
Check if a symlink exists and has the specified permissions.
define servers from config file
Return the number of physical cpus.
Setup the platform.
Reopen the zpool
Quit application.
Find qt5 qml plugins binaries in the specified directory.
Check if nupic bindings are installed.
Stage a platform - specific HPP.
Send data to a netlog file.
Check if a dhcp options exists.
Create a test blob.
Returns a list of positive integers.
Highlight an HTML tag.
Return a new derivation node with the given prefix and length.
Test ad hoc coverage.
Add the stats to a report section.
Hazard output controller
Copy transpose test for multidimensional arrays.
Disconnect from the API.
Remove old versions of the library from the database.
Get the value of a template.
Remove handlers from the application.
Get crafted text from text.
Add help to menu.
Generate a graphsize report.
Find all autosummary files in a list of files.
Check if html is valid.
Import a module or skip it if it is already imported.
Run a bunch of queries and return the results.
Get the exercises for the given user.
Generate include paths based on specified header and extra directories.
Setup the platform for flux led.
Definition of the Wilks - Wilks equation.
Invalidate a set of string dtypes.
Return the label for a field.
Update a plex library.
Register the language manager.
Entry point for the backup script.
Convert ordinal float to datetime. datetime.
Show the affinity group properties
Transliterate from one string to another.
Read the checksum of a file.
Mute a string.
Verify that a user is signed up.
Strip leading and trailing whitespace from a string.
Check if a path is an unsaved path.
Report an unknown attribute.
Get a session object.
Convert datetime to protobuf timestamp
Generate a random hex uuid.
Wrapper for ndb. toplevel.
unary expression 2.
Return the content of a cached file.
Random unicode array of given size filled with unicode characters.
Stop the inspector.
Compare two sequences of channels.
Get all the parms for a service.
Returns true if the xblock has children that are visible to specific content groups.
Generate random strings of length nchars.
Update bandwidth usage.
Create a base cipher.
Call a xenhost plugin.
Convert the XML representation to Core ML format.
Convert lists dicts and lists to strings.
Runs the management feed demo
Create a testing engine.
Run condor submit.
Remove all samples from a directory.
Factory function for decoder.
Return a fake site name.
Prints the name of the signal and the arguments.
Unpack epochs into a list of epochs.
Parse a method descriptor.
Check if the given name is available in the system.
Remove a message from a channel.
Renders an HTML representation of the inheritance diagram.
Converts a string representation of a value to a list of strings.
Assert that the given clock is idle.
Check Paypal ID validity.
Prints a list of strings to stderr if they are available.
Get the list of sidebar announcements.
Get complete key.
Make saucelabs capabilities.
Return a tuple with a boolean and the virtual name
Test the sip function in a FITS header file.
Check if a genotype is a puiseux
Create a list of dicts from colnames and rows.
Create an editable list form.
make a list of lists each with the same number
test attribute empty
Read the shape of a BTI file.
Normalize and reduce paths.
Return OS name and OS ID for a given flavor.
Find the node between the given source node and the target node.
Return the size of the output buffer for a given interface.
diff - expand link.
Fix xml string.
Return the shortest path from a list of locations.
Fail if the ratio is not valid.
Return the number of items in a queue.
Generates a name for the specified module.
Set the mtu for the specified device.
Return the URL for the given page and anchor.
Start the worker.
Convert HSV values to RGB values.
Returns a list of complex helix paths.
Returns a list of the active children of the current process.
Return s3 trackpoint object
Returns a list of the basenames of each file in filelist.
Render a label.
Make a sparse eye.
Discard the body of a response.
Make a suite from a Hist object.
Restrict a dataset to a given fold.
Get datasets.
Delete a task from the memcache.
Get a volume taskflow.
Checkout the project directory and verify that it exists.
Get the weight of the block.
Split a string using shlex.
Labeled statement.
Write data to fd and close fd.
Generate a set of random names.
Return a dictionary of all the modules state grains returners and pillars in the specified environment
Set up the platform.
Destroy a volume.
Check if x is an arraylike object.
Create a new meta - resource
Decompose a power rat expression into a base and exponent
Create a private ip.
Return the version string for the given version object.
Return True if the given request matches the filter.
Parse the ssh - pw line
Add vectors to vocab.
Check if image name is valid.
get social auth object
Load build configuration from backends and plugins.
Create a tensor of the specified dimension.
Get the salt interface from the config
Determine whether or not this environment is virtual.
Download a webpage to a local file.
Returns the executable for the given process ID.
Return an unhandled exception message.
Unpickle a model.
Return the full url for a given server.
Memoized version of is.
Check for gzipped data.
Returns the value of the specified attribute with the specified value.
Get mirrors from config.
Return ssl adapter class.
List the contents of a queue.
Return the absolute path to the given absolute file.
Check paths.
Flatten a series of applications into a flat series
Get the application ID for the given ios.
T standard deviation dlldy - less accurate version of tstd
Add a new segment to the powerline.
Get a configuration option by name.
adds the token and prec to tokenlist
Checks if a user id exists.
Resizes and resizes the given image.
Return a generator for all signed dtypes.
Wrapper for the predict method of a regression model.
Run a WSGI server on the given port.
Validate a sound.
Tamper a string.
Delete filesystem.
Return True if the given node is a private variable.
Format data and print it to out.
Move a file from one S3 location to another.
Initialize console logging.
Encode attachments to base64.
Blend multiple columns together into one.
Setup supervisor configuration.
Find index of first occurrence of x in array a.
Assignment operator.
s3 facility controller
Execute a runner on the master
Compare two dictionaries and report the differences
Yield tuples of record index record and partition ID.
Wraps the traceback. format_exception function.
Get weather data for a specific location.
Processes the archivables of the given element.
Returns a list of students for the given student batch
Set the load balancer policies for a backend server.
Remove all variables from the current context.
Refine an expression.
Add a package to the registry.
Initialize a HTTP API object.
Create a filter for tasks
Serialize a type with the given accessor and typeattrs.
Fail acquire settings.
Sends an order email.
Decode base64 encoded string to huge task payload
Generate a random filename.
Return host and port from URL.
Return the package list from the REST API.
Post match handler.
Main entry point for the OS.
Return the number of files in chunksize chunks.
URL for a given bug.
Base64 encode a string.
Generate a sha1 hash for the given object type and chunks.
Expand environment variables and user home directory.
Get the local service object for the given name.
Check if the given fieldname exists in the given data.
Create a topic.
Stages a task.
Return netstat information for Linux minions
Restrict dict to only contain keys in keys.
Top level service parser.
Convert an exception to a tuple of type value traceback object.
Returns the power of a normal given the effect size nobs alpha and sigma.
Generate a SQLAlchemy password based on a password and salt.
Return a configuration object.
Return a safe string representation of an object.
Add two images together.
Match metric.
Get the list of available locales.
Test the division of two scalars.
Create a keyparser instance.
Create a glance metadata entry for a volume.
Get month number by month name.
Format a value as a string.
Rosenblatt transformation.
Main entry point for the freeview command.
Add an organization course.
Get default site.
Download and build a setuptools - compatible egg.
Show all user flags for a given slug.
Compute error rates.
Cartesian to polar conversion.
Create a thinpool and volume
Get latest downloadable repository metadata.
Make a mock request to the requests library.
Verify that the named salt function does not exist.
Create a constant of one.
Process an xml element.
Return the absolute version of the given path relative to the given host.
Initialize the module for signing.
test univariate normal distribution
Updates the unread queries for the given inbox.
Create an identity matrix of length n.
Evaluate float by keys.
Receiver for job approval signal.
Get the training model.
Crop an image to a square.
Return the profile object for this user.
Get memory information.
Run the shell.
List all xrds providers.
Send arguments to spyder
Temporarily enable named atomic operations.
Prints the remark to the log.
Return the current day of week.
Split low tag into state id name fun
Expand or shorten Gitio URL.
Write data to a file.
Reverse a path.
Get the secondary language for the current site.
Get account by email address.
Responds to the request with a list of module objects.
Parses a simpleflake file.
Parse streaming media JSON object.
Compute the gemm function at the node outputs.
Write data to stdout.
Parse game player stats
Colorize a string.
Main entry point for the script.
Return the root directory for the zipline environment.
Set memory limit.
Return the value of a SQL table or table name.
Parse localename into a tuple.
Check if x is an iterator.
Temporarily remove handlers for the specified logger.
Render a value with the given context.
Function that prints a string and returns the number.
Show the details of a keypair
Unzip a list of lists into a list of nout lists.
Check if an image is extendable.
PEP8 format test.
Detach a load balancer from a load balancer
Parse a list of stories.
Return virtual grains
Make API call
Download a file.
Get the last num words from a list.
Stop the geoserver.
Return a list of tuples for each path component.
Set the selinux module state
Runs the rvm command with the specified version.
Call thing with context if it is callable.
Variance of directional variance of a time series.
Wrap a function in an astroid object.
Count the number of messages stored in the cookie.
Extract path and query from full url or request. url.
User directive.
Given a list of version strings return a list of version windows.
Remove a section from the ini file.
Set debug mode.
Remove targets that depend on other targets.
Return a boolean indicating whether the marker is invalid.
Pack an object into a list.
Format a fastq record as a string.
Collapse consecutive spaces in a string.
Tkinter error handler.
Check that the given cache policy headers match those expected by the policy.
Get Poetry Library client
Test human readable formatting.
Add a ratelimit rule to the global rules list.
Delete empty folders.
Finish epochs by concatenating data
Return the mine data for the minion
Filter iptables output by regex pattern.
Read a julian array from a file stream.
Decode a UTF - 8 string into a unicode string.
Check if connection is dropped.
Reduce the number of rings in a channel.
Obtain OS version from show version string.
Quote a string for inclusion in a URL.
convert string to comment and quote it
Add domain.
List users.
Test two model instance arithmetic 1d.
Load all certificates in a directory.
Emulate hscan.
Return l as a hex string.
i see the set of dates.
Return a string representation of a table.
Resolve a symbolic link.
Given a base64 - encoded string inflate it into a list of bytes.
Unicode quick rank.
Parse authentication header.
Squeeze x along axis.
Clear password for a server.
XOR of two words.
Read a map from a file.
Create a temporary file.
Get gcd project.
Set the value of a field in a document.
Return the path to a jail
Reload a module.
Convert locale to language code.
Return the name of the last path component.
Regression test.
Subtract a constant from the spherical bessel function fn.
Openshift loadbalancer backends.
Enable or disable all objects in list objects.
Update the woeid.
Copy the state of the future from the source future to the destination future.
Update the parameters with the given bools.
Normalize a script so that it is installed with vcs.
Return locale code.
Resize an image.
Decode a BSON timestamp to python datetime. datetime.
Prepend the http protocol to the value if necessary.
Find credentials from environment variables.
assemble error status
Create a new lineage for the given testfile.
Extracts the negotiate value from the response headers.
Check user session.
Convert max size to an integer.
Get the current loop positions.
Print the installation summary.
Returns the duration in a human readable format.
Manage the salt environment.
Configure logging module.
Add a header to the message.
Convert a range of IP addresses to a list of network addresses.
Decode a base64 string into a list of integers.
Test client options.
Get a network by its CIDR.
Test the implementation of erfinv on a gpu.
Make tags in AWS format.
Resets the global session object.
Find all line numbers that start at the start of the code.
Sends product alerts.
Update a target if it is outdated.
test parse null as none
Print warnings for nonexistent targets.
Resets all warnings.
Return True if running on netbsd.
Percentage of tests to be broken.
Greatest common divisor.
Looks up an encoding. Returns None if the encoding is unknown.
Create a branch in the local repository.
Get the version number from the config file.
Get the host of an IP address.
Calculate the primative curr of a set of coils
Check if a new version of a package was installed.
Return the options for a returner
Asynchronously call a command.
Create a cascade from the given conf.
Delete a draft message.
Return a copy of f with all the normals removed.
Borrowed from django. contrib. admin. utils. intcomma
Finds the parent of the element with the given tag.
Prints a debug message for the given arguments.
Convert a hex file to binary.
Get Openshift version from environment variables.
Get a document controller for a doctype.
Create a neural network model.
Duplicate a libvlc media object.
Update a floating point number.
Teardown test.
Create a new key entity.
Peeks a file from the filesystem.
Determine if a node s title is acceptable.
Create a link to a KEGG database.
Remove the specified sysrc file from the system.
Parse a Subject object into a dictionary.
Map a ROI - pooling function name to the corresponding ROI - pooling function.
Send status updates to TVDB.
Edit coordinator of a dataset.
Configure the platform.
Load a dictionary from a tar file
Ports all entities into the given datastore.
Return True if d1 < dt < epsilon and False otherwise.
add a blank line at the current position
Get the name of the current branch
Add together a list of functions from a sorted list.
Apply a softplus transformation to x.
Install twisted. internet import k
Cast a message to a specific topic.
Index take.
Get all documents for the specified locale.
Return list of tuples of image id and label.
Convert text to word sequence.
Add an integer function to the libvlc module.
Perform a smooth step between two edges.
Remove the specified package from the system.
Yield tuples of args and mydict.
Return the list of disabled minions for the specified minion
Add a new mpd playlist.
Determines if the page is a 404 page.
Determine if the given title is a series episode.
Insert default options into sys. argv.
Update a single contact with the same name.
Compile a list expression.
Clear the placeholder cache for the specified language and site.
Crypt pyherion code
Saves a forum role.
A simple task that runs in the background.
Return the number of previous media in the player s list.
Check if the system is running on the network.
Teardown the temporary test directory.
Get the max age from a response.
Check the dependencies of the hosts in the job.
Create an entity in the graph.
Does the given ipaddress resolve to the host?
Return True if expr has a simple delta at the given index.
Return a function that returns the notepad pages.
Remove user from sqdb
Run karma.
Inverse of id. idd.
Find the boundary number of a multipart post.
Register a serializer for a given format.
Returns the pants Scm object.
Checks if the given discussion id can be accessed by the given user.
Create a git repository where the egg is not installed.
Load a package s dependencies.
Obtain a certificate from the system.
Generate a random challenge.
Record payment info.
Match template filename.
Tamper a string with a random string.
Cumulative standard deviation cdf.
list 2 p enumerators
Split code at the show line.
Remove extra characters from extra and convert to lowercase.
Generate art for the asin of an album.
Request a resource restoration for the given fid.
Greatest common divisor.
Return a random string.
test gmail missing trash folder
CM SERVICE ACCEPT Section 9. 2. 13
Shorten a message body.
Get a URL for a batch job.
Load lib using pycryptodome.
List all members without MFA.
Merge a small set of segments into a larger set of segments.
Find a module by full name.
Extract entities from a template.
Run the backward kill word command with the given arguments.
Check if file name is an archive file.
Read a character list from a text file.
Clean quote and condition data.
test greater than one prior
List of groups.
Apply operators to e and return the result.
Encode a float.
Remove a module from the system
Return package data.
mass index page
Recursively assign a list of dictionaries to a list of dictionaries.
Generate a list of statements that describe the path between two rules.
Add the mtime attribute to every node in the document.
Create the default config dir if it doesn t exist.
Concatenate lists into a single list.
Create a figure.
Plots histograms.
Randomly sample a sphere
Defines a hug global directive that applies globally
Create a trials instance from a list of trial documents.
Returns the XML representation of the end geometry.
Perform one level prefetch for one or more related objects.
Unsharpen an image.
Return the sigmoid function of x.
Extract architecture from image meta.
Get the parts of a path.
Get a resource from the cache.
Disable tracing.
Recover constants from the source code.
Summary of a worker.
Return stylesheet list from settings. stylesheet.
Check if the given node is an astroid. name ancestor of the current class.
Return the type of an object.
Create a new python collection.
add loops to intersections
S3 REST resource type.
Subtract two numbers.
Run command on multiple app servers.
Check the status of a qdatastream.
Prune stale cached pafs and streams.
Returns a list of all available services.
Parse Django admin options.
grab certbot log
Submit a request to the API.
Combine sections that share a common name.
Iterate over a range of bytes from a file - like object.
Load data and labels.
Save the content to the store.
Return True if the session cookie is present in the response.
Write chain text with noun to file.
Return the fields of an object that are primitives only primitives and composites only.
audit changes on accounts and monitors
quopri encodes the payload of a message.
Transfer the closest path from one coordinate system to another.
Check if translation can be committed.
Run xmllint on a file and show results.
Yield all subdocuments of a document.
Return a new retty reference.
Remove all keys from the database.
Get the value of an input element.
Returns a list of SASL mechanisms in the XS.
Check if connection has method with given name.
Verify user s email.
Register filter for string literals.
Accept or reject an invitation.
Convert a value to float. If conversion fails return default.
test reconstruction of zeros
Deserialize count specs.
Returns a DIMACS DOT expression for the given variable.
Log a line of information to the logger.
Returns a dictionary of functions for the given proxy.
Get a list of colors for a given key.
Return the sum of a boolean field.
Given a 3D path return the maximum vector3.
Truncate a polynomial.
Get the Hadoop prefix from the Hadoop bin path.
Unregister a class loader.
Create a l - format file from a plinke file.
Restart project project server.
Load data from pickle file.
Reshape x to keep shape along axis.
Run the network and write the results to the writer.
Returns a reStructuredText representation of the given address.
Get a specific subscription for a document class.
Redirects the user to the specified URL.
Remove a database from the database.
Unescape a string for use in regular expression.
Download a website by id.
Test zsh completion.
Set the nodetype for the environment
Generate project cert subject.
Return a new derivation node for the given element.
union of p and p [ num ].
Return the name of the absolute value of a cell.
Get current user.
Create formatters from a configuration file.
View an equity.
Move key k from d1 to d2.
Create a line edit widget and add it to q.
Set the image dim ordering.
Create vmdk spec.
Get the soap interface for the appscale db.
Return the stat information for a given process.
Build a sdist from a python package.
Generate the readme from the samples.
Find the creation sequence of a graph.
Read GAF byproteiniterator from file or stdin.
Decode num bytes from stream starting at offset.
Read authorized keys from filepaths.
Request a resource by its SHA1 hash.
Create a temporary ca file from an anchor list.
collectd stat function
Check if the given exception is an HTTP unavailable error.
Set the percentage text.
Run a test server.
Check if the length of the value is less than the argument.
RELEASE complete net to ms.
Check the validity of a set of options.
Iterate over all children of the given object.
Return True if name is lower case and False otherwise.
Get the hosts file
Quiet mode.
Get module cache.
Get the link to attach to a document.
Github repository hook.
Format a date as a string.
Labeled statement 2
Log bugdown error.
Add a comment to the discussion page.
Get metadata from HTTP response headers.
Create a public key from a file.
Return the HCC matrix of the given Hessian.
Unzip a file into chunks.
Select a subset of a series.
Register the language manager.
Return the issue line for the given issue.
Generate state tag.
Get RDP data from server.
Find empty alt tag.
Try to refresh beacons
Check for uri param.
Returns a compiled regex object for the given query.
Enable deprecation warnings.
Decode a query string from a URL.
Get the source code for an object.
Verify that pip is not installed always from cache.
Create a form field with a text field.
Check if the given name is valid.
Converts a dense or sparse tensor to dense.
Add an entry to the network interface.
Volumes list.
Tensor foldr with an initializer function.
Set repository to a specific line in the file.
Search for a package using pip.
Add a collar shaft to the mesh.
Delete all objects in a bucket.
Runs the operating system standby.
Returns the complete course mode for the given course and enrollment
Compress body with zlib.
Read a cached file.
If folder exists and is a folder returns one file or folder. Otherwise returns None.
datetime. datetime. combine with current timezone.
Test if the value is a mapping.
Command line tool.
View function for listing orders and statuses.
Read a code object from a pyc file.
Check if snappy is installed.
Return the name of the file at the given path.
Test the wavefront calculation.
Reverses the bits of the given 64 - bit integer.
Return the cosine of x.
Consume all subscriptions for the given topic
Convert dict to string.
Detach a network interface.
Ensure that a stack does not exist
Plot a pdf.
Configure a client for a given service.
Parse HTTP headers.
Consume a queue.
List the nodes in the graph.
Capture a hold transaction.
Determines if a module name should be kept.
Remove double quotes from a string.
Khatri - Karama test.
Given a set of transitive closures deduce a set of alpha implications.
List available languages.
Return a list of transversals for a given base and gens.
Get the geometry output for the given element.
Get the public key for a vm
Get number of preset presets.
Sanitize separators.
Downgrade all the columns of a migrate engine to a specific migration type.
Validate ascii metadata.
Check if URL is unique.
Set up the platform.
get or create sjson for speeds
Returns the hostname of the machine.
Return whether or not the virtual name is available on the system
Parse multipart headers.
Return the user s group ID or none.
Compile all template files in a folder and save pyc files.
Statistical test of two values.
Excel date from time tuple.
Adjust the dimensionality of the given target shape.
Rotate a list to the right.
S3 CRUD for sending messages to an outbound gateway
Return a string representation of the given value.
Add an event source.
Commit any pending reservations.
Sends a flowgram to a socket.
Boolean should not prevent rendering of other columns.
Update db in xbps db directory
Decodes a string using the specified encoding.
Create the certificate chain.
Cumulative distribution function.
current line number
Attempt to copy original to derived if it is out of date.
Build the path from node1 to node2.
Set the password of a key.
Read a set from a string.
Refresh the database.
filter sff file
Raise HTTP error with given status and message.
Notify systemd daemon process
Open explorer for given filename.
Test iforest s sparse classifier.
Callback function for menus
List all datastores for this VMware environment
Downcases the next word in the document.
Get a list of usernames for a list of users.
Get a continuous query from the specified database.
Create an image
Piecewise 0123 function.
Convert a CXF string to an XML string.
Return social auth backends.
Get the current backend.
Convert an object to ANSI escape sequences.
Convert cell range to rowcol pair.
Load data from the internet and return it as numpy array.
Unpack open direct tcpip.
Get the sides of a sphere with the maximum radius.
Return True if bson is valid False otherwise.
Checks if src is a valid source file. If it is a valid source file it will be
Sends an e - mail to a user.
Prints the command line.
Return s3 image with given id.
Initialize POSIX environment.
Tensor proximal operator.
Memoize glance id.
Recursively copy files from src to target node.
The todo test.
Substitutes the module name module name and module name in the given string.
Deploy certificate to domains and verify certificate
Convert sequence to bytes.
Recursively find the latest subclass of a class.
Return a list of all synonyms of a word.
Filter non json lines.
Save the model stats to disk.
mkdir - p path
Find variant by template and args.
Redirect to S3.
Generate a random salt.
Extract subrois from a timeseries file
Send a signal to a running process.
Pause animation for interval seconds
Convert bytes to str.
Get a port number that is not available.
Test conversion of an RGB color to HSL.
Compute the standard error of an array along an axis.
Return the line number of the given function.
Loads a checkpoint from a directory.
Convert a timestamp to a string.
List all schedules.
Perform the covariance M step for full modeling.
Moment of a list of numbers.
Read labels file.
Random normal probability distribution.
Get the application currently running in the calling module.
Sample a regular model.
Command for resize subcommand.
Start a TLS server on the given port on the given reactor.
Returns the target of the comment form.
unload a module
Update a quota for a project.
Check if text is a keyword.
Run pylint in pyreverse.
Check if the given checknode is completed.
Return a list of unique 1 - dimensional values.
Start statsd if statsd is installed.
Normalize a language tag.
Compute the serial correlogram for a series.
Wait until stderr stream starts with prefix.
Like lstrips but for strings.
Try to delete from backend catching and logging unsupported backends.
Returns the current memory usage on the machine.
Disable the service with the given configuration.
Pick authenticator plugin.
List public IPs.
Executes SQL against the database.
Draws a regular polygon.
Make a violin plot.
Get action by request id.
Unregister a handler function.
breadcrumb test.
Returns the index of a media item in the media list.
Allows the user to edit a thread.
Runs the product partition example.
Return list of available translations.
Convert a JSON time to a datetime. time object.
Create a dbus collection.
test that symmetrized test raises value error
pick eeg position from coordinates.
Write credentials to file.
Test the workflow workflow for identity join and sum.
Exponential multiplicative multivariate log - likelihood.
Add a bearer token to the request body.
Format and report flaky tests.
Delete an ACL grant.
Get the properties of a device.
Make a discrete source space.
Get the comment format
Flatten a message to a string.
Get components from a key.
Parse the Accept header.
Listen for connections and start listening for connections.
Validate that the value is of the given type.
Decode a single result.
Runs the specified command with the specified arguments.
Raise an exception if the given path does not exist.
Get the group avatar URL.
Overlapping slices with different dimensions.
Returns True if all elements in the list are gm id.
Get a mask dtype and max value from an object of values.
Escape special characters in a text.
Test against JPL horizons.
Handles foreign key constraint violations.
Test the fit method of the near miss class.
Test approve addons approve files no review type.
Canonicalize a local join operation.
List DNS entries for a domain.
Try to convert a value into an enum.
Check if the current OS is OpenBSD.
Move a file or directory.
Download a file from a URL.
Build all library recipes.
Get related topics from section div.
Change the subtitles finder frequency.
Run tests for a django project.
Create a task message from a TaskSignature instance.
Unquote a header value.
Create a controller node and update its ip.
Check if a process is active.
get component by name
Get the names of the init processes for the given nodes.
Compare the channels of a list of candidates and drop the channels that are common between the candidates.
Start working on a queue.
Configures the pyplot object with the given options.
Rotate 90 degrees.
Return the month index for the given year and month.
Try to convert the value to an integer. If that fails return the default.
Copy and verify the current working directory.
Build a multipart message.
Unfollow a user.
Parse a query string.
Serialize Allocations for consumption.
Create a time mask for the given times.
Return True if text is a valid URL.
Emulate makedirs.
Fetch seed from config. unittests. rseed.
Get all virtual interfaces.
Returns a list of filenames for the given HTML file.
Returns True if the given kwargs match the given cron expression.
Convert from temperature to RGB.
Get the milestone for a prerequisite.
Raise value error or a biopython warning.
Recursive object reducer.
Determine if the given filters should be sharded based on the given property range.
Return True if a is a task module.
Try to open the specified file. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Check if two values are equal.
Wait for a server to be listening on port.
Extract the root domain from a domain string.
Return information about the system.
SciPy or SciPy norm diffusion.
Computes the centrality scores of x.
Check if path p is a directory.
Validate scale values.
Return a countgraph object loaded from a file.
Remove redundant terms from a list of terms.
Create a new reference group.
Populate database from a file.
Get instance type by flavor id.
Login page.
Convert a timestamp to a datetime object.
Import a class or a module.
Unpack a bitstring into a list of booleans.
Prioid command.
Test if a subject has a BSM file.
Reads text files from a directory and generates entity data.
Strips tags from a string.
Lookup a module by its name.
Convert obj into a timezone.
Check if a user can perform a courseware action.
Manage large chunks of a file.
Make a request to the Viewfinder REST API.
Returns the rerun link for the given course.
Check if a NIC tag exists
Add tools to toolmanager.
Create a fresh output manager instance.
Get milestone relationship types.
Build headers for requests.
Set the taxes for a given quotation
Check if a kex algorithm is an elliptic curve.
Check if a point is inside a polygon.
Ctrl + C allow Ctrl + C
Update registration.
Return True if the minion is virtual.
Enable the site with the given configuration.
Samplewise standard deviation.
Compare two files.
Handle a read field.
Read a google word2vec file.
Get package version.
Writes the course block details to a CSV file.
Return an empty list.
Clear the persistent graph cache.
Validate check flags.
Make a matrix from a function.
Evaluate the vertexes of a set of points.
Report test result.
Temporarily disable all signals within a context.
Convert a gRPC error to a blobstore error.
Profile a statement and return the result.
Change qq header.
Get the security group for this project.
Wait for an IO object to complete.
Computes the Root Mean Square Error for a set of results.
test trailing spaces in row definition
Escape a string according to RFC3986.
convert an image from one format to another
Get the name of the qos policy group for a volume.
Display a crash file
Get the zoneinfo.
Create an event.
Logs the user out.
Convert a YAML string into a single quoted YAML string.
Synthesize a sine and stochastic model
Check if an ID is valid.
Parse package name and version.
Read 4 bytes from file and return them as a long.
Return the difference of x along the specified axis.
Return the source file name for the given filename.
Create a new security group
Add a new configuration file
Set a system rc configuration variable.
Run at initial setup hook.
Try to detect the format of the given stream.
Find the extension with the given name.
Get all cached images for a given sr.
URL decorator that translates URLs using the django translation system.
Create filenames and directories for loc files.
pytest. mark. django. db. models. DataStore. save
Create an X - CRL header.
Parse command line options.
port. dl port. dl port. dl port. dl port. dl port. dl port
Convert a dictionary of attributes to a string in GFF format.
Apply overwrites to the context.
Return True if the minion is virtual.
Build the interface configuration for the specified module.
Insert a new document into the parent model
Gradient of input kerns with respect to topgrad
Validate a ipv4 prefix string.
Returns true if the given uwline can be placed on a single line.
Return the information for a given jid
Build a tag map.
Estimate the covariance matrix of a time series using Bartlett s method.
Returns a new derivation object for the given element.
Return a tuple of whether or not virtualenv is available.
Remove leading and trailing whitespace from text.
Create an error from a dictionary.
Parse a datetime string.
Get dependencies for this virtualenv
Format a time tuple into a string.
Create a XLS file from the data.
Extracts the. xpi file extracts the. xpi file extracts the. x
Get all namespaces in the specified range or range.
Parse a codesearch feed from a string.
Get image model string.
Return the load average.
Convert an integer enum value to an integer.
Strip the namespace from the start of the element.
Get forward relationships.
Parse sphinx searchindex.
Delete integration response for a given path in a given api
Check python code coverage.
Check if a tenant does not exist.
Return the comment for the given field in the given table.
Create a virtual disk spec.
Given a base table and a list of foreign columns return a list of foreign columns.
Generate example rst files.
Apply a local fill optimizer to the graph.
Check if square is occupied by given dictionary.
View function which handles a forgot password request.
Identify module names in code.
Check if the given position is valid.
Create a factory from a state dictionary.
Calculate the central moment of xs.
Update the axes with the given image.
Exponential randomization with tail error
Compute the tricomplex skew - x.
Reissue a receipt.
Try to convert an exception to ascii.
Main entry point for ansible - oc.
Decode a base64 string into bytes.
Retrieve settings from the command line.
Return virtual status.
Process xml element for vertexes.
Parse a query string and return a urlencoded dictionary.
Takes a list of strings and returns a list of numeric values.
Decorator for marking functions as slow.
Test if IPMI connection works
Return True if path starts with prefix.
Create a fake server transport object.
Return filehandle and opened flag.
Validate that the version is valid for the collection.
Logs the stacktrace of the current exception.
Load a module from all installed apps.
Set the registry key for the given store.
Read the contents of a file.
Create virtual interface.
Return True if issue is re - closed completed or section.
Persist the value in the config file.
Delete all OAuth tokens for a given user.
SYSTEM INFORMATION Section 9. 1. 43
Test confusion matrix sample weight.
Load beets plugins
Start the io server.
Get the next unique id for the given value.
Delete selected objects.
Get irc formatting.
Check that estimator has no fit attributes.
Return the number of CPU cores.
Create a new NRT module.
Calculate the average and standard deviation of a list.
Asserts that num is greater than num.
create a dataset and add it to delete
Wait for a server to terminate.
Return True if the given URI is in one of the ignorable 404 URLS.
Raises an AssertionError if a is b.
Get the path to a yaml builtin file.
Print a string to stdout if debug is True.
Send email notifications for all users.
Get when an exploration is rated.
Return prog of shell command.
Processes the given element node.
Match a filter list with user args.
Enable or disable an authentication trap.
Update votes in the collection.
Format an unexpected gcp error.
Upload the current working directory to S3.
Return a record and list of further classes for a given klass.
Check if the given url is a full redirect.
Search data adapter.
Return the sum of all distributions.
Extract all members of the archive to the specified path.
Returns the relative path from the from file relative to the archive directory.
Check if variable is used in graph.
Test to convert hsl to rgb part 12
Convert an object to a reference.
Returns new derivation module.
Append a message to the bundle.
Assert that a member is read from.
Load a resource from a file.
Calculate the control digit.
Translate a locale string to the corresponding language code.
Shortcut for skip if the predicate is True or the reason is raised.
Linkify bounce url callback
Add a host entry to the hosts file.
Get the name of the subnet
Create a database if it does not exist.
sign url base v2
Remove test from figure.
Get manipulated paths.
Get the width of a terminal.
Enables or disables a scheduled event.
Set all quota usage dirty
Returns the text of all paragraphs in the document.
Edit an ordered product.
Return a list of tuples of server group IDs and names.
Parse flags pattern.
Returns the number of sides based on the precision given by the XML element.
load a mavlink file
Performs DHCP on all the host IPs associated with the specified network.
Load bill versions from folder.
Markdown Markdown text.
Communicate with IGD.
Delete a device by id.
Convert Cartesian to Spherical.
Fontify Python node.
Adds a folder.
Returns the entity group kind for the given key.
Create a group with a title.
Checks if the value is a valid boolstr
Cache a string.
Check if a scorer was requested for the params.
Add lock packages.
Get the type of the given interface.
Prepend the root directory to the given options
Get texcommand from params.
Return a list of all services.
Get the user s username.
Increase indentation level.
Test reading a normal file.
Generate lorem ipsum string.
Parse a list of options.
Parses the XML representation of a geometry object.
Create a tunnel request.
add stmts at the end of p
Create a fake response and extract cookies.
Add a batch job to the database.
Get the error code from an exception.
Daemonize a process.
Returns the regressor lookup table for the given word.
Determine the default project to use.
Forget a canvas and remove it from the canvasses.
Return the output of the nested module.
Compare two paths for equality.
Try to convert an integer to an integer or return default.
Create a tar archive
Create a new table.
Get the set of available plugins.
Return the summation of a markdown string.
Add all dependencies for the given package name.
Inverse of a.
Detach a EBS volume
Manage incoming SMS messages
Select the ith element of a sorted list a.
Train on a YAML file
Calculate the ceiling of a number.
Uniform random wait time.
Returns a list of all names defined in the current node.
Split a string list.
Index page.
Returns the least - zigzagged version of a string.
Time series data with t3 mean.
Set the verbose level.
Test that cv. has at least one key.
Return the interkey interval.
Convert scene names to normal names.
Return True if mne c is installed False otherwise.
Check if user has permission to access view.
Get function code and number of a receiver.
Get the brick annotation for a variable.
Returns the nth largest item in an iterable.
Escape a URL attribute.
Search for a sample file.
Check if a URL is up.
Patch sys. path to include file paths.
Concatenate multiple indexed dataframes into a single dataset.
Build a list of resolvers based on the configuration.
Parses a frequency string and returns a tuple of the frequency and the hue.
Return t - rem.
Get the file specification.
Get the full URL for the given WSGI environment.
Convert a string timestamp to an epoch.
Create a footnote extension.
Truncate a string to a maximum length.
Run unit tests.
Create a figure.
Compute the heldout score.
install installs the virtualenv
Convert numpy array to rgba array.
Returns the current git changeset or None if there is no changeset.
Get database password.
List user groups.
Create a stack of layers from an XML tree.
Create a managed config.
Parse the index content.
If logical line does not match the pattern no line.
Serialize support data.
Register a flag whose value can be a string.
Create one or more fixed IP addresses.
Attempts to raise a typical memory error.
control the condition
Generate a random unicode string.
Patch the os module to use fork as a fork handler.
Return a string representation of the frame relation.
Check if a CSS selector is selected.
Check to see if a trail exists.
Test suggested multiple column names.
Apply a symbolic factor to expr.
Migrates a vm from a host vm
test if h is a string
Return acceptance configuration as a dictionary.
Check if the user has permission to upload a dictionary.
Step file should not contain log records.
Write chain text with noun to file.
Convert time to UTC if it s not already.
Check that a string is in a set of distributions.
Split text at single sep.
Generate a URL for a handler.
Euclidean distance between two points.
Remove outliers from an alignment.
Test metadata merging.
Register checker.
Generate service documentation.
Shortcut for the HTTP POST method.
Creates or updates an image property.
Saves an image resized to the specified width and saving it to a file.
Distance between a line segment and a point.
Remove a user from a group.
Make a dictionary safe for use as a key.
Get the labels for a node or an API server.
Check for invalid keys in kwargs.
Simple test scheduler.
Test that the number of tokens in the tokenizer is greater than the number of tokens in the tokenizer
test if ast is good
Return the name of the node that this name is associated with.
Partial sort with ratio.
Add billing details to cart.
Returns True if the given step type is a Spark step type.
Build a descriptor for a remote method.
Update variables in the file contents.
Convert a file to a list of subtitles.
Computes the manhattan distance for each user to the nearest neighbor.
Check that baseline is applied to evoked data
Runs the monitor command on the specified socket.
Apply touchups fixes to a font file.
Check if the system can read journald files.
create topic iam policy
Watch assets.
Get the data disk value for a vm.
Return True if source is votable False otherwise.
Reparam a string with a dictionary.
Test whether a set of coefficients are stable.
return a list of the craft sequence
Compare two floats for equality.
Get information about a given JID
Get the path to the mdata executable.
test args.
Sum the matrix mat along the given axis.
Return a dictionary of validator data.
Returns all neighbors of a node in the graph.
Destroy one or more resources.
Plot a layout.
Return MD5 hex digest of a file.
Test the inverse of a compound.
Raise a value to the power of the RHS.
Load tables module if it hasn t already been loaded.
Capture the test log.
convert html5lib to xmllike
Return the job with the given name.
Read samples from a file.
List all available services.
Get the appropriate router for the given application.
Get the xdg config directory.
Infer the compression of a file or a buffer.
Get request body as JSON.
Decorator to mark a function as unauthenticated.
Match a command to a string.
Get user name.
Abort the current transaction.
Convert a scopes string to a list of scopes.
Extract version information from version file.
Convert botocore exception to botocore error message.
Set bonjour global object
Returns True if list is id pair False otherwise.
Use OAuth to authorize a user
Calculate the Euclidean distance of the largest loop.
Check that the app approves the addons.
Remove an apppool from srvmgr
Instantiate a proxy object.
Test for errors when saving a project.
Select a proxy for the given URL.
add dict to cookiejar
Create an error response.
Round a number to an integer.
Copy document to protocol buffer.
Get the full path to a module.
Get the maximum of two numbers.
Returns the device to use for the given request.
Get the process ID for the specified device.
Split a URI into its component parts.
Return tree from cix path.
Decodes a string using the specified encoding.
Get or create a mrjob service role.
Validate that value is a number or None.
Return the HTML to install an addon.
Render a template file.
Write the interface configuration file
Return True if the named module is missing.
Perform a single replica operation.
Return a dict of keys that do not exist in the database
Extract an integer parameter from the request.
Get the score of the block based on the submissions scores.
Update the color map with the given colors.
Adapted from pandas. tseries. index. fontproperty. afm. font
return list of instances running on Zookeeper
Convert an integer to a value of 255.
Convert an IP address string to an integer.
Get proxies from os. environ.
Returns the basename of a path.
Remove a record from the catalog.
cd inside count times for each dataset.
Test integration with EC2 API.
Runs the product partition example.
Generates a base64 - encoded token.
Distance multiplicative approximation
Compare the PSD and its noise.
True if the environment is virtual otherwise False.
Excelerate a file and print the elapsed time.
Shutdown the server.
Check if the cmdline matches the pid.
Returns the HTTP server instance.
Pause for n seconds.
Update quotas for a tenant.
Registers the beginning of the line.
ANSI escape sequences in text.
Set the logging level.
Get the mode of the specified device
Take a snapshot of the current image
Check if the last request was the last response.
Exponential test of the power distribution.
Return offsets for before block start.
Get the data from a URL.
Log a critical message.
get full dict
Yield tuples of num - sized rows of the given string.
Return the roster targets for the minions matching the template
Generate random crosstalk.
Check that the value matches the header value.
Checks if the given object is a data object.
Cascade cascade test.
Test max length of feature.
Unquote a string.
Read a single packet from the tftp server.
Dump a BIFF file to a file.
Get the system username.
Query vcvarsall for all interesting environment variables.
Flatten a nested list of strings into a single string.
Register a test function with the given class method name.
Return grains based on osdata
Merge two files.
Runs a JS script and returns the result.
Read a packet from socket sock.
Convert a 6 byte IPv6 address to a inet ntop.
Get an object from the content view.
Update symlinks pointing to certificates that have expired.
Compute the Berlekamp factorization.
Conditional on etag.
Activate a deployment for a given api id.
Run a flup. server. wsgi application function.
Write a response to the client.
Update all the elements of the given policy element with the given regular expression key.
Surround bash shells with str.
Upgrade brew to latest version
Get profile name for a repository.
Validate IPv4 or netmask.
Add a new node category.
Register a service in the module.
Obtain serial number from show version.
Return the absolute url for the given path.
Return a list of intersections of x.
Returns a response that redirects every n HTTP redirects.
Write the masq configuration file.
Move a stored file from src to dst
Query for quota reservations.
Evaluates f over a list of expressions.
Convert Markdown files to HTML.
Denoising tv chambolle.
Deletes the transaction file associated with the given rebalance.
Create the ca filesystem if it does not exist.
Keep thread awake.
Test that the transforms of an array are working correctly.
Inverse of p [ num ].
Generate all the frontpage pngs.
Log a message using the root logger.
get words by content
Install gitlab notifier.
infer the type of one or more arguments
Localize a value to the current locale.
List availability zones for this location.
Parse the headers for the LMXML file.
Build an iterator for the given XPath path.
Cuda shared constructor with shared device number.
Make plots of training cost test accuracy and training accuracy.
Get details about a tree.
Create data class.
Raises an AssertionError if no element matches the given xpath selector.
Write the log to a tty file.
View function that handles password reset confirmation.
Parse a query from a list of parts.
Get a unique value for the given type and id.
Compute the variance of a time series.
Get strategy name.
Generate age.
Run the main loop.
Test that all the rules in the list match the rules in the list.
Generate a cache key for the given request.
Compute residual.
Get the value of a single option.
Load images in a thread.
Validate tags.
Get multiprocessing logger.
Return a list of all the jobs that match the filter
Login page.
Attach translations to a collection.
Convert a model. Entity to a message.
Returns information about the current language.
Infer the frequency of the given index.
Admin only.
Setup a hyperion platform.
Create a configuration dictionary from a list.
Add a cell to the task log.
Get a service by name.
Assert that two objects are not equal.
Load a test suite from a directory.
Return a color represented by r g b a.
Custom key function.
Create properties file.
Read an array from a file object.
Prints the usage message.
Component 2. Call and publish the result.
Create a zone for a service.
Return the total number of seconds in the given delta.
Get file writer.
Summarize variables.
Check whether the user can browse the reviews for the given repository.
Lighten a color by a given percentage.
Process an SVG element.
Exclude all webapps in the specified regions.
Plot a scatter chart.
Clear the docstrings.
Remove the iconset component from the source string.
Generate shell test data.
Fail if the expression is not none.
Get qemu user
Return userid from request. authenticated userid.
Return the imp type for the given filename.
Recursively create a directory on the remote server.
Blog months tag.
Print debug message to logger.
Delete all image property and its children from the database.
Check source code with pep8.
Return the swap memory usage percentage.
Convert parameters to stack.
Adjust the exclude list for a close event.
Generate a docstring for the unit summary.
Test the sensitivity specificity score.
Add a SMS code to a number.
Connect to GCE.
Stops the cluster.
Ping a server.
Concatenate two iterables.
Call the distutils c compiler.
Create a new service
Generate certificates for students for a given course.
Negative Binomial log likelihood.
Create a Python script from a settings object.
Logs the user in.
Process failed post processing.
Returns True if the table has a constraint with the given name.
Edit a liability.
Returns a dictionary of all strings in general format.
Convert a 32 - bit ID to a 64 - bit ID.
Get a value from a nested data structure.
test short users list
Parse output spec.
Send a HTTP DELETE request to the Gitlab server.
Download sina video by vid.
Get the Python version.
Get the value of a metric by name.
Overload dummy.
Allocate a new lock.
Find exploration ids matching the query.
inverse of a
Update the position of the next unicode character in the data.
Reshapes an incoming tensor to a new shape.
Run a module on a single input and return the result.
Return the version of the minion
Check if current thread is io thread.
pytest. mark. django. db. models. FileStorage. save fails with validation error.
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
Respond to the request with the given code.
Convert internal date format to time.
Get an object from a model.
Create drawdowns and durations for the given pnl.
Return a property filter spec.
Runs the emailer test.
r yields each element of seqn in reverse order
Create a mozilla user.
Flatten an iterable.
Test conditional return weights.
Merges the non report only policies dict with the report only policies dict.
Compute a node from the given dictionary of values.
Check entry exams for rescoring.
Send an email.
s3 search function
Choose the poc type from the filepath.
Compute the hist of a tensor
Class decorator for native string classes.
Find the previous release file for the given addon and version string.
Get storage level.
Multivariate normalisation function.
single dimitem.
Collect hosts from a string.
Convert a namespace URL to a local file.
Try to find a tag for the given path.
Check for missing whitespace after a keyword.
Get tiers from a device.
Register signal handler.
Map a function over a list of elems.
Inverse hyperbolic secant of a number.
Mark a thread as managed.
Edit user profile.
Recursively glob a directory treeroot for all files matching a pattern.
Format plugin info table.
Order JSON data according to srv.
Convert a blockdevice id to a dataset id.
Get instance type by flavor id.
Yield n - grams from iterator.
Loads the numba inline module.
test working directory with absolute paths
Validate the number of values in a list.
Two step backprop.
Get a list of scene exceptions.
Adjust newlines to retain vertical lines before comments.
Test the dynamic line profile.
Match a subscription to a topic.
Test neighbourhood cleaning rule.
Check if the user is authenticated.
Return SunOS CPU information.
Test that cookies are never accepted.
Test cut function.
Euclidean norm.
Return a list of module descriptions from a libvlc module.
Count the number of smallints in an array.
Strip accents from an ascii string.
Set gl configuration.
Get the info for a particular blob.
Call artifact cache. use cached files.
Print the version and exit.
Return the absolute value of a.
Check if the system has a python version.
Set configuration defaults.
Shift the divisions of a DataFrame by periods.
Binary log loss.
Flag instance as modified.
Return the holiday calendar object for the given calendar name.
Generate a random alphanumeric string.
Open a named resource.
Adds an infill boundary to a list of rings.
Remove wr from the list of handlers.
Unload a module.
Validate pack name.
Process an SVG element.
Load a class by name.
Subtract j - th order vector w from w.
Add string algos to makefile if not present.
Import a key from an extern key.
Main entry point for testing vispy.
Build the select field for the toolbox.
Descriptify an HTML page into an annotation string.
Get user permission codename.
List all documents in the current language.
Finds all the files in the bucket metadata.
Sends the purchase receipt email for the given contrib.
Vertices of a vector.
Links to log files.
Returns True if class has inherited table False otherwise.
Set an option to a value.
Get a rollback of a migration.
Remove a vfstab device.
Check if a file exists and is a fifo.
Set up settings.
Add slashes to a string.
Return the IPv6 addresses of all interfaces
PCAO test objective function
Netcat test function.
Compute the join of two DataFrames.
Handles the registration form
Test laplace filter with mask.
Sample color specification from options.
Make a GET request and log the result.
Validate a list of devices.
Preview for file delimiters.
Return a humanized version of a path.
Build a qsub command.
Render a genshi template.
Order a list in place.
bzr wc target exists plain no force
Returns the link to the cms page for the given block.
Download promo imgs.
Copies the specified file to the system clipboard.
Print a list of items.
Create a text file with the given contents.
Load a tool from a. xml file.
Check that at least min healthy instances exist.
Prevent output from being printed to the terminal.
Delete user from pwfile
Stubs for Tabbed Browser.
Evaluates the given substitutions for a given precision.
Return a human - readable version of the size.
Create an object.
Yield lines from a string or list of strings.
Parse the driverdisk rule.
Check if tag is block level.
Store a secret in the registry.
Create a new reference from an existing reference.
Remove safe lines from output list.
Get fabmetheus path.
Step that checks that a file exists.
Add a number of values to the log.
Recursively download a file from the NZB.
Get a list of videos from the index
Parse a URL into a path and salt environment.
Ignore not group admins.
Split cmdline into path cmd and arguments.
Runs the build.
Format the expected diffs into a string.
Exponential log - likelihood.
Check if the user has permission to edit the setting.
Resize url to maxwidth
Convert row to dict.
Install a custom language file in the home directory of the project.
Check if the field is present in the message.
Set active figure to ax.
Raises a falcon. http status code to the specified location.
Get paths for a given scheme.
Configure the platform.
Given a langdict and a lang script and region return the corresponding lang.
Create a q instance with no network accessible.
Yield all collectors that have not spawned more than num times.
Return the number of quoted strings in the given string.
Fetch an entity from the database.
Update the portsnap
Get the size of an item.
Get all the points in the segment table.
Redirects the request to the specified URL.
Run flowgram ali and return the output.
Delete an image tag.
Return the current year.
Get the tracer ID for the given process.
Returns the name of a regular variable.
True if a is b.
Get user information from cookie.
Browse for the given object.
Return the set of ancestors of source in the graph g.
Test the movorder function.
Entry point for the script.
Returns the nearest jump point to the given other point on the boundary.
Filter roidb based on crowd proposals.
Get a value from the gettable.
Prepare earth position and velocity.
Parse a snippets file.
Unmap a numpy array to a specified indices.
Returns True if the given IP address is private False otherwise.
Install and verify code.
Convert hex string to color tuple.
Get EOL chars for a given OS name.
Format a datetime object as an RFC3339 formatted string.
Create scoped credentials.
Create a cow image
Execute an incron command and return the output
Actually mail the reply to the reviewer.
Parse ISO8601 formatted time interval.
Convert a jobsub design into an action.
Yield tuples of module name and module for all installed apps.
Load overrides from a JSON file.
Check if the compiler is running on the local machine.
Get openshift version from facts.
Detect if a file is a valid dbf file.
Yields the projection partial entity model for the given cursor.
Re - quote a URI if it isn t already safe.
Invert bit.
abstract declarator opt 1.
Require invoke to be at least the specified version.
Create a Java environment for the given application.
Get all role assignments for a user.
Generate a set of keys.
rus fit and sample half resampling
Returns a list of booleans indicating whether the course has any problem.
Extract a line from a string.
Create a new SAML provider.
Drop an existing database or archive a site
Logout user.
Restore the status of the app.
Damerau - Levenshtein edit distance.
List the queues for the specified backend
Returns a list of relative filenames.
Returns a list of campaign feeds for the given campaign.
Generate a config file.
Maximum Likelihood Multiplicative Maximum Likelihood
Run snowball stemmer demo.
List commits in a repository.
Main entry point for file import.
Test that the keystring is cleared.
Add an intersection to a list of solids.
Test get inst data.
Return a colormap.
Get a list of cost functions.
Reshape an array to a new shape.
Celery worker pool.
Processes the arguments passed into the text tag.
Convert a signed long integer to a raw string.
Convert a reference string to an object.
Check if a resource is in use.
Calls the decorated function with the given arguments and prints the traceback of the exception.
Get and delete all messages from the session store.
Run OpenSSL with the given arguments and return the output.
Encode a string with the given extension quote.
Return a tuple of application template directories.
Show a specific IPsec site connection
Draw the current figure if interactive.
Check if a vlan interface exists.
Test that max similarity is set to num.
Replace string with replacement only if target is lower cased.
gpu gemm optimizer.
Test repository filesystems.
Delete a collection summary.
Write a plist to a string.
Browse user for songs.
Remove a job from a chat.
Sigmoid function.
Find the number of missing elements in a list.
List the nodes in the cloud
Get window analyze file.
Get password of a field
Comparison operator.
Divide by a constant.
Decode a JSON string into a Python object.
Interact with a server and return a read - write pair.
Get full email address without validation.
Configure auto capturing screenshots.
Create a link node.
Get a new repository.
Concatenate multiple epochs into a single epoch.
Intersection over all graphs
Load configuration file.
Validate input is an integer.
Execute a command on a specific minion and return the output
Get the key for a guestbook.
Build a questionnaire from a survey.
Send an event to subscribers.
Render a template from the given dictionary using the given namespace.
Match a key in a dict.
Check if the value is aware.
Remove an augeas file.
Create a numpy array from an array object.
Simple isotonic regression benchmark.
Create a new document.
Main entry point for pip.
Create a Keras model from a configuration file.
Format a URL parameter.
Redirects the client to the given url with the given status code.
Escape html for safe processing.
Get the current user s name.
Runs the tool and asserts its output is colorless.
Get the CPU arch.
Get session data.
Load a shared library.
Returns the total sum of squares of y.
Return a mock stdout or stderr writer.
Add orbits if they are large enough.
Main function of the script.
Return the number of users in an image.
Get a service by host and binary.
Unquote a URL string or return it if it is none.
Parse a query string and simplify it.
Get cluster version.
Get the text of the advertisement.
Return the name of the virtual environment.
Validate a configuration against a JSON Schema.
Find Storage Object Reference from vbd.
Params for each column in a result.
Customize network and framework.
Update a target if it is outdated.
Get information about a user.
Try to get the version of the installed package.
ignore comments.
Create a new figure manager.
Add a platform callback
List storage services on the cloud provider.
Configure logging.
Test implicit inheritance.
Check if backup mode is a string.
get a component review by id
PKCS1 OS ID to IP
List the states for the specified environment
Add skip to result.
Coerce a string to a yes or no answer
chisquare test for the median distribution.
Return the path to the server directory.
Get the name of the virtual environment.
Clean up the traceback to remove the rpcfiles listed in exclude.
Parse the output lines into a list of tables.
Remove all registered models from the engine.
Test the import code of a pipeline.
Log debug messages if enabled.
make variable num in p
Get next url for login page.
Convert a sequence matrix to a string matrix.
Searches for a script in the system.
Generate a set of keys for a given number of bits.
Get the previous version tag.
Convert a string to a bytes object.
Return a list of disabled daemons.
Returns an iterator that iterates over the keys of a dictionary.
Load a rospack manifest.
Compute the raw anomaly score.
Main module entry point.
Return filter instance.
Convert datetime to time
Return the number of sync returners
Slugify a string.
Get pixmap by name.
Find the version number in the given file.
Run the script and see if the result matches the expected value.
Verify that a type of service exists.
Unary multiplicative expression 1
Submit a pyspark job.
Return the current directory s pardir.
Run jihaw.
Deletes artifacts from the datastore.
Check entrance exam.
Fetch requirements from a requirements. txt file.
Return a filestore object for the translated units in the given store.
Lease strategy.
i can modify the display name
Test smote sk estimator.
Renders the inheritance diagram as LaTeX code.
Convert a short color to an RGB.
Returns the number of open file descriptors for the current process.
Convert a resource to a topic.
Save answers to the database.
Modified from pandas. tseries. test_math
Cython version of import.
Class decorator to mark classes as options.
Create territories.
Retrieve information about an application.
educate dashes old school
Cumulative Chi^2 measure.
Override setuptools s default setuptools function.
A wrapper for stats api. histogram.
Find the feat part of the artist s albumartist.
Check minimum numpy version.
Generate a thumbnail image from a source file.
Test replace update via setitem via warnings.
Save an object to an HDF5 file.
Get the local ip address of the host.
Raises an AssertionError if dt1 - dt2 < allowance.
Setup the platform.
Generate a cookie.
Convert payload to string.
Filter nodes that are subclasses of superclass.
Writes the text output for the specified file.
Escape a sequence of characters.
Center and scale data.
Commit an item.
Convert botocore exception to botocore error message.
Run pip with the outdated flag.
Match zero.
Committees generator.
Delete a resource.
Invert a mapping.
Command line tool for building JSON files.
Load all the tests for the plugin.
Returns the geometry output manipulated by the element node.
Create a datetime object from a timestamp.
Create a new hashlib instance.
Write a JSON object to a file.
Quote a string for inclusion in a URL.
Command line tool to configure a git repository.
Prompt user for configuration and perform authentication.
Create missing metric perms.
Add a new message prefix to the migrated database.
Compares the y of two points.
Reads a p2g file and returns the graph.
Return the full path to a subdirectory of the git repository.
Get the state of a running process.
test install folder with relative path
Check if jsonp is valid.
Returns the severity of a check.
Warn user if init file is not in activetcl or teapot.
Format a list of files using json format.
Resume a paused connection.
Get team by slug.
Persists the clipboard.
Inverse of the inverse of a.
Return the next frame in the libvlc media player s frame queue.
Reindex questions related to this question.
Create a descriptor from a protobuf.
Prune constant expressions.
Returns a list of available languages.
Return instance of permission resolver class based on resource type.
Check if an employee is holiday.
Get a simplified version of a path.
Exclude entry if enabled or not.
Run dig on the specified host
Requests plugin.
Extract the number of bits from a string.
Reduce a residue from h using the derivation de.
Convert a list of strings to a SQL list.
Get the current user s blogs.
Hashes a password with a given digest mod iterations and salt.
Check registration code validity.
pytest. mark. parametrized method for section description.
Return the constraint on the sphere defined by equation 3
Check if entry is a valid wrapper entry for the given type.
Check if the given dtype can be represented.
Deletes the specified devices from the filesystem.
Get a list of all plugin file names.
Format an iterable of items.
Setup tools for testing.
Ensures that the named tenant is absent.
Compute the summary of a collection.
Take a screenshot and compare it to the expected screenshot.
project pifacc options
Shuffle a list of arrays.
Load image file.
Find an address by public ip or device id
Add a code cell to the notebook.
Create sha1 hash of version of the given item.
Run a multi - linking example
Generate a template file.
Parse the Links HTTP header value.
Verifies the signature on the message.
Get the name of the current init directory.
Return virtual grains
Read filter information from file.
Returns information about the operating system and version.
Test that a dataset is a valid YVU dataset.
Corrects the eigenvectors of the predicted transition matrix.
Connect to an ssh service.
Create a module and its parents.
Parse patterns and ignore patterns.
Checks if the process is running and starts it if not.
Ejects a set of monomomials from the basis.
Generate a mimi hash for a given upid.
Read a double.
Encrypts the given message with the given key.
Parses the given file and returns its contents as a dict.
Shuffles the songs.
Validator for slugification.
Decorator for wtforms 2. x and up
Create a tuple of degrees and hours.
Return a list of redis keys matching pattern.
Manages post activity.
Get the sum dtype for a given dtype.
Send a message to a project.
Update the namespace of an item.
Check if route and dist are valid.
Return a hex dump of the given data.
Call an API call repeatedly until a response is received or the marker is removed.
Return an HMAC - SHA1 - salted HMAC for the given key and value.
Unfreeze a frozen command.
Add a user as a moderator to a forum.
Return all published tags for the given entry.
Stop the server for the given port.
Creates a new ec2 volume.
Returns mood of a sentence.
Create an invalid membership in a project
Show the last updated date for the given object.
Return a sink for the given resource.
List all IPsecPolicies
Try to import name and return error if it fails.
Get ssh interface config value
Sample rois from roidb.
Return the codec used to encode the given text.
Return the line number of the current file.
Get information about glusterfs volume
Get the last modulo function from a string.
Takes a list of values and returns a list of the major values.
Multi - index version of set.
Delete a URL.
Remove element from pixel list at given point.
Polynomial multiplication.
Render an icon.
Test for getfqdn.
Add lock devices for the platform.
Returns a function that returns None.
Execute code in variables.
Get platform dist.
Clear the buffer for a remote socket.
Check that the given object is a cuda ndarray.
Create an image.
Given a list of models return a list of models that can be queued.
Return the source code of a file from the cache.
Check if a file exists at a given path.
Show the details of a single service.
Execute a single high data call
Swaps two axes of a tensor.
Set the carrier name.
Get crafted text from text.
Convert a dict to a JSON formatted string.
Build a header for a docstring.
Set fake nodes.
Compile and test expression.
Creates a feature that only contains bytes.
Processes the header of a record.
Render a template as XML and return a response.
Create a SQS queue.
Decodes a list of predictions into a list of sorted lists.
Run the runner with random = True.
Split a branchfile into branch and file.
Compare two bytes using the HMAC - SHA1 hash algorithm.
Start the named service.
Get all messages from js files in installed apps
Add a port to bridge
Context manager for extracting a zip archive.
Convert a line of text to a keyset
Modified version of scipy. stats. llinmod.
Copy stat information from src to dst.
Get the next url from the request.
Swap the first character of a command string.
Parse a server directive.
Get all issues in a project.
Update all samples in the autotest directory.
Validate template.
Returns the antonym of text.
Validate a configuration.
Polynomial least - squares product.
Create default groups.
Export the exploration states to YAML.
Run git command
Create a CA certificate.
Check if connection is dropped.
Test cross validation.
Update profile picture data for a user.
Get all specialized types for the given type.
Simplify expression.
Return True if ltyp is a pointer type.
Check if a file exists in one of the include directories.
Runs code in the context of run globals.
Sends a 303 redirect to the specified location.
Format a timestamp.
Store a ticket for a bridge.
Generate a valid slug for the given source.
Return a list of mirrors for a given hostname.
Arma cross - correlation coefficient.
Add a new link to the queue.
Test the permutation cluster permutation t - test.
Check if a keyring is present.
Base64 encode a string
Return a copy of the parameters with their values unpacked.
Manage network information.
Get the list of extensions associated with a CSR.
Get uuid by label
Time function for conesearch.
Returns a url for the given viewname.
Get last http request from thread.
Run the prewitt h filter on a horizontal image.
Run the wx runner on the app.
Load a comparable x509 certificate
Send admins.
Process an SVG element.
setup and compare source spaces
Get email preferences for a list of users.
Returns the physical memory in bytes.
get secret by name
Publish a progress report.
Create a new image.
Return a list of events that have occurred for this resource.
Set the dirty flag to True.
Update client perms.
safe version of np. isinf
Modified Multivariate  Fourier transform.
Vote for a document with helpful information.
Returns the text of the first file in the given directory with the given file name.
Compute the stdev of a windowed Fourier transform.
Update forum role membership.
Get the size of a directory.
Create a new text node and append it to the parent.
Date range test.
Convert unicode string to HTML string.
Get models to patch.
List all tmux configs.
Remove local route from BGP prefix.
Interpret a plugin file name.
Update user s subject interests.
Check if an element is focused.
Generate the secret key based on the secexp and the hash function.
Make sure datetime object is aware of timezone.
Unmounts a volume.
Return a list of pids.
Remove intersections from loop until the loop is at most num times.
Generate a random name for an image.
Unsigned maximum relative to num.
Open a dbm file.
Install prereqs.
Select an item at time t.
Set a value deep in a nested dictionary structure.
Get the path to the Python interpreter.
Require a password change to occur.
Returns a list of python paths for the given package.
Return information about a computer name.
Yield unique items from a sequence preserving order.
Set the agent settings for the specified contact location and services.
Read signature from ed25519 file.
Call apiproxy with given req and resp.
Compute single - valued measures for a network.
Merge sort.
Checks if the given object is a function type.
Test pooling with anon variable.
Convert JSON to string.
cd outside a dataset count times.
Returns a list of the names of the credit providers for the course
follow user page
Retrieve a file from the server.
Construct algebraic polynomial from polynomials.
Raise a number to a maximum power.
Lookup a mail exchange by name.
Returns True if the minion is virtual otherwise False
Check that scale is in range.
Convert unicode to local unicode
Strip whitespace from the beginning and end of a string.
Delete a message.
Get LAN IP.
Get the backing file for a QEMU image.
Check if a group has the specified gid
Extract the version number from the version file.
Check if the specified RT table is available.
Notify about instance usage
Returns a list of paths with root removed.
Wrap a string.
Bulk rename a document.
Returns True if array contains every element of choices.
Return the registration object for the given email address.
Convert constant to array with num elements.
Associate a form with a user.
Poll process and print results.
Runs the tool and asserts its output in standard output.
Check that desired is less than or equal to actual.
Parse input source into a single votable.
Actions tag.
Get desktop uri prefix.
Enable a module if it is not enabled.
Determine if a polygon is fully inside another polygon.
Get crafted text from text.
Iteration statement 2.
Extracts a boolean value.
Test that the world can absorb classes.
Run the bokeh script and verify its version.
Check if class is abstract.
Returns the coursetalk key for the given course key
Check if file f is readable or not.
Check if the user has permission to edit the profile.
Submit a CSV calculate may enroll task.
Check the link destinations for the given container.
Convert MNC values to MVSK values.
Return the pi version.
Run a command and return its output.
Get manipulated paths.
setup two axes for polar interpolation
Calculate the height of a cone.
Test neighborhood cleaning rule.
Test that the unit summary has the correct prefixes.
Temporarily disable the requests library.
Minimum and maximum value between low and high.
Returns a hash of the contents of a file.
Create a new response.
Get external IP address.
Set a resource with random attributes.
Return a listening socket.
Raises error if crypto is unavailable.
S3 REST controller for theme project
Max reduction op.
Check if we are running in qtconsole
Return a list of disabled services.
Given a list of uri schemes return a set of schemes that are supported.
Extract vim documentation from stdout and append it to buffer
Create a panel from a panel inherited from the default panel.
Get connection to sqlite database.
Update the options for the given model.
Get the display time zone for the given time zone.
test power expansion
Load mime types from a list of locations.
Test port validation.
Change the time limit of a task.
Return the unit price for this offer.
Associates a floating IP address with a remote host.
Render a dashboard column.
Delete a queue from AWS.
Return True if the fingerprint is valid False otherwise.
Insert a primitive tab.
Return the base - 2 logarithm of x.
Greedily wrap a string.
Match all substrings in string with the given trie.
Run a worker process.
Asserts that item1 < item2.
Test sensor value from code.
Returns the string representing the given number rounded to places.
Wait for the specified snapshot to have the specified status.
Reads a string from a matrix.
Create fake option values.
Remove ins tags from doc.
Print julia code.
Return an ordered list of locations.
Returns the path to an image file.
Call a service.
Blend an image on a canvas.
Parse a date string using the perforce date format.
List of RDS regions.
Remove redundant redundant words from a list of lines.
Register a schema under the given path.
Print a summary of the results.
Format a string for HTML output.
Extract the tomcat version from the output.
Parse tests.
Get a new repository.
Return a random n - bit integer.
Upload a project or project to a repository
Allocate storage for the given value and store it under the given builder.
Return a numpy array of complex numbers.
Create a WSGI resource.
Add a host aggregate to the datastore.
Return the name of the backing file for a volume.
Returns a list of plugin keywords.
Returns a list of all power types in the system.
Reloads the module.
Login to Google Voice.
Default 403 handler that returns a 403 Forbidden if the user is not allowed to view
Check if the given name is present on the minion
Print a formatted string to standard error and return the error code.
Histogram trendmode.
Parse input spec.
Get a library by name.
Return the path to the runtime application.
Returns a list of models.
Decorator for unittest that skips packages that don t satisfy all requirements.
Show the vocabulary for the given id.
List all inactive VMs
Get package name.
Parse a comma separated list of tokens.
Returns a media list that only retains those items that are contained in p.
Remove pyc files in path.
Returns the url for a static file.
Includes S3 CSS files for development.
Align percent field.
Signal receiver for file delete signal.
Returns the number of bits needed to store num in a binary string
Check if there is an upgrade available for the specified package.
Normalize a URL.
Initialize the parameters given the options.
Return the commutation matrix of p and q.
Compare kpc and mpc for equality.
Convert a hex value to a colon - delimited hex string.
Step when scenarios are selected.
Generate the managed section of the config file.
Format a number of seconds into a human - readable time.
Attempt to fetch streams in infinite loop.
Test float range.
Get arounds of a given radius from a loop.
Validate that the response is valid.
Project vector v onto w.
Complete a list of rules.
Compute the exploration summary.
Unvouch a user.
Initialize webengine.
Get an instance from the identity map.
Log a warning message.
Run the project example.
Find the minimum value in a list of complex paths.
Returns a multiprocessing. Manager that uses the multiprocessing multiprocessing library.
Check if all alphabets in alphabets are compatible.
Check if a role exists.
Configure a platform.
Async version of datastore. delete.
Execute a sq. job.
Sanitize a string to make it more human - readable.
Calculate the duration.
Get the name of the data type of an object.
Parse a spec from a string.
Finds all qualified targets in the given list that have the given target.
Normalize HTML data.
Get a random app id from the given remote url.
Create a tablib. dataset from headers and data.
Delete a zone.
Return scatter property.
Unregister a registered mimetype handler.
Log out the user.
Compile a query from a down clause.
Check if the file name is empty or was cancelled.
Enter standby status to a autoscaling group.
Returns a list of IPv6 addresses for the host.
Returns the stylesheet reference for the given settings.
Call a BGP API method.
Check the environment and return the path to the setup script.
return a list of the results from the multiprocessing.
test fullfill
Check that all objects in a list are instances of a given class.
Regenerate a unique identifier for the specified pool
Reload the system.
Strip the object transient sysmeta prefix from the key.
Rename a file or directory.
Broadcast a series of arrays.
Start a new VM.
Test equality of source spaces.
Return the path to the ipset executable
Render a KML document and return a response.
Add positives and negatives to pillars.
Install a package if it isn t installed already.
Jinja2 error handler.
Perform a scale test on a scaled matrix.
Return the machine name of the current machine.
Oneline filter.
Test feature loaded from file sets line number and scenario filename.
Convert datetime since epoch to log string.
Multiplies the polynomial f and g by the constant k.
Hashes the contents of a file.
Yield successive n - sized chunks from seq.
Find all the components of a function or derivative with respect to x.
Return True if pending registration should be approved.
Check that two poles are close.
Delete a topic rule.
Launch a software switch.
Test the completion of a script.
Recursively merge the contents of one directory into another.
Escape a string for use in an XML document.
Render a rex page for a build.
Convert a bytestring to lowercase.
This function prints the command and the user.
Execute a statement concurrently.
Verify an OAuth request.
Load a model.
Get or set hrm vars for current user
Ensure that the named role is absent
Check if string is a channel.
Upload a template and reload it if it already exists.
UPLINK UPLINK Section 9. 2. 13
Escape a string for use in an HTML document.
Build a filter query for the given args.
Creates a subnav with the given link text.
Commit changes.
Check if the arch element is a valid integer type.
Extract items.
Split url into path and query.
Handle namespaces.
Context manager for nested context managers.
Convert mcycles to milliseconds.
Returns a description of the specified speed.
Run pip and test install from file index hash.
Returns a virtual network adapter of the specified type
Run all.
Get auth profile class.
Set location of diagnostics
Condenses semicolons to a string.
HMAC - SHA256 digest.
Get a namespace by id.
Collate a string expression using the given collation string.
Filter a string based on a regular expression pattern.
Check if a plugin is enabled.
Convert timedelta to float seconds.
Reads a number from the file - like object f and returns it as a number.
Recursively delete files matching one of the patterns.
Return a compiled regex pattern for the table of contents.
Convert data to chunk tuple.
Partition a list of nodes into a list of nodes.
Extend the list of placeholders in the given node.
Show all pages.
Remove the element from its parent and add it to its tail.
Check if login is fresh and needs refresh.
Check if the given address is a valid IP address.
Get the sizes for the given kinds.
Map a list of attributes on an object.
Move a file from one storage location to another.
Load the default font.
Parse format method string.
Get a CA signed key.
Return a list of crawl args for the given message.
test annotate text utf32 directly index into unicode
Get geometry output by connection.
Get the value of a hash field.
Make a local path from a string.
Prints debug information for debugging purposes.
Test that pip can be installed.
Returns the maximum absolute value of the maximum absolute value of the ith element of a.
Setup the platform for UV devices.
Show sopel version and sha.
Convert a list of filenames to a single filename.
Process a bitmap file.
This tests the performance of the threading module.
Recursively convert dictionaries to transformed paths.
Check if obj is a set binop.
Cast ob to target type.
Wrapper for histograms.
Check password.
Create a triple of cryptlib and pycrypto triples.
Find a network with bridge.
Draws a spectral surface.
Pair unaligned sequences with HMM
Get a dataset for testing and training.
Prompt the user to choose from a list of configuration options.
Default error handler. Stores the connection and cursor in the messages attribute.
Get the position of a media instance.
Pretty print a dictionary of parameters.
Decorator for skip unless lms is installed.
Parse the autopart command line.
Given a list of statuses return a list of reverifications ordered by date.
Get the current site.
Get the path to the virtualenv.
Create the rate limit object if it does not exist.
Convert a value to a constant.
Password prompt.
Run pytest on collection with maxfail bigger than n.
Get crafted text from text.
Test the negative distance.
Change the retention policy for a database.
Outputs a string to the console.
Create a property that will set the value of the given index to the given value.
Get content from s3 and delete it.
Get the type of a type.
Returns the ansible integration environment.
Get sentinel ip for a master
Returns a tuple of booleans indicating whether or not the tool shed has repository dependencies and whether or
Iterate over fields.
Remount the device.
Send a message to a room.
Return the skew - symmetric matrix.
Add end of XML file.
tuple target example.
Remove a number of characters from a string.
Archive all sources in the specified directory.
Prettify an order line.
Get a list of groups for a project.
Return True if the string is a canonical integer.
Set user and hosts to all hosts.
get hybrid bridge name
Match sort key.
Default export transform function.
Check if a given URL provides cors features.
Reraise a value error.
Get a list of saved rules.
Create PostGIS database.
Return the number of CPU cores.
Return the number of the most recent commits.
Convert a version string to a version tuple.
Reads a group feed and returns HTML.
Create a viewer for the given dataset.
Concatenate values from multiple models into a single string.
Main loop of the application.
Colorize text.
Get package name from filepath.
Joins a format string and arguments with HTML escaping.
Add models to syncing list.
Get package information.
Sort function for namespaces and local names.
Train the model using the given minimize function.
Resize the viewport.
Check if a file or directory exists.
Determine the operating system to use for the given parameters.
Returns a set of all snippet files that match the pattern ft
Return dictionary of likelies and consensus for given items.
Return list of sids of test songs.
Get a node annotation.
Get snapshot data.
Get session counter.
Write a string table to an XML file.
Raise an exception.
Decorator for dispatch.
Displays the current error and traceback.
Return True if there is a pytest ignore file.
Load a glyph for the given character.
Return the first and last day of the given month.
Get a list of notifiers.
Inverse of a 1D vector.
Round n to the nearest integer b.
Rotate a mesh around an axis.
Check if there is an upgrade available for a given package.
Return commit message for suggestion.
A simple task that creates a task for sending emails.
Allows the decorated function to be publicly available.
Return list of valid fields for given resource.
Rotation matrix from p to q
test get and set vector
Returns a list of all enabled and disabled configurations.
Return the grains from the minion
Prepare value for lookup.
Read ASCII file with exclude columns.
Convert list a to string.
Return list of agents.
Detect executable paths in a list of values.
Set properties for an image.
Set gl entries by account
Get messages for a report
URL - encode a string.
Initialize environment variables for OS 2.
Convert a date object to a string.
Find migrations repository.
Recursively loop through all rules in match rule and add them to list.
Try to find the executable for the given command.
Convert text to inet aton.
Return the number of lines and width of the terminal.
Convert a dense tensor to a sparse matrix.
Cache a local file if it exists.
URL for removing a tag from a question.
Inject pyopengl functions into namespace.
Get the URL of a remote repository.
Check if there is a collision between two rectangles.
Extracts the error message from a page.
Set a HTTP proxy to use for future requests.
Returns True if the given name should be ignored.
Get the title of a media instance.
Start logging to a file.
Check if the server is alive.
Return list of bypass servers
Parse a string according to the OnBlog regular expression.
Create a new id for the given entry.
Get a phylogenetic metric by name.
Loose version of test warning config
Decode a base64 string.
Generate a random salt.
Format a stat response.
Create a base cipher.
Add a set of vertices to the output file.
Split an iterable into n - sized chunks.
Extract environment variable from segment info.
Get access key from environment variables.
Get the currently running job.
Remove a directory. If the directory does not exist nothing happens.
Returns True if the specified user has any votes available for the current site.
Find scopes for a given service or a list of services.
Undo the insertion order for extended insertions.
Remove leading blank lines from a list.
Check the valid version of Bower.
Return the name of an item.
Return a random string of the given length and chars.
Get crafted text from text.
Create a manifest from an XML file.
plaintext to html
Port in acknowledgement.
Format a number of bytes into a human - readable string.
Add handler for qute settings page
Horizontally stack a sequence of arrays.
Initialize readline module.
resize images with pngcrush
Check if the action is required.
submit for review
Sends an e - mail based on the current settings.
Language rebulk.
Copy query options to protocol buffer.
Compute the angle and axis of a rotation matrix.
Represent auth user in S3 format.
Split string into quoted string and remaining string.
SRP loop.
Safely update dict to with dict from.
Create a new user.
Load a list of images.
Returns a string with the specified number of tabs.
Create a recurring job.
Returns True if x is at the origin.
Update or create a volume type with the given extra specs.
Find all tests in the given testdir.
Add a number of units to a time.
Initialize a new log handler.
Calculate contrast allpairs.
Get the root device name from a properties dict.
Filter a sos array and return a zi array.
Return the vocabulary as a JSON string.
Test the pick channels method.
Callback for the ownership plugin.
Find the left most complex point in a list of points.
Initialize database.
Returns a list of association dicts for the given qos specs id.
Convert a Timestamp protobuf to a datetime. datetime.
Cache a resource id.
Package builds a tarball of the installed packages.
Set the logger class.
Index of the minimum value of a dataset.
Feermat function from scipy. optimize. fermat.
Get BeautifulSoup element.
Computes the derivative of the function with respect to g.
Send email notification for a new language for a project.
Kernel function.
Make a symbolic link to a backup.
Show a specific framework.
Get a hosted zone by name and id.
Remove potential files that do not match the file specified by num.
Open a resource.
NAME xlsx2py. py
Create a pairtree marker file if it does not exist.
Maximum Cost estimation algorithm.
Factory to create an application container.
Silence sys. stdout and sys. stderr during the contextmanager.
Test constrained filter with maximum norm.
Read data with a delimiter.
Returns the readme files dict for the tool shed.
Read a cronapp. croninfo file and parse its contents.
Return gated content for a user in a course.
Create a certificate issuer object.
Check if user has permission for group or org.
Train with YAML file.
Process escape sequences in text.
Parse a rarefaction filename.
Print information about the virtual machine.
Parse a range header.
return file and modulename
Create a new version for an upload.
List available modules.
Compute the compression rate from the meta data.
Add a translation file for a plugin.
Get result type.
Validate url against list of protocols.
Uninstall packages that aren t installed.
Get the type of a datashape as a Numba type.
Show the bokehjs documentation.
Create a datetime object from the given uuid.
Create a DHCP options resource.
Return a list of tuples where the first element is a variable name and the second element is
contiguous version of ascontiguousarray.
Get the angle of the interior overhang of an element.
Looks up the candidates for the given paths.
When a title is deleted we need to remove the language from the page and mark the descendants as
Validate a parameter from the request.
Initialize the audio codec.
Return a new dictionary with dict a added to dict b.
Find the orthogonal projection of an array.
Yield tuples of verbose name and model.
Return the type of the vda
List all the nodes with full information.
Check if a device exists.
Test rendering of markers.
Prompt the user for a password.
Create a delimited list expression.
Get all unittest. test cases from a module.
Get all PCI devices with the given instance uuid.
R6 test objective function
Generate a random JID.
rmtree fails if the directory does not exist.
Return qt application instance.
Add one or more objects depending on the memory of the device.
Get the version number of Moose
Connect to a database.
Run a command line tool and return the docstring.
Return a random key for descending order.
Return True if file is a tty.
Convert an RGB array to RGBA.
Return True if the object has a duplicate with the same txn id.
Consul agent checks.
Returns a vim. vm. device. VirtualDeviceSpec specifying a new IDE controller
Get image blob from input image.
Stop memory profiling.
Convert unicode to unicode if necessary.
Create a date object from a string.
Returns the id of the longest sequence from a list of ids.
A context manager that raises or raises a value error.
Add sparse endpoints from a segment.
Simplify a parser.
Convert a version string to a tuple.
Change the owner and group of a file.
Get managed cloud config value for vm.
Return a list of problems with the help text for the given command.
Return a consumer for the given request.
chomp commit offset from version string.
Check if the hostname is valid.
Return the current media player time.
Get the simple version from a version string.
Format IPv4 address as hex string.
Run a function as a wsgi server.
Initialize a TCP connection to a host and port.
Complex conjugate of a number.
Return two dictionaries with a counter.
Loweress bisquare.
Split host into host and port tuple.
Generate code for a template node.
Read end archive64 data.
Python 3. 6 raises comma.
Compute mne loc.
Return a list of directories to search for resources.
Get linux adapter name and IP address.
Redirect to index page.
minify a javascript string
Remove a security group from a server.
Helper function for the node item tool tip.
Return a 403 bad request response.
Validate an XML file against a schema.
Test the description of a scenario.
Compute the covariance matrix of the HCV - HC2 test.
Send email to users.
Print basic debug information.
Log a message to the root logger.
Manage user profile status
Deconstruct a timestamp from an asset id.
Determine whether or not this environment is virtual.
Sends the email to the user.
List certificates for a service.
Escape special characters in a string.
Sort a dictionary by its keys in reverse order.
Normalize a float so that it is less than or equal to num.
Expand or shorten a URL.
Remove compiled application
Return a short description of the file.
Display a list of transactions.
Choose backup mode.
Get logger instance.
Generate a URL for a view.
Polynomial primitive in x0.
Monkeypatch threading module and gevent. local thread.
Check if the operating system supports avx.
yank nth arg.
Unescape a string.
Get the language code from the path.
Get arounds from a list of paths.
Clean up old images.
Returns the code of the first supported language variant for the given language code.
test if p is a list or tuple
Part of a channel.
Make test cases with allocated sizes.
Build and run the script.
Example tumbolia command.
Writes all the messages in message descriptors to out.
Remove identity.
Recursively set file and folder permissions.
Make file fn readable and writable.
Validate commit message.
Return True if dist is in user site otherwise return False.
Change the type of a volume.
Class decorator that makes unicode class compatible with Python 2.
Transpose a vectorized matrix.
Convert a color value to a string.
Like Django. utils. timesince but returns a string instead of representing the time until the given
Return grains values for a given grain family
Serialize obj to JSON using json. dumps.
Get all instance uuids for a given host.
Delete a document if it exists.
List installed apps.
Get rfx object from packetid.
Parse a list of sentences using a grammar.
Get pyos inputhook.
Parse a jenkins project response.
Generate a unique filename for the announcement.
Detect CSV format in given stream.
Adds summary ops for the given gradients.
Parse credentials from options.
Log msg % args with severity NOTICE.
Validate an integer.
Write string to output buffer.
Returns a dictionary of language codes for the specified site.
Convert a value into a JS object.
Convert a string to a list.
Read a pcap file.
Drop missing values from y and x.
Monitor the journal for changes
Block a twitter account
Test the sample decision tree.
List virtual interfaces.
Save the buffer in the multi editor.
Get a group by id.
Convert a base36 string to a base64 string.
Sends an e - mail to every app that has submitted reviews for the last 24 hours.
Enable a service.
protoc plugin entry point
Test that t1 has a grouped copy of its table.
Depth - first binary search.
Return the default nodename for the given hostname.
Make a POST request to Koji.
Searches for the given path using the registered finders.
Find element by id.
Returns a list of available languages.
The default handler for password reset.
Try to find readline library.
Yields items from the given function in reverse order.
Test gridsearch.
Fail if first and second do not refer to the same object.
Create a shape from a pen.
Concatenates multiple tensors along an axis.
Set a font.
Get faults for given instance uuids.
Get the breadcrumbs for a query and path.
Validate a bug tracker URL.
Calls a program and waits for it to finish.
Returns the custom field context for this request.
Rebuilds the code from the marshalled bytecode.
Get the index of a constant in an impact function.
Return a file descriptor to the lockfile and the server.
Merge hosts and roles into a single list.
Stricter version of require
Round a number to three places.
Click an element.
Get xunit function from object.
Read configuration file.
Prepare the asides to store in the database.
Resume an instance
Truncates the value to the specified length in html.
Process guides from grains. txt.
Check if there is a rewrite for this arg.
Check and fix gcs uri.
Provide a tooltip for the form field.
Get the numpy dtype for the given numpy dtype.
Update incompatible versions of an addon
Get the gecos of a name.
Returns a list of paths from the given indexes.
Yields a tuple of the line number and the string if the line contains a blank line
Return a list of all files in the build directory.
Get driver data.
Return the name of a function.
Isolate a lru cache.
Get the DHCP for a VM.
Sets the attribute dictionary by the given arguments.
Get a list of minibatches of a given size.
Walk the package tree and check that all imported packages are not in the ignore list
Load an object from a module.
Expand the dimensions of an array along a given axis.
Test whether tensors a and b are all equal.
Convert a list of issues into a dictionary.
Get the filesystem encoding.
View for a beta signed log
Return a list of all the serial ports.
Get the MAC address of the network interface.
Multiply a RHS by another variable.
Generate a datafile.
Converts the given element node and all its children to output geometry.
Shows a progress bar for the given iterable.
Reshape x to a specified number of dimensions.
Hook before run code.
Test learning scale propagated at alloc.
Embed an albumartist into an image.
Executes the specified command.
Seed random number generators.
Test getting a single user.
Replace an atom element by its HTML representation.
Convert an integer mode value to a signed integer.
Group sums.
Convert the given element node to the output geometry.
Replace existing loggers with child loggers.
Open multiple clients group by serial number.
Polynomial linear operator.
Traverse a gpuarray and store the result in d.
If text is not None then command output should not contain text.
Map a list of requests into a list of responses.
Create a flavor.
Parse the command line arguments.
Find the least common prefix of each element in an array.
Get the offset from the offset file
Plot a polar distribution.
Parse an XML document from a response.
Setup logging.
Check if n is a tuple.
Patches the emr timeline with a patched version of the EMR timeline.
Get the path to a resource in a virtualenv.
Returns the  sentinel object
Remove a contributor to a document.
Deprecated version of add slash.
Return a list of packages that match the query.
Render a DSON file into a Python dictionary.
Manage project.
Writes the output to a file.
Replace bad files with good ones.
Transmit a message to the remote yard.
trigger restart process
Run vision on a set of input files.
Check if a requirement is available.
Update request session language.
Setup the platform.
Validates that the value is a valid slug.
Test atomic failure of an atomic segment.
Return pad parameters for a curve value and threshold.
Return a load of all returners for a given job id
Check that the user is not installing any packages.
Runs the NES test.
Run a test suite with no targets.
Return the current working directory.
Adds a path to the infill path list.
List vrrps.
Rebulk release group rules.
Parse the text at the i th character.
Return a generator of all the annotations that match the anno and any in the task.
Get a list of ordered categories
Convert an IP address to binary form.
Checks if a string is a valid IPv6 address.
Search for a port by name.
Get the full path to the makefile.
p expression binop.
Poll the network periodically.
Returns the rootdir of the given path.
Enable the named jenkins job.
Create a new figure manager and return it
Return translatable html for txt.
Authenticate a user using the crypto library.
Sum the parts of an array
Merge two dictionaries into one.
Convert timedelta to days.
Serialize data to JSON.
Create a templated plugin class.
Compute the mean variance variance variance variance and cohen effect size.
Return the base name of a file or directory.
Get a tenant by name.
Write the contents of a file to the log.
Computes the gradient of a constant expression.
Return the partition of the value in the interval [ num num ).
Decode base64 text.
Run pip on the newer versions of pip.
Yield addons with a fixed number of categories.
Distribute keys to all redis servers
Get manipulated paths.
Run the http client for the appengine app engine.
Read pillar data from vault
disable password auth on an sshd instance
Get bucket metadata
Create a test image.
Integrated forest test.
List users in a MongoDB database.
Returns the current working directory.
Get crafted text for a file.
Watches a function or function for changes.
Return pretty string representation of relation type.
Runs a pipeline to download GPG and LZA files.
Write chain text with noun.
Get a server for a service group
Query the database for notes.
Get the names of the arguments of a function.
Print an error message to stderr.
Indents the specified range of text.
JSONable server error handler.
Return a list of intersection loops.
Begin a block of data.
Return information about a given jid
Restore warnings state.
Replace the absolute part of a link in a regex match.
Get the color name for a given value.
addreferencetofileandpath conflict test
Return the current runlevel
Generate random bagging indices.
Set an environment variable using os. environ.
Create an error object.
Returns True if l has exactly n elements.
Inverse of butterworth lp.
Get kernel file.
Build wedge text data source.
Get netstat information from bsd
Create init. py file in parent dir.
Check if swift is virtual.
Run pip test scripts after installing a wheel.
Perceptron output function
PDF for Inverse Gamma prior
Check the version number of the client.
Mocked get release by id.
Doctest for float doctests.
Create a bull graph.
Distributed server test.
Decodes base64 string into unicode string.
Sanitize a filename.
Combine multiple ranges into a single range.
Pretty print a Python object.
Get indexer absolute number.
Initialize the zone interval.
Sanitize a URL.
Process the graph and print the results.
Get the command line arguments from the docstring of the given object.
Dirichlet logpdf of a vector.
Create a base64 - encoded url with data.
Update a collection summary.
Create a parameter
Check if current event is safe or not.
test render without bem
Install a pip - style requirements file.
View a storage account table.
reset locale to default
Return True if the Unicode character unichar is a printable character.
Get the machine key.
Accepts a custom type and checks that it works.
Returns True if the given segment matches the given section.
Simple test that logs to STATSD fails.
Yield successive n - sized chunks from sequence.
Return the current thread names as a string.
Combine multiple games into a single sequence of plays.
Get a class from a module.
Replacement for generic deferred attribute.
Find the credentials for the specified host.
Filter for truncated URLs.
icrs with the same arguments as icrs.
Get all questions for a given survey id.
Wrap neg index so that it is negative.
Serve the map page.
Returns True if test doesn t end with one of the endings.
Get the key from the config file.
An argparse type representing a path to a directory.
Enables a service.
Find the management module for a given application.
check if user tags exist in database
test feature max length
Returns a list of roles with the specified permission.
Get fans of an object.
Returns a set of symbols that are unresolved in the given hex code.
Get locale.
test kde for integer input
URL - safe version of urllib. quote
Render a template file using wempy.
Get a list of tiles from the config.
Returns a dictionary of URLs to favorites for the given user and content object.
Try to load a file from a template.
Setup the sauce webdriver.
Return True if pathname is a directory.
Get pillar data.
Get collection rights.
Find the root location of the given resource.
Get the geometry output for the given xml element.
Return the inverse permutation of a permutation matrix.
Moving average.
Clone a BeautifulSoup element.
Returns a new derivation object.
Create a server and client for the given realm.
Convert a journal object to txt.
Test conversion of an RGB color to HSL.
Send text to the player.
Set an indicator for a column.
Remove a bench application.
Get the status of a task.
Fix vc macro slashes in string s.
rc interactive mode
Split value by quotes.
Test the sparse activation function.
Register the language manager.
Normalize aws facts.
Join segment tables into into table.
Fill include include exclude names.
Write to file descriptor.
Test that the plotpsd function works.
List organizations or org revisions.
Convert MC residuals to MTNC.
Get season data from nz file.
Convert list of paths to native paths.
Load the status of all channels.
Dump data to a pickled string.
ARGS - > dict ARGS - > dict
Create a topo optimizer from a list of options.
Get block device mapping from image.
Merge another configuration into the base configuration
Remove any joinables in the list names.
Return libvlc audio format callbacks.
Map descendant addresses to globs.
Get server type from JSON doc.
Generate a fingerprint for a set of samples.
Check if x is an integer.
Convert input into a linear operator.
Returns a datetime object with the current epoch.
pyi. Builder. tkinter = tkinter
Suspend a connection.
Try to import imageio and pil
Get the app server endpoint.
Check if string is empty or not.
Filter a report.
Accept connections forever.
Write the corrected mapping to a file.
Read a text file.
Process a mistral configuration file.
Show version of a device.
Authorize a user with a given credentials.
Return a datetime. datetime for the current time.
Processes a list of URLs.
Create a row type.
Ensure a VPN forwarding exists for the given IP address and port.
Add media parameters to a URL.
Check that num is a valid float range
p [ num ] = p [ num ]
Get the step state for a given step.
Returns the URL of the page with the given slug.
Show all hardware events
Redirect the user to the create page.
Run a command inside a directory and check its output.
Save a NZB file.
Disassociate all objects from a fixed IP address.
Main function for galhtml.
Get an item from the database.
Generate a signature
Get foreground and background colors for the given display name.
Check if the given response has a header with the given query string.
Get the full path to a template file.
Calculate the data given a number of times.
Set ssl certificate key.
Context manager to temporarily set a locale.
Wraps a Python iterator that accepts one or more types.
Test that the icon of arceus is the same as the normal.
Apk test.
Find sockfiles in search dirs and default.
Load a yaml config file.
Returns the string representation of an IP version.
Require required packages.
Flatten a response.
Remove all keys from a database.
Check if a pipe string is a valid rendering pipe string.
Split a sentence on stems
Generate a vulnerability header for the given resource.
Returns the full path to the python executable.
Reverts a multivariate polynomial.
Tensorflow tower loss.
Returns a list of complete paths for the given path.
Proxyconnect view.
Return divs for the given form and fields.
Convert a string to unicode if it isn t already.
Ensure that the project repository is up to date.
Convert an instance to a string.
Run a bokeh installer in the specified environment.
Singular Value Decomposition.
Make a multi - dimensional grid of arrays.
Increase the logarithm of two numbers.
Inverse of urllib. urlencode.
Parses comments into triples.
Parse a list rule.
Compose a name for a resource.
Create a document in an index
Return a unique slug for the given value.
Remove document permissions.
Return the output target extension for the given spec.
Create tracking context for a user.
Run gooey. gui. patch on a directory.
Check if a file is an archive.
Check correct pip version.
Determine whether all words have the same cap.
Yield all imported modules for the given package.
Determine if the user may certify for this course.
activate the environment from the given path.
Update a user.
Recursively update dict dest with upd.
Prepare create request.
Create a directive string for a module.
Returns the filename of the current state file.
Get units from kwargs.
Parallel version of numpy. parallel. pairwise.
Circularly shift a left - b
Preserve font size.
Return True if s is a multiline string.
Run scikit - learn and cross - validation.
Prompt user for action.
Convert bytes to human readable string.
Currency formatter.
Test that the classification report is imbalanced.
Remove build artifacts.
Assert that tps is the same as num.
Construct doc2author dict from corpus and author2doc.
Delete a resource class.
Returns the contents of a PSEA file as a string.
Insert a host into the database.
SciPy autoencoder with sparse autoencoder.
Return a dict of absent values for the given profile.
Install ez from scratch.
Fail if first and second do not refer to the same object.
Test the evaluation report.
Regression test for 4033.
Duplicates zz irreducible p.
Get the timeout for the given gross time.
Fixup ff4 encoding.
R11 test objective function
Get the current telephony sim state.
Encode a thing to the system encoding.
Returns the initial data for the given form.
Checkout form.
Escape a string for use as a variable expansion.
Create a set of slices for the given index.
Process show version information from a device.
Check if the number of channels has changed.
Wait for a job to finish.
Create a new user and profile.
Creates a connection to the cloud load balancer.
expand 32 bits
Returns the fileno of the given file or None if f is an integral file.
Apply constraints to the input vector.
Smash params into request and response.
Get a hosting service by name.
Swap the xapi host portion of a URL.
Parse options passed to the ETHTOOLS command line.
Get proxies environment.
Context manager to save the current working directory.
Get the logging level for the given runlevel.
Setup the platform.
Read a record from a file handle.
Server version of the computer.
Upload a file.
Get the kind of the key.
Partial maximum.
Check for trailing blank lines.
Initialize the database connection.
Simple test to see if we can serve a template.
Optimal backtracking.
Decorator for handling uncaught API errors.
Get all videos for a course
statement num ++
Filter string using escapejs function.
Check all running tasks.
Return a list of files and extensions.
Single item selected by user.
Compute the reference matrix between two vectors.
Setup the stubs.
Get a tuple of all variables in a given scope.
Indent method.
Convert an XML doc to a string.
Recursively strip filenames from descriptor and its children.
Run a feature without a name.
Connect to SQS.
Get all MFA devices for a user.
List of all documents.
Encode a time in sha512 format.
Update the top contributors.
Right param of a and b
Return filenames that are not in the list of exclusions.
Symmetric skew - symmetric cross - product.
Write conditional formatting.
Change the workphone for a channel.
Return a dictionary of fixers for the grammar head.
Context manager that sets a flag indicating that the context is about to exit.
Redirect to S3 if HRM mode is none.
Create a column type.
Check if a key is encrypted or not.
Convert a numerical value to a string in Norwegian notation.
Serve a ember application.
Validate lms config.
Unregister a hosting service by name.
Decorate a function to indicate that the user is not logged in.
Return an iterator over the lines of the request body.
Returns the syllabus section for the given section key
Return a list of directories where the name starts with match.
Get the width of the longest character in a string.
Destroy a droplet.
Create a link to the site - packages link.
Convert sina xml to url list.
Create a Python environment.
Main entry point for the ansible - server script.
Linear Regression Coefficient Interception with given count.
Center x on the unit square of its columns.
Run a feature and assert its output is colorless.
Build a graph from a cursor.
Build ad group criterion.
Check the status of a datastream.
Check equality of numpy arrays.
Attempt to find a drum group device for the given device or chain.
Return the base name of the given dev.
Prepare environment variables.
Reduce precision of svg element.
Render purchase form as HTML.
Return a list of commands to use for the command line interface.
Edit an account.
Get the id of an object.
Generate extractors.
Find the renderer for the given object.
Convert a file object to a file descriptor.
Maximum Likelihood Error.
Open default application.
handle cherrypy namespaces
Minimum memory safe version of the dataset.
Print error message if in development mode.
Parse a line into key value pair.
Similar to eagerload except that the joined loads are loaded first.
Returns the number of seconds since the given timestamp.
Parse an HTML string.
Return whether or not the system is virtual
Run command with sanity code smelling.
Set the creation order of an instance.
Prepare data for filtering.
Send a Magic Packet to wake up a Minion.
Generate a generic factor expression.
KEGG conversion function.
Get redis service.
List all VPC regions.
Full max op.
Get a sorted list of all files in the store.
Get limits for logging from a remote host.
Normalize references to environment variables.
Determine if data sharing consent is required at login.
Initialize logging for multiprocessing.
Test that django admin media serving works.
Set the dirty flag for the thread using.
Return the identity of the given argument.
Invalidate all edges from a node.
Returns the decimal symbol for the locale
Check that a property value is well - formed.
Fold the arguments of a signature.
Marks the decorated function as skip doctests.
Get a writer for the given file extension.
Compile a string without unary operator.
test equality of frozenset objects
Unwrap a test suite.
Bootstrap an ubuntu container
Check if a path is a file or directory.
Show help for the given path.
Create environment variables for working with temp files.
Evaluate filters on a document.
Search related pages for vitem.
Reserves a vlanid for use.
Notifies subscribers of a new translation.
get all the fields from a table
Returns whether or not we re running a virtual server.
Test precision recall and f1 score.
Exponential random variates.
Cleanup random number generators.
Returns net connections of the specified kind.
Return the URL for the given week.
Generate a redis key from a salted set of arguments.
Match a keyword expression to a column item.
Return the version string for the specified version number.
Plot sparse source estimates.
Register a listener to listen for events.
Run systemctl and reload the salt context.
Get the output geometry of a polygon lineation.
Compute the strict consensus on the given trees.
Gaussian gauss wave.
extrude a file
describe the DCC address and port
diagonal of roberts filter
Rearrange a DataFrame by a column disk - based partition.
Azure Login Endpoint.
Test for unicode paths in filename.
Redirect to the specified endpoint or the next endpoint if none is specified.
LU factorization inequality.
Send an e - mail to a user.
Show the database schema version.
Reject suggestion for a thread.
Check if the two blocks are equivalent.
Run correlation test.
cdlonneck conic interaction with talib
Returns a set of types that can pass through arg.
Indent genbank information.
Return a list of the jids in the job directory.
Build a WSGI request object.
Check if a check exists.
Parse a HTTP header line.
Format a mapdict into a list of options and values.
Check if user has permission for project.
replace update column via setitem warnings
Create a string from dimension and hierarchy.
Apply palette256 colors to an image.
Get collection summary by id.
Feature clustering.
Runs the script and tests that the output of the script does not contain any nonexistent options
Test the fcrypt fcrypt module.
Asserts that the argument is a boolean
Preserve whitespace.
Factorize a list of iterables into a list of lists
Return api url from web url.
Download all files from S3.
Width of a tile perimeter.
Extract VRF body from response
Remove a directory tree.
Format the difference between two datetime objects as a human readable string.
Return the line number in the source code corresponding to loc.
Import a class from a module.
Return virtual grains
Read a line of text and a noescape pair.
Migrate all objects of the given type from the root aff4 file.
Set the global logger class.
Update the version number of an RDF file.
Rewrite a file by applying transforms to each line.
Returns a new lineation derivation.
Generates a test file for the given target and source.
Get the sosfiltfilt object.
Encode input as a hex string.
load a movie from a file
Returns a list of URL patterns for the given prefix and args.
Returns the index of the given key in the given enum.
Create an nd array from an array like object.
Return the number of seconds it took to check promo health
calc array sizeof
Main entry point for the demo.
Check if a new version of pypi is available.
Returns True if all values in seq are equal False otherwise.
Return True if the user is allowed to tag the object.
Run a shell command in the current working directory.
Return the last modification date for the given name.
No thousand separator.
Check if azure is installed and up - to - date
Prints information about all registered commands and plugins.
Returns the mmap representation of the given array.
Run the lazy loader with the given options.
Parses a mime - type into its component parts.
Remove cached files and environment variables for all backends
Process command received from the front - end.
test event collection switch orientation 2x
Return whether or not the system is virtual
RELEASE complete ms to net.
Check to see if a policy exists.
Parse page for file paths.
Read config files and make sure they only contain strings.
Upload a file to GCS.
Set owner and geofence permissions for this resource.
Set the log format
Grant access to shared folders to a specified list of users.
Checks if the given label is a directory or not.
Shutdown threads.
Make an HTTP request and return the results.
Return the number of free cpus
Add a notification driver.
Return path relative to start.
Setup the test databases.
Manage facility usage data.
Initialize dataflash logger
Start a fake server for a service.
Use the aio library.
Find substring.
Format a list of DNS records into a string.
Extract events from keen. io.
Round matrix to the nearest integer greater than or equal to target.
Update a cyg arch using cygwin.
Read ascii file and see if it can convert to str.
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
Append a string to the end of a string if it doesn t end in a string
Get the size of the current file.
Create a default SSL context.
Delete one or more files from the blobstore.
Initialize the link module.
Validate user name.
Convert base type to t.
Set a safe attribute of an instance.
Get the image for a given server.
deploy a git repository
Split a list into chunks of max rows.
Returns a dictionary of default urls for geoserver
Return the version of the system
Format a datetime object as a date string.
Validate email address.
Main handler for the cherrypy api
Check if a vlan id exists.
Get a clean copy of the environment.
Stop application.
Return a copy of the string with all occurrences of pattern replaced with replacement.
Replay load template name.
Create a mock client and send data.
Represent project status.
Check the validity of a DNS name.
Return a cycle of colors.
Run the final layer of the network.
Download a file from a URL.
Postscript wrapper.
Parse a directive string.
Clean the lock file.
Attempt to recover the result of a function call using the given connection pool.
Takes a list of float values and returns the corresponding vector3 object.
Test whether a set of points are within a specified radius of a center.
Return a git line for the given items.
Formats a float.
Count the number of occurrences of each element in an iterable.
Run a command on all nodes.
Split text into a list of lines.
Checks if point is added to the path starting at point.
Return the number of results matching the query in the database.
Import data from a CSV stream into a data set.
Iterate over a GPI11 file.
Get all possible name fields for a model.
Partitions the given counts into buckets of size n using greedy algorithm.
List all available configurations.
Search labels.
Run a single parameter definition.
Get the vcpu pin IDs.
Edit snippet.
Claim a worker for cleanup.
Convert a version string to a list.
Find a rescue device for a given instance.
Get installed apps.
Remove missing values from a series.
Check if the schedule is enabled
Show the interfaces on the system.
Get information about the mongo server
Check if a file exists.
Plot a legend.
Set integer value from string.
Load a git repository into elasticsearch.
Print the current alias.
Create a failure object from a JSON dict.
Calculate checksum of IP.
Create a memoryview of the given size.
Run go test.
Simplify variable coeffs.
Return a host lease for the current host.
Reset a git repository to its initial state.
Computes the contrastive loss.
Get the username and key from settings. sauce.
Initialize the directory structure.
Get the link to the resource.
Check if filename matches any of the regular expressions in matchers.
Replace all occurrences of a prefix in a URL.
Handle variable.
Return the organization object for the given ava.
Set whether or not remote login is enabled.
Check a password against a user.
Return a list of lun ids that are not used.
Apply yui compressor.
Search woeid. org.
Secret model generator.
P num = 1 p [ num ] = p
Copy a Django template to another directory.
Validate that the arch element is a valid arch element.
Called when the given future completes.
Return a set of keyword arguments to pass to cls.
START DTMF Section 9. 2. 18
Test the fitness of a genome.
Get the current registry.
copula bv - > Ev
Preload one or more modules.
Translate formula.
Enable logging in celery.
Check if a course is small or not.
Show the group package.
Initialize cuckoo modules.
Dump the schema of the database.
Manage imported files for a given version.
Get rsa public key
Convert list to numpy array.
Set the value of a config option.
Redirect to S3 with a default URL.
Get a list of subplotspec for a list of axes or locator.
Attach Epics to a queryset.
Spawns a process and squashs the output of the process into a message.
Encodes an integer using the specified prefix and number of bits.
Convert value to boolean.
Get the name of the specified principal.
Entry point for the test suite.
Unparse an endpoint description.
Use secedit to update the config file
Set attributes on a queue.
Get the date for a given node.
Get fundamentals path.
Delete a virtual machine
Render a field and label.
Shuffle an array.
A context manager that deletes a value from a generator.
Clear the cache.
Apply a change.
Split null strings into a list.
Run a shell command and return the output.
Returns a tree of all the files that should be included in the coverage report.
Validate that argument is a positive integer.
Return the number of bytes requested.
Run jsonreport.
Get metrics from buddyinfo file.
Loop detection.
Build an expected frequency matrix.
Return a toctree - like object representing the content of the document.
Return the path to the project data directory.
Determine if there are visible panes in the setup wizard.
Raise an error.
Perform the Hadamard product of a sequence of matrices.
Wait for a write event on a file descriptor.
Update a comment
Generate the HTTP response headers.
Rsync an IP address.
Returns a list of nodes ready to be serialised.
Start OpenVZ containers.
Lookup instance by name label.
Find tcl directory and tk version.
Configure the platform.
Parse a row of data using the given parsers.
Returns the free bytes and total bytes for a folder.
Returns True if the filter matches the specified language.
Pull a string from the terminal.
Send a row to the API.
Create a MongoDB field name from a key value pair.
Write ascii file with comments.
Convert an error to a images service error.
Class decorator for abstract classes.
Make or verify a directory.
Get precision value from XML element
Remove empty lines from text.
Delete the named vm
update channel value.
Decode a single image using the input shp and rings.
Get a value from the configuration.
Query the namespaces API.
Get window analyze file given text.
Check that a reference exists.
Create a link template element.
Add a policy to a user.
IPython 2 version of ipyfunc2
Get crafted text for a file.
Get the module name from a file name.
Get documented in docstring.
Run pip and check that the output matches the output columns.
Returns true if the loop intersecting the given point.
Fake platform for distutils.
Detach a device from a zpool
set the group value for a channel
Add platform and version to sys. path.
Create a storage container
Test determinism hatches.
List permissions for a vhost
Returns a random slice of the queryset.
Make a channel object.
Shows an error dialog and returns None
Organizes the path of the executable.
List available and available plugins.
Configure the platform.
remux audio to muxapp
Sanitise a JSON error dict.
Translate a glob pattern to a regular expression.
List team members.
Install a configuration module.
Delete a contact field.
Remove version from href.
Unpacks a code string into a python code string.
compare fancyarrow dpi with 100dpi
Perform a linear recurrence.
Test scikit - learn pipeline.
Check if two floating point numbers are within a tolerance.
Read file and return items.
Update supported locales for multiple webapps.
Get cap alert addresses
Quit window.
Interpolate string with cache slug.
Test for str repr.
Return the name of the file at the given path.
Manage receivables.
Yield imports on the given line.
Get a versioneer configuration object.
Pause a running container
Run vulture against a list of files.
Determine disk image type.
Get a relationship.
Link to the document.
Get output filename.
Create insert query for model.
Redirect to S3.
Run the main loop.
Repeats the current tracklist.
Return relative path from a to path relative to reference.
Compute the distance to a given point on the sphere.
Delete all application tarballs in the specified location.
Update translation catalogs in the project directory.
Extract a sign intpart fraction expo from a string.
Refresh the brew database
capitaine precession matrix
Evaluate polynomial expansion.
Close the pipeline and wait for it to finish.
Return the last stored primary server name or None.
Make a PUT request to the API.
Returns a weighted subgrader for the given conf.
install yum package
Log msg % args with exception info.
collectd configure function
set the icon of a file
Temporarily redirect webengine data to the data directory.
Split what.
Check group status
Fetch all datastore entities.
Get test hooks for all modules in the given test files.
Look up an ssh host from the config.
Get a snippet sequence.
Test if a and b are numeric like.
Get orders from request. args.
Setup backups.
Creates a new user with the specified username and password.
Represent step as a step object.
Iterate over items of a multi - dict or multi - dict.
Test if cx oracle is available.
Set up throttle usage and dispatch.
Return a list of SQLAlchemy tables for the database.
Set the title of a media player.
Remove a person from the current site when a superuser is removed.
Check if an argument is overflow.
Decode a dictionary from a byte stream.
Parse OpenSSH output and yield dicts.
Create a file digest for the given file.
Pretty print a dictionary of attributes.
Learner profile page
Eradicates all the questions in the system.
Google search.
Returns a handler for the given request and response
Return whether rush is enabled for the current thread.
Deserialize a stream or string of JSON.
Test that x is 2d.
Get all volume types in a group.
Returns the fitness of the genome as an integer.
Open cover for an entity.
Reset API key.
Register the language manager.
Gallery page.
Backported FDR correction.
Return the path to the GPG executable.
Get information about a fort.
Get crafted text from the given text.
Download a file from the dailymotion site.
Returns True if the string contains surrogates.
Format coredump output into a dictionary.
Add a local file to scan.
Return system release and version information for the current platform.
Test sph to cart conversion.
Split mime type into main type sub type.
Get the proxies for the current environment.
Poll twilio for new messages
Check if user has access to course key.
Run a pip script in a virtualenv.
Disable a ha server.
Mac OS X
Show migrations that have changed.
Create a sitelink feed item for the given feed item id.
Returns the os release string for the specified attribute.
Remove the destination directory if it exists.
Check if color is foreground light.
Get yubico users.
Set or unset keys for a type.
Get the index of the channel in the instance.
Get the most evoked data.
Run the migrations.
Deserialize a usage key from a string.
Get queries from all installed plugins.
Delete group.
Set a value in a dbus section.
Set the script prefix.
Create a listener for version information.
List configuration options.
Generate project list file.
Recursively update resources from a dictionary.
Write data to ascii file with fixed width
Return a list of nodes in the graph that are nodes of identity interface.
Initialize the state of an object and its subobjects.
Check if a package is removed from a directory.
Suspend dbus on this machine.
Get block count url.
Returns the log factorial of x.
Try to guess scheme from url.
Determine if the lookup needs to be distinct.
Terminate all child processes and wait for them to finish.
Match package names against known versions.
Leave a group.
Unit division by string.
twiny plot.
Wrapper for terminal functions.
Upload files to the server.
Returns the last element of the list or None if there is none.
make sample data
Unlock an account
Vote for a thread.
Insert or update a document.
Check if a packet is okay.
Launch the application with the given appfile.
Hash a password.
Populate project info attributes.
Generate an OAuth 2. 0 access token.
Get the output of a vtk object.
Cache the children of the selected trees.
Get the logo option for a video.
A command that returns a list of scheduled requests.
Test permutation t.
Activate account.
Parse a single rule.
Wrapper for linux distribution.
Sanitize and linkify a string.
Squared error.
Find config file.
Returns the reverse url for the given viewname without prefix.
Deletes the virtual interface with the given id.
Build a list of parameters from a tag dictionary.
Convert PEM encoded X. 509 certificate to DER format.
Set the locale for the given category.
Add a module to the cache.
Task error handler.
Format elemcreate element.
Use accelerator to convert agg to wx image and wx bitmap
Create a new set of der objects.
Ping a client.
Generate a secret for use with ansible - filter.
Computes the sign of a constant.
Clean up the database.
Get css dependencies for a given css group.
Return a dictionary with the differences between two dictionaries.
Test that tensor. is flat.
MacDext wrapper for talib. macdext
Delete all orphan object perms.
Join a sequence of unicodes into a single string.
Reboot a virtual machine
Checks to see if the test app can be deployed.
Compute p from fundamental function f.
Apply function with return error.
Right - justify a string to a certain width.
Generate the substitutions for the given options.
Validate the given node json.
Step definition that command output should not contain text.
Remove the test module file.
Add a language dictionary to the code.
Wrapper around distutils. setup.
Push an item to the status dict.
Test that the current language is english.
Generate a random tree and verify it is a tree
Extract settings from master config.
Make pytest runtest hook.
Writes the output to the specified file.
Returns a dictionary of all the messages for this request.
Lockdown a gnome application.
Start a threaded WSGI server.
Add a tenant to a flavor.
Get a list of time zone names
Embed a single album.
Return sequence with right - d threshold.
Convert a date string or list of dates to a number.
List the installed components
Print a deprecation warning.
Shift a path by num.
Locate a pattern in a database.
Generate a grant query
Compute the variance of indicators over the given max dimension.
Get next device name.
Run a test mininet cluster.
Return format and data code for pyo format.
Delete a user from the minion
Validator for named attributes of an object.
Decorator to create an int function from a geom function.
Pretty print a message.
Returns the absolute path to the top of the autotest tree.
Convert a legacy string to flags object.
Get the directory for the feeds library.
Make a pkgng aware of a package
Return key for given collection id and version.
Exit the program with a number.
Saves the results of the predictions in a file.
Format a UTC datetime object as a string.
Returns a string representation of a boolean or number.
Get kerberos principal for hive server.
Return the module for the given app label.
Get the current working directory of the system.
Generate a course key for the given org number and run.
Get the download url template for the specified platform.
Show the details of an instance.
Test the operators of a parameter.
Set up the view types pytest - fixture.
Check if a collection exists.
Test ica scores.
Quote an ETag for inclusion in an HTTP header.
Split a list of fitnesses into two.
Test that column names do not match.
Return bounding box header and optional rotation
Apply an optimizer to a function a and b.
Execute the fmadm load command and return the output
Test that the number of contacts is correct.
Get SAML provider configuration.
Writes backrefs to the target directory.
Check a list of issues.
Creates a constant image of the specified value.
Return a list of selected file descriptors.
View for debug cohort management
Return a help message for x.
introduce a vdi to a server
Run a pytest function if exc is raised with the given message.
Convert an object to dask. DataFrame.
Returns True if circuit represents a nonsparse non - sparse matrix.
Extract messages from an error or exception list.
Return the disabled state of a minion
Flatten a multi - dimensional array.
Get public key from PEM file.
Get install server profiles.
Return the absolute path to a test file.
Manage binaries.
Create a multiple choice xml question.
Get a versioned asset from the filesystem.
Check if convert is installed on the system.
Release one or more titles.
Remove leading and trailing whitespace from output.
Context manager that pins this thread as a master thread.
Get a tuple of values for the given composite key.
Get all snapshots grouped by project.
Prepare a command to be run.
Mark bootstrapped settings as true.
Safe sequence filter.
Get w3af version as a dict.
Return whether or not this is a virtual environment.
Return a shelve file for the parser result store.
get the number of test groups
Get a translation unit from a source string.
Create a consistency group.
Check if the given complexes are inline.
Return True if source is newer than target.
Returns a string representation of a tuple.
Resync a project.
Convolutional input length.
Get the torification function that is transparent.
Identify names in code.
Cancel a draft of a user.
Setup the platform.
lift lift for loops
MODIFY Reject Message
Returns a sorted list of the keys of all the keys in a string.
Main entry point for gdata - org.
Check if the reloader is running.
Spellcheck command.
Delete a stack.
Create a constant of the same type as the given model but filled with zeros.
Decrypt the given key using the given cypher and key
Main entry point for a local ansible module.
Get list from email marketing provider.
Validate a resource.
Check if the user must pass entrance exam.
Decompose kernel into 2x.
Check that the composition is valid.
True if value is not None or field. mode is str.
Parse a vCard from a string.
Include a template tag that renders all the given strings.
port. dl port. dl port. dl port. dl port. dl port. dl port
Test if arguments match argv.
Filter a string by splitting it into slices.
Delete a network interface.
Pretty print a value.
Check if process is running.
Returns a list of users.
Destroy a node.
Computes the summary of a collection and saves it.
Confirm all alerts.
Return the ordinal of the given value.
Update the quota usage for a resource.
bidi tag.
Create new group if it doesn t exist.
Test input.
Computes the dot product of a vector and a matrix.
Create an sls file for the specified format
Change the mac address.
Quote a string for use in a URL.
Get the latest download status.
Processes the options for a modpriv option.
Compile the given source code.
Validate that a sleep time is valid.
Modified from unittest. TestCase.
Get config vars.
Return virtual grains as a tuple
Get user info from S3
Install pyui.
Similar to redirect except that the path is appended to the end of the path and the query
Find all modules in a folder.
Convert the given mode to the clean mode bits.
Checks if the given string is a valid IP address.
Get the image for a vm
Normalize source if it s different from the normpath.
Main entry point for the metric runner.
Create config spec for vmdk attach
Reset syslog configuration parameters.
Read a record from a file handle.
Create a JS alert message.
Get the size of a file.
new limit.
Try to convert a value to an integer between low and high inclusively.
Get profile image storage.
Get the hash of a file.
Update a unit in the unit index.
Deactivate a set of packages.
Runs the demo.
Upgrade to a newer version
Get a value from request.
Update supported locales for a webapp.
Convert an asyncio future to a tornado future.
S3 subsector.
Remove a null logging handler from the root logger.
Prepare input source.
Scale a matrix to a unit norm.
Canonicalize the division operator.
Power on the server.
Backup the configuration to a JSON file.
Get a sorted list of files in a subdir.
Get the uid of a user.
Test harvesting using test runner.
Prompt the user to remove a repository.
test unlink identity
Add locale information to a URL.
Build a websocket upgrade request.
Return nobody s uid.
Parse a block of code into a docstring and a code snippet.
Creates a feature that only contains int64 values.
test cons list
Get track description.
Step a file with the given filename and encoding.
Check that the minimum number of modules are loaded.
Return redis error classes.
Get information about a nupic model
Return a mask of sequences with the given padding value.
Takes a list of shape tuples and returns the largest shape.
Join multiple paths together and return the result.
Split objs into two lists based on predicate pred.
Runs f with stdin and stdout redirected to the same location.
Test whether a file exists.
Poisson log - probability density function for categorical samples.
Run a skype command and return its output.
Convert a Python expression into a Python code expression.
Make url from url string.
Normalize a locale name.
Returns a copy of the input iterable partitioned by the indices of the parts.
Create a temporary style file and reload the user library.
Convert vni to binary.
Show the robots page.
Get the value of a metric.
Create a quick kanban board
List all repos on the system
Set http cookie.
Parse media range and return fitness and quality.
Testing function.
Bootstrap a DNS resolver.
Decode feedback data.
List the available keypairs on the minion
Python 3000 has key.
put recon cache entry
Yields a list of diffsets with comments for the current pair.
Create a new der bit string from a binary string.
Render markdown for conditional text.
Extract a constant from a scalar variable or shared variable.
Register a function as a post hook.
View a container.
Returns a tuple of the current status code and a list of IP addresses.
Render a price property for the given item.
Make a sphere model.
Return the image volume object for the specified volume id.
Get a security group.
Auth name.
Create test cache folder.
Uninstall flocker from all nodes.
Class decorator to add sync methods.
Return a string representation of a color in equal space.
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
Return num - th power latex string.
Scan files in output folder and return only output and input files.
Get the full path to a profile.
Returns a generator that yields all IP addresses.
Restart a service
Convert a list of indices to a CSV string.
Delete the ID3v1 or ID3v2 file
Print the given number of bytes.
Return the current state of the database
Safe update last login.
Return the prefix of the pattern if it exists.
Decorator for unit test.
Seek to a position in the playback buffer.
Returns a base64 encoded profile string.
Pretty print a list of strings.
create xml runner for a test
Convert numpy object to JSON format.
Counts the number of elements in n1 from w2.
Wrapper for processutils. execute
Lazy import threaded reactor.
Get a serial number and zone ID.
Create an instance of a class.
Provide a thread traceback for the current user.
Resolves all dependencies for the given targets.
Recursively gets the style value for the specified key.
Generate random usernames.
Linear Regression Coefficient
Clear a libvirt volume.
test integer new ( integer )
Get platform string.
Update the connection info dictionary.
test arg of sigmoid
Generate a TOTP code.
Encode a value as JSON.
One - d norm 2 for vector a.
Unpack a source string into a Python object.
Return True if line ends with a trailing period.
List services.
Checks if the given address is a valid CIDR address.
Return the contents of a pickle file.
Get the name of a submodule given its full name.
Destroy a block device mapping.
Get the perfdata for a given counter.
List all certificates in a certificatestore.
Initialize a failure code.
Get auth url from opts
Returns the user input from a given formatted string
Split addr into local part and domain.
Convert a value to a native Python value.
Get user by username.
Upload the previous version to the server.
True if x is divisible by num.
Format the jid for the given job instance.
Get arounds of a given radius from a given path.
Compute the LAR score.
Get moto version.
Write the RST description to the RST file.
Handles a file upload.
Inject override field data into each block.
Check for misordered fields in entries.
List all reservations for a project.
Yields all test targets in the directory specified by path.
Return a string representation of the given text.
Get minus sign symbol for locale.
Compare the current configuration with the one specified in the configuration file.
Shortcut for the HTTP GET method.
Tag for rendering inline editing fields.
Convert a name to something more readable.
Return the expansion of the given key string.
Return True if the line is a multiline string.
Unpack the ASF - encoded image data.
Create a NZB string from a list of files.
Set signal handlers.
Put multiple entities asynchronously.
Records a breadcrumb for all active contexts.
Load plotly configuration and run matplotlib.
Return the age of the log file.
Writes the XML file content to the specified path.
Renders the constants file.
Recursively create a directory and its parents.
Get libvlc media track list.
Evaluate a string attribute on the given element.
Return the IP address of an interface.
Split a string on a maximum number of tokens.
Save the current session
Safely import a module.
Get the systemd journal reader
Rename oldname to newname.
Return True if the installation is in the grace period.
Populate obj with the values of the named enums.
Crawl all the functions in the expression tree.
Load command class.
Post a message to mattermost.
Convert a matplotlib color to a qcolor
Print the categories of a given parent category or all subcategories.
Get the version of a dataset.
Return a default configuration dictionary.
Escape a byte string.
Return the first option in opts that is a string.
Authenticate using WNS.
Provide a header checker.
Check if two transformations are the same.
Read tab.
Specific test for django specific scenarios.
Check if kwargs contain bufsize keyword arguments.
Create a default signal map.
Get the slice of the time series between tmin and tmax
Return the dependency graph for the given cp.
Memoized version of libvlc. eventmanager
Return an itemgetter tuple for the given items.
Compute rvss.
Convert time to datetime.
Return a list of installed plugins for a given package.
Get dtype kinds from a list of arrays.
Send a command to a console and wait for the response.
Update command and options.
Add a set of tools to the configuration.
Computes the mean value of the classes in each group.
Check if user has RBAC permissions for given request.
True if running in virtual mode False otherwise.
Release the lock.
Create an IKEPolicy.
test arguments of l2d
Print one training vector.
Interpret the given syslog step.
Reload django url config.
Run a shell command for a job.
Get all indexes for the given table.
Create a new language file.
Return a list of mac addresses for a given domain
Set the colormap to nipy spectral.
Given a mime type and parsed media ranges return the fitness and quality of the mime.
Connect to cloud networks.
Find function prototypes in code.
Get server metrics.
Add traceback information to g.
Compute the correlation between two time series.
Checks if the specified line number is out of line method definition.
Generate sampled noise.
Formats the outputs of a stack.
Convert cell to row and column.
Test multiple inheritance of a class.
Write pos to file fname.
Get the latest records for a resource.
Get the deployment flavor.
Return whether or not the minion is running on a virtual machine
Identify the best episode for the given series.
Returns the target of the comment form.
Attempt to login the user in the current session.
Factory for creating export action form.
Prepare info dictionary.
Python > = 3000 has key.
Filter query based on given filter.
Generate a random job prefix.
About page.
Handler for videos endpoint
Get the contents of a file.
Match a hostname to a certificate.
Render a sitemap.
Create a new layer from a model layer and source.
Get proxies environment variable.
Get the most recent incomplete item for a user.
test precision of plain text formatter
install komodo from the command line
Check if a directory exists and is older than a specified number of generations.
Return virtual name as a tuple.
Pause animation.
Receive an SMS message.
Migrate facts from current node to new node.
Remove the specified minor number from the specified device.
Iterates over all errant logs for the given tree rooted at root.
Open a file for reading.
Test if test has any of the given labels.
Fix the indentation in a string.
Render a genshi template.
Get cluster.
A dictionary of SQLAlchemy exceptions for creating new contracts.
Ensure that the specified option is present with the specified value.
Create a variable with weight decay.
Gradient of sum
Runs the tests in the Python interpreter.
Delete a comment.
Normalize paths.
Tests colormap normalize function
Return the md5sum of a file.
Check if a string contains only printable characters.
Check if user and group match.
Add social link if needed.
Revert a document.
Wait for a WinRM connection.
Update the stim and return the elapsed time.
Depth - first search of a flow for dynamic flow information.
Open a web page at the specified path.
Remove files or files from a queue.
Sample context for wikicode.
Create a navigation bar tag.
Check if the domain is valid.
Get cli body.
Delete a contact type.
Get missing permissions for a user.
Sends an e - mail using the given template.
List all available mac addresses.
Find the currently selected node in a list of nodes.
Shortcut for registering an attribute with a class name.
Freeze login details.
Implementation of the edmonds karp core.
Determines if the request s Accept header indicates that the client wants JSON.
Test the types of daophot files.
Set the element node to the given start and end.
Sends an e - mail and returns the response.
Remove duplicates from a list preserving the order.
Get the current date time.
Read the page header.
Parse a requirements file.
Compute the WCS for the given key and challenge.
Calculates the normal vector of a plane defined by a path.
Normalizes the given timestamp.
Get all volume types in a group.
Get Elasticsearch index string for a given group.
Set the cache directory.
Check that a path is a file.
Submit bulk course email task.
Normalize angle.
Get the size from the backend.
Tries to write the given string to the given fileobj. If the fileobj is a
Queue a new rating for the user.
Reload the named service.
Test register filter.
Convert a name to an IP address.
Create an ones - like version of x.
Determine if a line is a no vi header.
Dedent a list of lines.
Return a random string from chars.
Break cookie into name and text.
Extract indent from a line of text.
Compute the volume of one set of data from another.
expand a load balancer
Check integrity of the sqlmap file.
Strip quotes from the front of a newsgroup.
Convert an RGB tuple to HSV.
Get the version information for the current platform.
Convert a string to a numpy array.
Sample rois from roidb.
Create a DC object from the given HTTP headers.
Make a name from package and module.
Verify that the named LV is absent in the specified LV group
Checkout or cancel.
Start keeping errors.
Read records from a file handle.
Return True if the version is Python 2. 7.
Generate an MD5 hash for a file.
Is the given entry a valid hidden service address?
Return an instance of the notification service.
Runs the script tester and returns the result summary has failures or errors.
get ami metadata
Get the referer header from the request
Get crafted text for a file.
Disable the named service.
Get the stroke radius of an element.
SYSTEM INFORMATION Section 9. 1. 43
Suggest a semantic version for the given semantic version string.
Get the parameters of a list of layers.
Compare the versions of two packages.
Create an Agent.
Returns the newest n items from the iterable.
Recursively split a path into a list of paths.
Correction for randomization of correlation matrix
Check if the given attribute name is a reserved word.
Save a certificate to the master
Squeeze a 2x2 array.
Read end - cent dir64 archive data.
Create a toplevel widget for the given master.
Save all repository dialogs
Create shell command
check if all files in a list exist
Round a number to the nearest integer value.
Wait for the specified number of prior states to finish running.
View content.
Get the full path to the config file.
Add like object.
Include keyword args and kwargs.
Load a single crontab file.
Copy ssl options from src to dest.
Send an update request.
Deploy API 1. 0.
Decomposition test for ground truth.
List all launch configurations.
Get the current zone.
Returns a dict with normalized form data.
Check whether the curl function is conservative for the frame num.
Match mkfs option.
Home page.
Generate md5 identifier from key.
Return a random DNA sequence.
Get profiler log path.
Upload a file to S3.
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
Returns the antidivisor of a number.
Exchange code for access and refresh tokens.
Make a pmf from a uniform distribution.
Update the stack ELB DNS records
Convert a plural rule to gettext.
Set up the module.
Build cyclic network.
Returns the number of metastrings in s.
Runs the localectl command and returns whether the output was successful or not
List all pg clusters
Returns the full path to the job file for the given job.
Set nonblocking mode on a pipe.
Create fast start scripts for the current Python interpreter.
Create a twisted. web. server. Server from a description string
Convert datetime to utc.
Wait for the cluster to meet the quorum for the replication.
Try to decode a bytestring into a str.
Store an object in memcached.
Remove leading and trailing whitespace from a string.
Return the base signup form class.
Select routes based on environment and parameters.
Restart the named vm.
Get the path from a base URL.
Append a host to a pool.
Create a task flow.
Parse and render a Jinja2 template string.
Check if console is attached and visible.
Get the default namespace.
Send a Magic Packet to wake up a list of Minions
Return the lowstate data from the minion.
Get a specific node by its id.
Create a new user.
Check if there are any conflicts in the repository.
validate that the label is not empty
Return a dictionary that indicates whether or not the named minion should be promoted.
Find the orthogonal projection of an array a using idzr aid.
Check if element is bound or not.
Render a template to a response object.
Bump cache for a product.
Create a mock key provider with a list of public keys.
Map library datasets to LDDAs.
Return the systemd version
Copy lines from in to test journal.
Runs the test suite.
Log a warning message with the given microversion header.
Calculates the median of the num most similar values. Requires a list.
Create a raster raster.
Get a fixed IP address for a given network.
Parse a string as an XML property list.
Set up canned roles and methods for a class.
Decode a base64 string.
Kernel density estimation of residuals
Consume items from a queue.
Return the number of items in an iterable.
Read header information from file.
Versioned plugin factory.
Return the version string for the specified version number.
Test stratified validation subset iterators.
Saves the uploaded file to disk.
Get the most recent feedback messages for this thread.
Returns the mapper function for the given entity or the none mapper if the input is None.
Return human readable filesize.
Get clipboard content.
Sort an allowed list by protocol.
Return the name of the current resource.
Create subtasks for the given task.
Check if the given flag is in the list of approved keywords.
Assert html is valid.
Parse a timestamp value.
Convert text to dict.
Get the contents of a blob
Parse a quoted string.
Handles the item deleted signal.
Destroy a device.
Get the domain workgroup.
Apply softmax to matrix.
Delete a sysv service
Calculate the sentiment of a text.
Return the status of a sq db
Varianceal multivariate moving average.
Sample a memory region.
Apply a selector function to x and return the result.
Get the hash processor for the specified algorithm.
Default feedback url.
Match a string with an ellipsis marker.
URL for a local resource.
Generate html report.
Remove a bridge from the system
Return a formatted wwn from a string.
Convert binary data to string.
Write contents to a file.
Extract the trace of x.
Return the metadata dict for the specified path.
PyZMQ version information.
Return a dict with headers cleaned up.
Checks the return value of a function call. If the return value is not the same as the
redirect to a url
Clean up a name.
Build pillar data.
Print a tensor.
Find an unused port.
Returns the content of a file in the current active window or in all windows.
Define all the plugin entries in groups.
Class decorator for fczm driver.
Return the default security group.
Set the given file descriptor to non - blocking mode.
Check if any supplier can be used in the cache.
update rc params with default values
Test that the correctness of the function is achieved.
Choose whether to reverse the direction of the element.
Create a unique identifier for a method.
Position of cluster.
Escape a string for use in a URL.
Set the completion model to none and test focus.
Main entry point for the script.
Get signature from base64 encoded string.
Returns the system path for the specified operating system.
Run the OSPF API server.
Make a key for the environment variable.
Returns True if the given course supports the content experiments.
Wait for a read to arrive on a socket.
Update a file alias.
Write named matrix to file.
unary expression 4
Register the inject command in the cli.
Convert a string value to an integer.
Run the appserver suite.
Create a usage key from a usage key string.
Return the contents of a texlive file.
Emitted when a key is missing.
Delete a location.
Enable a server.
Parse a Jinja2 template file.
Find all required chars in the given range.
Post replies to published users.
Download setuptools.
Configure a chassis.
Change the current working directory to the given path.
Get the rights of an activity.
Check if s is a function call.
Add a sphere to the current mesh.
Context manager to temporarily set the current user.
Convert from minolta to float.
A context manager that copies a value from another context.
Setup plugin module.
Return the latest version of a package.
Return True if the given value is an IP address.
Return True if primed metadata is available.
List nova extensions.
Return the ID for the given type.
Get the current system node number.
Check if the value is an extension.
Make user files and check that their config has changed.
Test half - clustering with cluster centroids
Second step of my life.
Parse a value into a number and a string.
Create a form class for the given list of fields.
Upgrades the operating system to the latest version.
Get credential by name.
Recursively save a set of states.
Set the hostname of the machine
Calculate the meta class for a class based on a list of bases.
print the contents of a file
Reopen log files when SIGUSR1 is received.
Send a JSON RPC request and return the response.
Require the given context to be logged in.
Convert array to float 0. 0.
Recursively normalize the arguments of a MRO sequence.
Learn a hardness threshold by sampling from an estimator.
Wrap socket with ssl module.
Check if youtube is available.
validate a cumulative sum function
Compile python module dfn.
Return a list of dups from a dict.
Update the configuration of a Jenkins job.
Theano norms of a vector w.
Remove a key from memcache.
Terminate the cli when the scenario finishes.
Convert a hex string to a base32 string.
Ratings success message
Remove special characters from a string.
Get current exchange rate.
Publishes the next event.
Called before a new template is rendered.
Change the directory of a torrent
Given a list of terms return a list of simplified terms.
Add a discussion to the page.
Read motif file.
Inference network.
Compute the multiplicative multiplication of two tricomplexes.
Test get filter.
Write data to ascii file with two line bookend.
Return the URL name for the given comment action.
Convert a set of keyword arguments to a pair of nodes.
Update the user s watchlist.
Reset worker optimizations.
Encodes a kafka payload using lz4.
Pull pillar data from the master
Create a virtualenv.
Get configuration from. ini file.
lixian export aria2.
Get a format by type and language.
Set digest auth header and return response.
Check if the given hook is valid.
Add labels to a host.
describe a change on the system
Print the string s to stdout.
Run a command as if it were run in the current directory.
Return the identity of x.
Modified generic version of zstat.
Queries the current EGL error code.
Log an error message.
Display group members.
Returns a list of available licenses.
True if running in debug mode.
Initial document form.
Return a list of the currently running jobs
Flip loop points.
Sort a list of markers.
Get all group policies.
Count the number of elements in a sequence.
Get the vm boot spec.
Ensures that the given path is relative.
Test that multiline strings can start with a single line.
Open a window for the given file object.
Calls a remote function with the given perspective.
Create ssh sub element.
Function that toggles the visibility of a project.
Generate a signed JWT.
Shortcut for mismatch with optional description.
Get the weighted normal vector between two points.
Get the name of the localzone.
Set the value of multiple booleans.
Suggest something.
Decorator for anonymous functions.
Check for i18n in oslo files.
Match values to controls that match regexp.
Return the list of enabled service owners
Delete the content for the given namespace id.
Convert string to slug.
Test theano join function.
Create a WSGI resource.
Check if the given value is a safe value for the given key.
Runs refreshrepo on the specified module.
Set the current audio channel.
Returns the number of cores and memory consumed by the specified cluster.
Returns a string with the methods and attributes of an object formatted for human consumption.
Fetch data from the cache.
Return the list of pages to show.
Check database consistency.
Download a setuptools distribution archive.
Checks if the given MAC address is valid.
Get the recommended folders for a given list of file names.
Cut a sequence by how much.
Recover all the workers in the specified load balancer
Polynomial left shift
Computes the Negative Binomial count problem.
Chooses a model that does not fit the input data.
Add a trunk script to the response object.
Union of two strings.
Account password page.
True if any element of the sequence is true.
Check that all vispy modules have the same names.
Create a generic inlineformset for the given model.
Convert a byte string to a signed long.
Sends a notification email for all subscriptions subscribed to a new string.
Return a page message for the current page.
Generate anchors for the given base size.
Dispatch a method call to the given coroutine.
Get pytest environment.
Update the course enrollment for a user.
Install one or more packages.
Run the task.
Test the virtualenv version.
Processes the bc frequencies
Subscribe a user to a creator.
Check for duplicates in S3 headers.
Returns a dictionary mapping channel names to their respective channel indices.
Build forest.
Check if the service is sysv or not.
Shutdown the application.
Get the name of a currency
Returns True if the xblock is a unit xblock.
Serialize a remote exception as JSON.
Make a bad request.
Sends a registered email to unclaimed user.
Return True if user exists False otherwise.
Return a copy of the ret dict with the docstring set to the current time.
Initialization function.
Get the lower and upper bounds of a slice.
Get informations from http client.
Create an exog array from a set of arrays.
MySQL password generator.
Uninstall cache.
Reads a file and compares the contents of the file.
Add short links to documents.
Convert an integer to a base36 string.
Builds a list of operations suitable for a criterion for the given campaign.
Return a list of valid locales.
Test the solution of linear interpolation.
Create folder structure.
Check if there are callbacks for a given URL.
Create a new database collection.
Get glance api servers.
Main entry point for dfl.
Check if the user has permission to view reports.
Return an object as a list.
Returns a collator that is case sensitive.
Find an adapter for the given object.
Recursively extract values from nested dictionaries.
Delete a file from a Google Storage account.
Raises an assertion error if a and b are not equal.
Computes quantiles of the input data.
Rate limit for a task.
Encode in file to out file.
Compute the inverse square root of a.
Wrap datetime. datetime with timezone aware.
Disable profiling for the given service.
Get s3 meta created by and modified by.
Safely decode a string.
Get the program name.
Asses how to represent a set of IDs.
Indicator for multi - indicator arrays.
Returns a dictionary with the title as key and the info as value.
Check if user has permission perm.
Execute before execute method
Translate a vector.
Create a tenant
Context manager that collects profile information.
Print the baremetal node.
Convert an object to a reference string.
massage stats into json dict
Decode a JSON string to a bytes object.
List of templates to ignore in the Git repository.
Return a list of disabled services.
Returns the HMAC - SHA1 of the request.
Reads images from disk.
Remove all packages in pkg list.
Decode a signed 32 - bit integer using the specified bit - length flag.
Flip the bitstring ind1 and ind2.
Check auth.
Get a security group.
Test preprocessor expression.
get works by iswc
Read a little endian unsigned long from the given file.
Run a hook script.
Compress data.
Resolve the value of a style property.
Invert a binary tree.
Wraps a float so that it is divisible by modulo.
Wait for a write event on a file descriptor.
List all users
Return the name of the signal associated with signum.
Get crafted text from text.
Check the status of a repository.
Calculate new position from lat lon bearing and distance
return extensions for a given high - level type
Test for lex mangling bang.
Create the global context.
Blink a clip.
Send and receive packets at layer 3
Format a line of a monitor file.
Find the cover page for an OEB container.
Interpret the marker and return the result.
Get a cache subnet group.
Parse a docstring into a dict.
Main function of the module.
Test function for testing monitor gamma and grid.
Check the result of gl. glGetPixels.
Generate filesystems and globs for the given datetimes.
tellinput hook.
Root mean square error.
Shows the current environment.
Remove boot volume from server.
Returns a list of track positions and tlids that have changed.
Find the closest location for the given text.
Get the networkid for a vm
Yields all the integration targets found in the current directory.
Return the binary representation of a number.
Load the bot s dev key.
Assert that x is an instance of bytes or unicode according to unicode guidelines.
Yield successive n - sized slices of the list.
Return True if pat matches a non - empty line.
Resize a video.
Convert phone number to numeric.
Return a list of prime numbers for a given number.
Given a list of field names return a dictionary where the keys are the duplicate field names and the
Return the interface information for the specified type.
Changes the current working directory to the application folder.
Generate an anonymous id for a user.
Verify modules exist in the Sphinx inventory.
Check if the given callback is an API view.
Decorator for styling strings.
Check if a sheet exists.
Create a record constant from a Python value.
Return a list of users.
Load calendars from YAML file.
CONNECT Section 9. 2. 6. 1
Reconstruct the path from current to initial.
Refresh the facts for the current session.
Return information about the named group.
Returns a list of data rows.
Sample from the rus distribution.
Edit a folder.
Ensure a service does not exist
Person search API.
Download appstats data.
pynetrtr1 example.
Abort with an error message.
Remove a user from a group.
Get a list of test names.
Change a user s subscription property.
Filter for group snapshots.
ETree or lxml.
Create a dd object from an array.
Convert bytes to str.
Return a urllib2. http. HTTPResponse object for the given URL.
Return True if obj is None False otherwise.
Check if the field is an astroyear.
Check if a user exists on the LDAP server.
Euclidean distance between two vectors.
list 2 p list
Compares the objects in list with the objects in manager.
Resolve a name to an IP address.
Percentage of tradeable units for datasets with MED.
Log an error message.
Logistic sigmoid function
Generate faux mime message.
Delete a pool member
dump stop level.
Convert module to module object.
Hydrator for sources field.
Add a request suffix to a string.
Make a CDF from a Pmf object.
Remove escapes from string.
Exponential lambda summation.
Returns the contents of the specified file.
Context manager to temporarily replace URL patterns in the current Django settings.
Manage syslog for a server.
Auto delete files for the model.
Shortcut for s3 rest controller
Create a GPU device from a record object.
Return a dict of subreddit objects corresponding to the IDs of the given things.
event manager for libvlc media discoverer
Listen for course publish signal.
Run a line generator on the given protocol.
show all changes to user s password
Load a template tag library.
Add an extra module attribute to the given module.
Extract the description from the docstring.
Store friends for user.
Create an empty cupy array of the same shape and type as the input array.
Require a resource to be installed.
Use pip to install a package as an egg.
Send a command to the minions
Parse a multipart form.
Get all internet gateways for bad igw.
Return the magnitude of x.
Leave a transaction management thread.
Joins a list of tensors along the given axis.
Exponential norm of x.
Read bool data from file and return as numpy array.
Escape a string for use in a URL.
Convert from raw to lux.
Register a callback for a resource type.
Check if user has permission for some org.
list 3 p qualifiers
Create a nested dict from a delimited path.
Update Blade configuration.
Reads a montage file and compares its position to the expected position.
Save state to pickle file.
Get all volumes in a group.
Find the unit pattern for the given unit id.
Copy a list of files.
Expand a type string into a list of types.
Try to find pylintrc.
Define a role for a given entity.
APPLICATION INFORMATION Section 9. 1. 43
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
Test mask reconstruction.
Register a public key server auto.
Mask sensitive data.
Make a web call to the API.
Run a Spyder command.
Returns a list of filepaths for all files in a directory
Convert upper to lower.
Generate a TOTP passcode.
save data to file
Invalidate the invalidation file for the given suffix and dir.
Add a representer to the dumper.
Backwards - compatibility wrapper around patch.
Decorator for transactional tasklets.
Main entry point for pip.
Create a pylons app and flask app.
Redirect to the domain page.
Connect to machinelearning layer1.
HSV colormap
Return a dictionary of site configurations for the specified application.
Get headers from the given WSGI environment.
Process a worker thread.
Convert etree element to topic object.
Run sync.
Add an error to the model.
Checks if the given item is in the course tree.
Check that the fscale argument is a string.
Iterate over the terms of first and second.
Return HTML for a directory.
Get a codec for the given encoding.
Show all the fig managers
Add positives to the list of positives.
Copies files from the extras section of the config to the outdir.
get rrd server
Reset the profile settings.
Escape an RFC822 header string.
Check if given address is a valid IPv6 address.
Set the limits of the center - of - mass
Get all related models of a model recursively.
Create a verifier for ECC.
Formats a date object for the global date module.
Load a module from a file.
Detail org site volunteers.
Send a signal to a process safely.
Get the latest code for a user or sid.
Switches the hosts with the specified parameter from one host to another.
Updates the root organisation for a given organisation id.
List the nodes on the cloud provider
Initialize settings.
Remove the files with the same name from the filesystem.
Simplify a pauli expression.
Return the number of keys in the specified database.
Remove a single ASAM platform from a server.
Encode missing metadata and data.
Parse iscsiname line.
Return a list of all roots of the operation r.
get meth from obj
Delete a named vm
Is this an SSL error?
Insert GPU filter optimizer
Redirect to the root page of the site.
Say hello.
Get a change summary between two models.
Main entry point for distutils.
List files in a directory.
Get user preferences for the given request.
Compute the linear gradient between start and end.
Find the boundaries of x.
Install a language for the superuser
Return True if the minion is virtual otherwise False.
Orthogonal projection of a matrix.
Bootstrap a form.
Add sources to result.
get session id
Return True if user is a pre - registry admin.
Update repository info.
Initialize gas - heli module.
Entry point for the script.
Get all volumes in a group.
Freeze the state of a process.
Mark a value as safe for escaping.
Test misc.
Get the console output of a server.
Generate a qual score histogram.
Generate a random UUID.
List the contents of a queue.
Display a resource list.
Generate a signed JWT.
Get the full path to the config file for the given atom.
Returns the covariate step.
Destroy a consistencygroup.
Decrypt a keyfile.
Split code and text blocks into code and text blocks.
Find actions in the namespace that start with the given prefix.
Returns the first item of a list.
Get sms service.
Moves a file safely.
Colorline plot.
Returns the rank of the screen based on the ruling separation width and screen coordinate.
Remove the config file if it exists.
Blend two channels using a hard light.
Process the mtree.
Get display timezone.
Convert volume status to ec2 attach status.
Load extra data from backend.
Pick a mailbox from a list of mailboxes.
Determine if a variable is explicitly set by CLI.
Download and parse the cifar10 dataset.
One sided selection test problem.
Create a new figure manager for the given figure.
Returns a full url for the given path.
Set up the Django application configuration.
Decorator to specify method name.
Manage lead index page.
Get queryset for the given class.
Softmax op.
Temporarily replace ampersands in a string.
Return a linear colormap.
Run a xenstore command.
Change the volume and file entries in a table.
Check if lun id is available on host.
Get all the jobs in the db.
Return the value for the specified config key. If the key is not in opts or defaults to
Calculate the Fletcher 16 - bit checksum.
Merge a list of dictionaries into a single dictionary.
Export a course to a tar. gz file.
Shards a word to the next alpha - shard.
Extract want line capabilities.
Permute rows of an array.
Return x if x is identity else return x.
Get a list of change ids for a user on a site.
Get the stacklevel of the current Python interpreter.
Delete telemetry alerts.
Set the facts for the dnsmasq instance if unset.
Build loopback control client.
Check if the package has nibabel installed.
Get the normals for a particular direction.
List member removed
Publish a credit course.
View a screenshot.
Format attachments to be JSON serializable.
Check that code is a valid CPASTE code.
Template tag to render a page.
Return True if value is inf.
Return a string representation of the Python version.
Return the index of the vowel in a string.
Convert input into a theano expression.
Sine - Subtraction of a signal from the spectral data.
People page.
Render an alert button.
Check if the response provides csp features.
A function that returns a tuple containing the first element of the tuple and the second element of the
Test the addition of patch information.
get flowgram ali exe
Returns the host on the local machine.
Encrypt a blob using re - encryption.
Check if pick ori is valid.
Runs a command and grabs the docstring.
Expand training data with fully connected layers and softmax layers.
Runner for tests.
Return a dictionary of functions for the metrics jobs for the specified date.
Collect all local and global bears from the specified sections.
Return the length of the header for the given bytearray.
Given a routing path return the response cell name.
Remove users from an ACL group.
Test relu activations.
Returns the trace of the distance from gj to p.
Add a global constant to the module.
Calculate the equation and return the result.
Return the amount of memory used by Xen.
Replacement for Jinja2 box.
Test that the base is a radian base
Returns the preamplification of the given audio equalizer.
Delete the metadata for a snapshot.
Remove tags from a trail.
Parse user command line.
Entry point for the script.
Create a badge if it does not exist.
Log an attribute of an object.
Strips cruft from the html string.
Convert a fixture to a list of tables.
Set current user for current thread.
wrapper around va output function
test html table format
Return whether or not the given subreddit is visible.
Run the bare WSGI web server.
Forgot password form.
Check that the given file exists.
Represent date or time. date in ISO8601 format.
Make pylab available in user namespace.
Return a list of all suffixes.
Try to get a string from the device.
Generate a new id.
Validate a bucket name.
Mark the given value as HTML safe.
Run changed messages from the queue.
Detect lines in a diff string.
Write a debug message to a file.
Get vendor name for a given PCI ID.
Test montage.
Return the absolute path to a resource file.
Return shuffled copy of iterable.
Browse for other branch
Shorten a name to a maximum length.
Return the Ritzk - Rabin group of length n.
Add new cpplint filters.
Get current user.
Run pyc.
Create a mock instance of os. path. patch.
Stop a running process.
Execute the evaluator with the given arguments.
Get an access token using an authorization code
Manage the specified servers on the minion
Temporarily change a field of an object.
Dict of default threadable predictors.
Push term into callback if term is too long.
Toggle labels.
Update course updates for a given location.
Remove all dead links in a directory.
Update the dict d with the contents of other ensuring that duplicates are not present.
Determine whether or not this environment is virtual.
Determine whether or not the given hash code is used.
Get GDAL version string
Returns the synonym for the given text.
Wait for an element to be present in the DOM.
Correctness test for nm3 object.
Mock command mock.
Attach total points to queryset.
Attempts to match a token in a source string. Returns the position of the token or None
Return a list of group IDs for the specified user.
Check if the given token is valid.
Dispatch bsd - like functions.
Return list of dhcp networks for given conf.
Return the package version for the given package name.
Return the value for a given option.
Map a function over a sequence of arrays.
Apply a function syncronically.
Parses a file into a tree generator.
Compare two strings for sorting.
Return an iterator over the keys of a dict d.
Delete a console.
Get deployment config file.
Slice a matrix into blocks of given sizes.
Validator for multiple choice options.
Context manager that changes the working directory and restores the previous working directory after the contextmanager exit
Convert a dictionary into a naming dictionary.
Clean a URL.
Encode a list into a binary string.
List refs for a remote.
Run the proxy test server.
get master status
Fix all oeb files in the container.
import module with directory path and file name
Runs a system command.
Test for gmail missing folders.
Create a load - balancer
Check if the given url is from the given spider.
Unescapes the given text.
Asserts that the check function is true for the source string and the target string.
Store a password in the keyring.
Get repository by name and owner.
Return the position of a given degree in a given order
Return information about a given jid
Return True if format is a memoryview format.
Greatest common divisor using multivariate polynomial.
Read a cache from a file - like object.
Encode a protobuf message.
Returns the number of test processes.
Inspect a Python object.
Return the id from a string.
Load county data from a CSV file.
Variation of fv.
Return a copy of kwargs with no modifications.
Arping an IP address.
List the nodes on this cloud
optimised time.
Split text into data and labels.
Requires that the translation project exists.
Get DNS hosts associated with a network.
Returns debug context if debug is enabled.
Get a list of random objects.
Get the context string for a line of code.
Run the test.
Playback gain command.
Solve radical equation of f using solver solver.
Create a new GnuPG instance
Uninstall entry point.
Get crafted text from text repository.
Sort schedules based on number of days of week.
get current code name
Returns the attribute value for the given attribute name from the given dictionary object.
Return True if the syllable is a short syllable and False otherwise.
Read enum values from a registry key.
Generate auth response.
Return a cached selection model.
Create a failure element in the test suite.
Apply a transcribe or translate operation on a sequence.
Format a dictionary of error messages.
Creates a directory if it doesn t exist.
Returns a list of updates available for external plugins.
Get a list of programs and their types.
Convert an integer to a bytes object.
Returns the process name for a given process ID.
Acquire the lock.
Convert an object name to a class name.
Get a client for this version of API.
Exponential softplus function.
Mix songs together.
Check if the given path is a valid web root.
Return the bufsize for the given bytefield type.
Check that the specified name is available on the specified socket.
Estimate the covariance matrix for the neweywest model.
Check if a process exists.
Check if the current process is the main process.
Check if the given attribute name is protected.
LRM training event on validation.
Get the perimeter width of an element.
Process an image file.
Update Google Analytics.
Convert unicode to str.
Publish live action and execution
Restore the device to its original state.
Add one or more media to the library.
Extract the major minor attributes from the MIME header.
Get summary summaries for the given collection ids.
Create an internet gateway.
Get command from state.
test flush no pk
Return the path to the ipython package directory.
Rearrange widgets in the dashboard.
Merge a token back into the previous token.
navigator audit log dir
Writes output to svg file.
Evaluates the polynomial f for the given hyperbolic polynomial a and p.
Set the color code breakpoints on a file descriptor.
register py com category
p parameter list 2
Returns the descriptive extension for the given text.
Returns the line number and offset of the line at the cursor position.
Get the load for a given job id
Ends the recording for the current HTTP status.
Return a simple wiki instance.
Capitalize the first letter of a string
Run flake.
Unpurge a list of packages
Validate POST request signature.
Get the configuration directory.
Hamming distance for two strings.
Convert a scheme host port user password or mask to a URL.
Check that the email address is valid.
Validate the given customization args against the given ca specifications.
Get credentials for the specified provider.
Check if the given string is in the given file.
Shortcut for postag that generates demo str.
Choose the preferred IP address for a VM.
Get the output of a command.
Capture stdio exceptions from the console.
Return syntax highlighted HTML.
Upgrade all installed packages to the new version
Count the number of roots of a complex number.
Return a list of the results that are missing in the dest dir.
Discover Yadis for a given URI.
Interpolate a series of points using a trigonometric interpolation.
Convert a string tag to a wordnet tag.
py3 pprint py3 bytes test
Rosen der.
Render a template to a response.
Return compiled python code for the given node.
Returns the title of a media player.
Writes an excel file to the database.
Group versions into a list of tuples.
Spawn a coroutine.
Convert a CFSet to a Python set.
Returns authentication information for the given request.
Returns the key function for the given key.
Add a security group to an instance.
Unlocalize a value.
Get the TOC object for the bootstrap modules.
List all files in a folder.
Get a resource file for a package.
Return True if text is valid.
Install a versioneer package.
Evaluate the code at the given offset in the module pymodule.
Returns a querystring with the specified key and values toggled.
Get all groups for containers in inventory
test cache browsing
Delete SSH key for specified user.
Convert a string to a string in s3 format
Ping listener.
Create a video capture object.
Convert a bytearray to an integer.
Reset the nolint suppressions.
Load a bitmap from a file.
One sided selection test.
Show a list of rows.
Return articles dicts for lang.
Main entry point for the script.
Returns True if func accepts kwarg.
Default python shell to use.
Generate a model for the given root class.
Create a new class based on a filter and a module.
Validate a course id.
HTML test locale.
Reload a module from the current working directory.
Test cosmology with zeroing.
Post vim message.
Exponential truncated truncated normal distribution.
Returns a list of random floats.
Generate a default mapping for a list of machines.
Parse a range header.
Builds a tarball from the current directory.
Return the state of a minion based on its name.
Get a new repository.
Set the priority of a value.
Create a tarball of the results directory for the package.
Decode a UTF - 7 encoded string.
Initialize the test database if not already initalized.
Parse an ACL entry from an XML string.
Get the ID of the server with the given identity.
Apply a fcontext policy
Returns the default context for the template tag.
Test for bugs in WCS format.
test date labels
Get user messages.
Sets the offset for the given multiplier between the two given segments.
Get sentiment label.
Create a WSGI server.
Extract the title from a list of columns.
Decorate a function as a dummy function.
Run the configtest function and return the results.
List all of the minions
Show topics.
Cleans a URL by removing characters that are too long.
Correct the received bitvector according to the syndrome lut
Load a stream of JSON files into a dbook.
Create num assemblies.
Returns a list of horizontally bounded points.
Create a new task object.
JSON view error method
Returns a list of email addresses for the given group.
fake execute set repliers
Remove stack traces warnings and timings from nose output.
Create a rectangle of given width and height.
Get the default SSL certificate verification paths.
Return the long description of the file.
Return the request URI for the given WSGI environment.
Sort a string.
Returns a list of filenames for files of the specified type in the current directory.
Return a tree of nodes corresponding to the degree of the given sequence of nodes.
Get secret and stop loop.
Initialize the module.
Update a test block in the module store.
If the item is a dict return it if it is an id or key. Otherwise return the
Initializes the eye gaze.
Create a form and formset for a model.
Specification for width ratios.
Return the pseudo breadcrumbs for the given key.
List files in a bucket.
Get a single item from a list.
Saves the figure to a file.
Search for a command in a list of paths.
Check if the given directory is a package directory.
A wrapper around sys. path. walk that recursively walks modules.
Decorator to chain transports together.
Mock auto - use of inline css.
Interpret a string as a number of minutes.
Get the summary from a commit.
Run application in qt.
Get the handle for the given expression.
MODIFIES FROM pre AND post MODIFIES
Get the model matrix.
Unpack a ZIP file.
Get the encryption headers for the given key.
Get files from all fastq files that match all mapping.
Get model by model identifier.
Generate an adjacency matrix for the given redirects and page links
Return translation rotation and translation from head pos.
Draws the given bounding box on the given renderer.
Generate a fake payment.
End an event with the given value.
Github check authentication.
Add default values for variables and functions.
Test is repo url.
Setup the platform.
Test that config does not exist.
Validate a resource type.
Layer construction function.
Remove a database from Postgres server.
Returns the Euler angle of a power of n.
Get the last modification date of a file
Load the current window size.
Check if cleanup list is empty or not.
Shutdown hook.
Prints message and exits with code num.
Check if the value is modulo num.
Get the current size of the screen.
Parse a string of hexadecimal characters and return an integer.
Transform an index by applying a function to each element of it.
Run an atomic benchmark on the estimator and test data.
View for rendering a csrf token.
Split a closed path into two parts.
Strip quotes from the end of a string.
Connect an action to a boolean signal.
Validate that value is a valid domain.
Return the next multiple of k for n.
Get the user details from hist.
Report the current state of the system.
Derivative of obs.
Connect to a Cloudsearch2 instance.
Get the tour of the graph.
Wrap text in HTML tags.
Sign a CSR.
Get public names from a list of dictionaries.
nbsp the string x.
Convert a list of hosts to a list of hosts.
Create a new category with the given slug.
Build the command line arguments for the install command.
Search string for occurrences of search match.
Return a config spec for the network attach plugin.
A hack to add a directory to the sys. path.
Generate options for lib.
Get cache object.
Create a dictionary of booleans based on a set of modifiers.
Download a file directory or file from a remote location.
Return virtual memory.
Select all elements that do not match the selector.
Suspend a virtual machine
Validate a password against a known hash.
Overlapping wildcards in two names.
Generate a version 1 UUID.
Convert a range string to a set.
Return a usage plan that does not exist.
Initialize output directory if it doesn t exist.
Check if we have pyrex.
Return the current selection.
Handles signin success.
Open a file and return its contents.
Get default entry point.
List all available services
Go to the given URL.
Function that prints the string.
Check if a user exists.
Tidy a HTML file.
Return x converted to utf8 if x is not a string.
Compile a template string into a Python object.
Test that locs are installed and generated.
Get path to the preference file.
Serve gzipped content.
Gather pillar data from the master
Read file with safe XML.
Return a random zero - free string of length l.
Read count bits and interpret them as a boolean.
Transmit tristate register.
Get event exchange.
Clear cache of d2c versions when an addon is deleted.
Map a function to a target function.
Command switch to v5.
Allclose with numpy. testing. assertallclose
Parse a multipath rule.
Create a demo grid.
Send a tag from var to dest.
Includes S3 JS files.
Get the file system encoding.
Update the course structure when a publish signal is received.
Register a namespace alias.
Get a new fabmetheus repository.
Run a baby split on the given file.
Convert a JSON encoded string to a list of strings.
Returns a dictionary of values for the given key
Generate example rst files.
Same as django. core. urlresolvers. reverse except that the request object is used to
Round fstime to num^num seconds.
Test that the frame attribute is set to the correct value.
Reset the display to its initial state.
Check if the given host is full.
Move a file or folder to the trash
Duplicate a list to a dict.
Split a string into a list of strings.
Generate completion tasks.
Clear the database environment.
Extract embed data from request.
Convert scalar value to fits format.
Hardlink a user.
Colorize an image.
Return a list of SQL statements.
Send an email.
Convert ISO time to javascript timestamp.
Get the js files for the user configs.
Set up the waf functions.
Manage test admins.
Default bulkloader layout for throttling.
Copy struct src into dst.
Parse a server string into its address and port components.
Generate a password.
Discriminant multiplication ground - nth.
Decompose the polynomial f using the right - hand - rule.
Set the opacity of an image
Return the number of characters after the first occurrence of the string.
Queues the welcome email for the OSF4M user.
Returns the term of the recurrence function f applied to the coefficient c.
Shift time by shift seconds.
Create a port group.
Split a path into a zip file and an archive file.
Run all exit functions.
Download and update the latest pdfjs release.
Read a table with no data.
List of default payment providers.
Return whether or not the system is virtual
Sets up a configuration key.
Get a gym score from a local directory.
Return a carving mesh for the given file.
Get the details of a fixed IP address.
Check if the current time is UTC.
Convert a color to a string.
Check if slug is valid.
Associates an IP address with a fixed network or virtual interface.
Determine if a file should be skipped.
Send admins mail.
test z.
Alter an enum column.
Check if proxy is valid.
Remove the last XML tag from the end of a file.
Get a vector3 path from a complex path.
Set the configurator for a plugin.
Register all treebuilders in the given module.
Decode a Unicode string.
Check if a file contains the given text.
Connect to cognito identity layer1.
Return number of busy ports.
Return True if the given string is a valid Python identifier.
Encodes the given data with the given key.
Sends a multi - alternative email.
Returns true if the word is a quoted word.
Sanitize a filename.
Backup the database.
List tables in a BigQuery dataset.
Parse the output of xfsdump.
Vertical stack.
Returns a list of file paths for the specified file in the specified directory.
Create a token from a stream of text.
Try to override bytes from content type.
List keys in GPG keychain
Fix line endings in a string.
auto3 example.
Duplicates a Legendre sequence.
Parse a list option.
Validate the background color.
Create the item and assessment item tables if they don t exist.
Convert a File instance to a JSON dict.
Add submenus for a craft type
Compute the dot product of two complex numbers.
Return a list of available sizes
Remove empty lines from a string.
Pop a connection off the stack.
Generate a list of statements to be used in a yaml file
Check the changes to see if the filepaths match.
Retries function until it throws an eintr signal.
Call a method on an object with the given weakref and return the result.
Returns a tuple of items in sequence that are not in reference.
Profile a function with gradients.
Test dbapi pool.
Collect static files.
Check if an environment has been created.
Given a patch module return the executed version.
Return the name of the virtual repository
Set up the platform for MQTT.
Return the outer product of two arrays.
Wrap text in white space if keep spaces is True otherwise wrap it in websafe.
Temporarily patch the os. environ dictionary with the given values.
Callback for fetching from mbox.
Count the number of zero bits in a number.
Softsign op.
Get the fingerprint of the ssh key.
Read the curvature and the surface.
Add the stats from the source function to the target function.
Boot and run an image.
Return the replacement function for dst.
Return a human readable duration in seconds.
Upgrade or downgrade the database.
Remove all instances from the cached views.
Get size of backup files.
Validates the given path.
Scan the network for a node.
Find all loops in the configuration that are not in the top - level ones.
List all events in the local repository.
Deserialize the given value using the specified key.
Search form.
Check if a module is a submodule of another.
Run a test suite and return JSON result.
View for editing an opportunity.
Get a foreign key for a model.
Normalize a path.
View configuration changes.
Convert a dictionary to a numpy array.
Remove a port from a zone.
Build a simple border swiping network.
Find the parameters of an object.
Get crafted text from given gcode text.
Return True if filename is not tor nzb or tor.
Get an expression by its name.
Create a WSGI application.
Prints the given arguments to the given file.
Check to see if launch configuration exists.
Slugify a string.
Get the effects for the given exog.
Convert a value to a boolean.
Return a list of all the roots for the specified environments
Add the surrounding loop starting line to the rate.
extend mode to code num
Get user email.
Convert a string representation of a network address into a network address.
Return True if the leading part of the string is tab - separated.
Reload or not.
Compute the correlation between two sets of data.
Accepts a HJSON string or a file object and runs it through the HJSON parser.
Generic find constraint name.
Restore postgres database from a given file.
Returns the index of the first non - whitespace character missing from the given logical line.
Get credits for a project.
Start a salt process.
Parse a query string.
Table route.
Escape md section.
Check if the return value is a geos ptr.
Parse HTTP date.
Formats a URL.
Pareto distribution with parameters alpha between low and high
Create a new sub - directory for the given command.
test enn sk estimator.
Create a zone from a template
Add a group to a domain or project.
Serialize a sequence of Python objects into a YAML stream. If stream is None return the produced string
AP number filter.
Check if password has changed.
Extract a mapping from flowgram ID to sample ID.
Refresh the info cache for the specified instance.
Check if an attribute is private.
Lints javascript files.
Recursively copies a folder and its contents from source to destination.
Resizes the given image.
Create a proxy for the given token.
Run a function in a background thread.
Complex hyperbolic cosine
Inverse hyperbolic tangent of a polynomial.
Returns a list of all registered driver names.
Get pickleable etype.
Return the Jacobian matrix of n zeros.
Returns the skewness of xs.
Create a consumer for the given request.
Parse privs string.
Raise permission denied if repo is blacklisted.
Get s3 location.
Import dotted path as module class or value.
Emit a problem submitted event.
Masked MGF message.
Returns a natural time string for the given date.
Check if result is zero.
Release a port on the serial port list.
Swap the i - th monomial of a polynomial f.
sitemonitor xml handler
update screen list
Convert a corpus to vw format.
Create a new index.
Convert name to regular expression.
Regular expression to check for equal type
Add litejet devices to the platform
Setup join cache
Attach total points to queryset.
Add all vertexes from the output geometry to the given list or dict.
Get user data.
Return file object for given path.
Compute the sequence of nodes in a graph.
Gets torrents by id
Create a WSGI resource.
Process a notification.
Lint citations in the XML file.
Returns the HTML with all absolute URLs replaced with absolute ones.
Escape a string to a null string.
Activate distributions that match the given requirement.
Check if a progress element exists.
Remove a role from the database
Check if path is a directory.
Use a strict connection.
Test consistency of mrg random streams.
Reset password form.
Convert a date or offset to a period.
Start a spinner.
Check if LDAP group members are ids disabled.
Split tag into namespace and tag.
Retain the horizontal spacing around the first column and the depth of the line.
test if h is a hex triplet
Runs a mysql command
Return the path to the CA certs file.
Recursively extract nested case nodes from a case node.
Return a list of formatted lines for the given exception.
Return a dictionary of callables in module.
List the files in the specified environment
Generate params for a dummy model based on perm.
Get all subclasses of a class.
Crop and compare raw output to expected format.
Represent a person or contact.
Return the full module name of a module.
Load a Python object from a string.
Regenerates a certificate for a user
Convert a list of names to a dnsrepr string.
List available networks.
Empty float.
Least squares projection of a function on a basis.
Choose a plugin.
Returns the column number of the first occurrence of str in loc.
Get the server certificate.
product of two iterables.
Simple irc log formatter.
Parse a date string or datetime. date object.
Try to infer the value of the given node.
Setup the insteon platform.
Unescape a string.
Create HSV and RGB colors.
Discards the specified line from the system clipboard.
Sort a list of dicts by string.
Returns the SQL to delete all indexes for all models in the app.
Get chapter description.
Find where the given program is installed.
Update the local git repository
Allow the user to register
Add or reschedule a job.
Unlocks an entity.
Set the classes in the options dict.
Upload a set of srs.
Check if the system is installed.
Return the key for the given entry.
Parse a comment.
Test that an error is raised on a directory to file link.
Test that all exceptions of all builtin modules are exceptions of the same type.
Test regression on protocol 0.
Convert object to serializables format.
Parse arXiv url.
Start s3 server.
Parse the command line arguments.
Return traceback as formatted string.
Check recaptcha.
Add constructor.
Read cache index entries from file.
Clean meta data that is not in the standard metafile format
Plot a posterior predictive distribution over samples.
Check that the pi client doesn t respond with an error.
Return a human readable string representation of the size.
Return the affinity between a vcpu and a process
HTML coverage tool.
get geometry by arguments and element node
convert issue dict to dict
Authenticate with RedHat.
test whether test file is an opendocx file.
Wrap text and return a list of lines
site location REST interface
Returns true if procedure is done.
Given a mime type and parsed media ranges return the fitness and quality of the mime.
Check if there are any units available for the given name.
Check if a release is in a given episode.
Download an object from GCS.
Returns the most loved command as a string.
Copies a source file to a temporary location.
Get period names for the current locale.
Disable insecure serializers.
Test info attributes.
Generate data blobs.
Render the template with the given context.
Get a dictionary of filenames for each image size.
Run the distribrib script.
List servers on haproxy
Convert a JSON row to a python tuple.
Get the first word of a line.
Check to see if a domain exists.
test crop with appending
Test that we have the correct number of reads.
Evaluate an expression.
Duplicates a list f from sympy.
Prompt the user for input and verify that they respond as expected.
Return the path to the C ++ code for the given filename.
Check if the argument is a valid type.
Return wml document.
Create a character class from a string.
Returns True if the URL is in the WSGI environment False otherwise.
Set interactive flag.
Processes the given element node.
Get a traceback of the current thread.
Run fabtools. require on a network URL.
Convert a list of recipients to a set of email addresses.
Quote a string for inclusion in a URL.
Set the GID for the current process.
Return a list of tuples where the first element is a factory and the second element is a
Ensure that the function alias does not exist.
Create a port group.
Processes the XML element.
List all the review requests for the current user.
List all repos in the specified basedir.
Select siblings that are adjacent to the given set of nodes.
write a plist to a resource
Gather the bootstrap script from the cloud.
Divide two scalars.
Test that epochs. plot image works
install coverage prereqs.
Create a stream error object from an error XML element.
Assert that the given line is a true instance.
Specification for height ratios.
Register all models.
Split a command line into a list of arguments.
The number of edges in the intra community.
Kruskal test.
Get the name of the comments app.
Create a new figure manager given a figure number.
Repeat the elements of an array a number of times.
Prompt user for email.
Populate the settings with defaults.
Check if the settings. py file contains the given language code.
Test galactic attributes.
Alters the tablespaces in the Postgres server.
uptime a hypervisor.
Test derived cols from lists.
True if docstrings are disabled.
Run a shell command.
Copies the modified jars for the specified application.
Suspend a vm
Configure database connection.
Status of the case.
Scan the default translation model.
get a release by id
Open a text file.
Return a list of process IDs in the process tree.
Generate a unique filename for the photo.
Convert html tree to string.
Autosummary table visit handler
Check if user is in pyenv
Check if any of the given VVs have an owner that is the host from gpu
Return True if all ancestors of the given page are published in the given language.
Create button.
Generate a unique ID for an event.
Parse a line of pkginfo output.
run le auto in venv dir
Assert that value is a boolean.
update blade config
Generate code for a template node.
Convert a module object to a dict.
Write a value to a key in a file.
Unbox an index field.
test instantiation of a file
Test the smote. sample method.
Merge a request setting with a session setting.
Returns the rank of a singular value.
Get the current context string.
Complex hyperbolic cosine.
Set SNMP community.
Makes a dictionary mapping caseid to a list of index.
Get tenant information
Check if mobile is available for descriptor
Main entry point for the script.
Wrapper for s3 request.
Get options from a select query.
Get information about an entry of a distribution.
Create a description string from a list of lines.
Query activities about a user
Index a list of ids.
Get a new Skeinforge repository.
Get a setting value from a WMI namespace
Modified version of nearest neighbour wt fit.
Compare two dictionaries ignoring the order of the keys.
Validate a configuration dictionary.
Runs a traffic line for the specified path.
Get virtual packages.
Send monthly reports.
convert mnc array to cumulus matrix
Cast a message to a specific topic on the connection pool.
Sync local and remote databases.
Remove queue logging handler from logger.
URL quote a string for use in a URL.
Get power of machine
Logistic log gradient i.
Return blobinfo for given blob key.
Get group type by its name.
Match a hostname to a certificate.
Converts a dbus exception to a reason string.
Setup fast link prog builder
Check if headers indicates a websocket connection.
Lookup all the records for the named service.
Check that the geoserver is up.
Convert a key text into a keyinfo.
Update a fixed IP address.
Return fully qualified name for an object.
Get install function for the specified platform.
Remove the task app directory.
Bdist and Python interpreter.
Build a property spec.
Run pip install local test only if requirements are not met.
Crossorigin tag.
Return the current status of a redis server.
Remove a network.
Return the image member with the given id.
returns True if algo is safe False otherwise.
Provide a skip condition for pypy.
Refresh grains data.
Round a number to a precision.
Names the user.
Return virtual name of the minion.
Set restart mode.
Sample a batch of ground truth and generated truths.
Escape special characters in a string.
Serializes an exception into an error message.
Return the number of themes and locks to rereview.
Make a RGBA color.
Prompt the user for input and return the input.
Update an instance.
Convert integer to cpp integer.
Connect to the given region.
Returns True if the configuration contains external plugins.
Returns the recommendation score for a movie based on its reviews.
Returns the number of free memory in the machine.
Run a module and check its usage.
Tableau pivoting.
Process an element node by derivation.
Translate a list of modifiers to a number of masks.
Outline bad masked sizes.
Process a single hour of the log.
Set copyright and license.
Browse current branch
Get a placeholder configuration value.
Choose mailing lists for the user.
Discretized eigenvalues and eigenvectors.
Runs the ansible annotation tool.
Read actions from stdin.
Return a deprecation docstring for the specified version.
Get theme data
Split an entry into its components.
Signal the jid to save the load.
Get celery settings.
Book endpoint.
Convert text into a number.
Upload a project to GCS.
Monitor disk usage.
Find the degree of a field in a matrix.
Check if hg is installed.
JSON safe version of json. dumps
Formats a list of extracted lines into a list of strings.
Clean up a process and its children.
Get geometry output by derivation and xml element.
Initialize the trunk skeleton.
Check to see if the specified user exists in the specified htpasswd file
Set the time on the machine.
Convert a string to a slug.
Reset shortcuts.
Return True if there is a Flask application context.
Return the hostname and port of a node.
Wrapper around subprocess. popen that handles redirecting io to sys if necessary.
Create a new branch
Return a string representing the given path.
Uncache a. zip directory.
Aggregate a list of modules into a single package.
Convert a WOAN tag to a Penn Treebank tag.
Applies batch normalization to x.
Get the label for a field.
Adds a typed document to a folder.
Return system information as a binary blob.
Evaluate the dot product of polar and cylindrical angles.
Convert a str to a str type.
Extract views from a list of urlpatterns.
S3 REST document generator.
Recursively sorts the resources of a node.
Returns a JSON string containing the push data for the current user.
Boolean literal.
Generate random string of length l.
Convert a dictionary to unicode.
Print statements.
Delete an account.
Setup the platform.
Check if given string is a valid IPv6 address.
Decorator to apply a function to a copy of a clip.
Evaluate a string expression.
Check that the role serialization works.
Makes a datetime aware by localizing it.
Return the request URI for the given WSGI environment.
Partitions the entropy of the input by the given attribute.
Compute the minimum distance from the explored nodes to the node n.
Rescale x so that its length is num.
Apply a palette to an image.
Attempt to set the effective uid for the given user.
Return vmstat output.
Migrate all data directories to the data directory.
Load a dataset from a YAML file
Parses the given XML file.
Decode a sequence of characters into a tuple.
Call a remote method with the given request and response types.
Check if APC access is available on the system.
Calculate torrent hash.
Remove a file or directory.
Get stroke radius.
Return the triangle formed by the Sas function.
Get account information from the environment.
Return the string representation of the agent.
Write a message to stderr and exit.
Get the geometry of the element.
Decompose a multiplication into a numerator and denominator.
get makeopts variable
Recursively copy a directory tree.
Get reservations for given resources.
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
Convert image to numpy array.
Returns the indices for the given shape.
Return True if text is a plural form.
Return the name of a state.
Configure a matplotlib support backend
Add string metadata to xml element.
Set up logging for the given product.
Discretize model with subpixel gauss 1.
Wrapper around fopen that supports both Python 2 and Python 3.
Return True if object is a class object.
Backup complete handler.
A shorthand shorthand for range property.
Test a CGI string.
Register a new notification and return whether it was registered.
metric cleanup.
Check if a file exists in a package.
Copy attributes from old node to new node.
update evoked plot
Convert hash data to native Python types.
Campos zeros routine.
Convert text into an rdatatype.
Initialize the configuration and parse the configuration.
Toggle options.
Get the memory usage of the current process.
Yield the product of the given iterables.
Returns a list of manipulated paths for the loop.
Unescape a string using HTML entities.
Zero all mutable fields in a packet.
Add a user account to S3.
Detect shippable changes
Return a list of mailcapfiles.
Yields the offset count and coordinate tuples for the given zooms.
Run a convergence plan on the specified service.
Write job log data to xml.
Run all checks on the given estimator.
Try to log in using SSL.
Return the unchanged argument.
Get user profile details.
Extract the version number from the first line of the file.
Check if there are enough semaphores.
Run the test suite.
Make a response from generator.
list 1 p qualifier
Map volume to a single host.
Decodes the given value to unicode.
Traverse generic graph.
Write a list of images to a gif file.
Returns the numeric part of a string or none if the string is not numeric.
Get a property from an object.
Add a closed XML element to the output.
Decorator to determine which arp is installed on the system
Encode a dict as a HTTP header string.
OPT step.
Multiply a number by a factor.
Generate dates between start and end date.
Parses the fasta file and returns a list of tuples with the sequence number and the
Encode a Name object into a X509 Subject.
Force down a service
Find a configuration option in the specified namespace.
Get partitions of a disk.
get category value by label
Convert a number to a roman numeral.
Convert dispatch list into a YAML string.
Samples from the Bernoulli distribution.
Setup hass session.
Setup the logging module.
View for nested views.
Generate a category script.
Create a new local dict and add it to the stack.
Compute the covariance matrix between two sets of points.
Make sure that the uninstalled package is not deleted.
Permute a list.
Returns the KMV of the given number of meters miles and feet.
Compare two values using the constant time algorithm.
Decode JBIG stream.
Get cache key for a given account container or object.
Compares the specified token with the specified parser.
Decorator to indicate that a function should delay the execution of the function until it is denied.
Update a device.
Create a polynomial which is below xmin.
Change the group id
Get manipulated paths.
Return the name of the interface.
test against pytpm
Test to convert hsl to rgb part 9
Create a new flow.
Get the number of hosts in the cluster.
Return the translated field value for a given string.
Softmax softmax function.
Looks up a role by its name.
Run a command from the command line.
Create a new vlan interface.
Get course enrollment information.
Build a URL for a given endpoint.
Select corrected command.
Test a new bundle.
Make patterns for gettext.
Return a list of all registered factory modules.
UTF - 8 encode a unicode string.
Return True if expr is a function variable.
Generate a unique string for the request id.
Spyder application factory.
Return details about the event source mappings.
Show the details of a specific certificate service
Complete an operation.
Logout a user.
Calculate the HMAC - SHA1 signature for the given list of parts.
Extract a member from the archive to the specified path.
Get the line number of the given node.
Convert a logging level to the proper log level.
User post save signal handler.
Pack a request id and data into a message.
Get evaluated expression value.
Process an XML element.
Set the x layout
Prepare totals dataframe.
Check if item is in list.
Check if value is greater than or equal to arg.
Return True if source is newer than target.
Get all instances of a node.
Migrate settings to the given siteconfig.
Sign data.
Unicode safe comparison of two strings.
Block until the virtualbox is empty.
Compute a fingerprint for the given path list.
Return the full path to the base directory of the given dev.
Sort tasks by name.
Test if a field is solenoidal.
Edit a source.
Parse the target url.
Returns a tuple of auth settings or none if none is set.
Configure console logger.
Try to resolve URLs.
Poll the btmp file for events
Return True if the source is a flat list.
Get the interfaces for a given interface
Get the current localzone.
Check if translation can be added to project.
Run pydot print profile.
Expand integer type.
Sort results.
Return clickthrough rate based on impressions and clicks.
Safely snap to a repository.
Test conditionset equality.
Check if bucket name conforms to the DNS spec
Count the number of CPU cores.
Stop logging.
list all hosts on osquery
Strips the given value only once.
Flag an object.
Rescan if there are too many blocks in the database.
Returns markup for the given content.
Update the node with the given id with the given values.
Check if user has group permission for data dict.
Main function of this module.
Convert bytes to str if necessary.
Create a new view with the specified text.
Allocate an EC2 address and release it.
Adjust the time delay based on the last query duration.
Create a database for app.
Find patterns in text.
Return the username of the current user.
Return text up to and including the first dot.
Check if user has granted a badge for course key.
DEPRECATED use authomatic. instance. access
Return system information.
Test that the make imbalance function raises a value error.
Enable a service.
Get field name for a model field.
Skip a number of bits and return the new position.
Add a request to the queue.
Clone configuration dictionary for IOS device and emulator.
Validate a block of code.
No log message.
Get email from user id.
Read 4 bytes as a signed 32 - bit integer.
Check if we re running in Travis - PR.
Report deprecated worker module usage.
Return HTML fragment from input string.
Decode a string into an object ID.
Get bucket by id.
List all upgrades for a given jid
decorator for double output functions
Return the total number of seconds in a datetime. timedelta object.
List all instance profiles starting at the optional path.
Create a constant tensor of theano constant x.
Check to see if a message has been signed by the given hash.
Yields the nodes that match the given nodename in the given object.
Redirect user to create page
Get a string from the string buffer.
List roles for a user
Get text from a list of words.
Read edf. py and compare it to edf. py.
Remove all pdf epub htmlzip and html.
Broadcast an axis between two values.
Setup the platform.
Post delete page hook.
Create a JSON error message for a failed upload.
Convert a value to a numpy array.
Log a warning message.
Setup the test database.
Monitor the output of the given processes.
Get new state file name.
Encrypt a stream.
Return a context dict for the given revision.
Load a module and return the module object.
Test for multi language m2m.
Create a lex from a list of symbols.
Create a new egg from text.
Update the geospatial tree for a feature.
Log an informational message.
Import a Python module from a file.
Convert a string to a unicode string.
Check if a passphrase matches a hashed passphrase.
Return a list of schemas.
Generate a certificate for the given domain.
Extracts authentication information from a URL.
Rotate a blob in a bucket.
Samples of orm bundles.
Displays sales leads.
Initialize the config with the given options
Delete a topic
install jupyter hook
Return a list of cliques in the graph.
Return the hub matrix of a graph.
Run a simple WSGI server.
Loads all account types.
Return string p masked with string s.
Yields the indices of missing whitespace at the end of the line.
Decode base64 data and decrypt.
Iterate over all tests in the specified test suites.
Clear a feature.
Get the list of queues to wait for.
Load a YAML document from a stream.
Delete unjustified issues.
Returns the path to the python - inc directory.
type initializer.
Decorator to catch database errors.
Clear the cache.
Delete a server from a service group
Download a file from a URL.
Strip leading and trailing whitespace from a string.
Delete a LAN port
Returns the current time in milliseconds.
List neutron networks
Check if module can be imported.
Return a list of all available globs.
Return True if the document is the first line of the document.
Returns the diff between two files.
Print the current line number.
Convert ascii format to numpy format.
Name variations.
coin flip domain.
Parses the content of the mail and returns the date or time.
Check if pkgin is installed.
Release the lock on the server
Given a dictionary of keywords and a list of text return a list of combined keywords.
Show the last episode of a series.
Check if file exists and raise error if not.
Returns a list of columns based on the filters passed in.
Return the disabled state for the named minion
Return the versions information.
Clean test files.
Shortcut for capturing stdout.
Checks if the given name is a bucket.
Run a statement within a profiler context.
Convert a locale string to the proper language.
Invalidate star module cache.
Convert an IRI to a URI.
Process element node by derivation.
Lint Python files.
Get stack events.
Get LAN IP.
Serialize an object to a string using pickle.
Filter the given module to see if it is configured in settings. lettuce.
Convert url to bytes.
Truncate a title to a maximum number of characters.
Find a missing edge in a graph.
Create the sum - probability - distribution function.
Parses the log line and collects the results.
Social auth for a user
Register API routes for the given application.
Wrap a scipy. optimize. constrained. fit. Fit. fit.
Return a dict of unknown opttrans attribute.
Delete a repository.
Return a tuple of key - value pairs for the given log match.
Check if the current system is a smartos globalzone.
Return True if app is installed False otherwise.
Get a distribution object from a requirement string or provider.
Return True if path is a mount point.
Remove a site from the system
Parse a state value from a state string.
Refresh the database.
Check if the given path should be included.
No package is installed.
Get a block device.
Validate list of iterables.
Logs the user out.
Get the current command.
Read a chunk of the file.
Get chimeras from nast aligned fasta file.
Check ldev information.
Get the exit survey results for a given survey.
Resolve code to a string.
quopri encode a string.
Check if directory is installable.
Return set of distributions available from flocker source.
unban a user from a channel
Get a single version from a module.
Get path by begin and end control points and element.
Given a CFG and a livemap return a list of candidate LoopInfo objects.
Return a file descriptor for the given file object.
Get the date that an account was created.
Returns True if the user is logged in and has a language set.
Test that slices do not overlap with wrong mode.
Check html content.
Set a password for a keyring service.
Normalize a path.
Runs the poll command.
Add a friend to the authenticated user.
Restores an integer flag.
Test that history is a tabular history.
View for a group s members.
Create a formset from a list of dictionaries.
Get the current user
Returns a set of all used lun ids.
Get sharing strategy.
Approximates the geometric geometric divide of two geometric distributions.
Moment conditional lower bound LS distfn.
Get the current git changeset.
Expand metadata hierarchy.
Create a truncated normal variable with weight decay.
Return the status of a monit service.
Initialize a database connection.
Flag or unflag an addon.
Sends an e - mail and returns the result.
Read interface configurations from temp file.
Assert that the output element matches the given text.
The missing docutils page.
Start dump thread.
Grant a database privilege to a user.
Toggle libvlcfullscreen.
Send an update notification to the instance.
Finder for domain configuration files
Prints a statement
Creates a new thread.
Get the language code from the request.
Get a new repository.
Iterate over a list of namedtuples.
Returns a tuple of whether or not the module is virtual.
Generate the index file.
Returns the number of votes for the given object.
Bind a floating IP to a device.
Initializes the ansible local dictionary.
Fail if phi1 < s < derphi < s.
Clamp the norm of a point to be between - num and num.
Test scenario ignore commented lines.
Move up or down the stack.
Create a new class and return it.
Run the test suite.
Generate a unique id for the minion.
Convert a name value list to a dictionary.
Find a unix socket.
Get clean environment.
Start a zfs storage pool.
Get a string from a buffer.
Generate a random id
Returns the indices of the minimum values along the given axis.
Apply a function to all exprs in e.
Get current request.
Main entry point for the script.
Linearly convolutional layer.
Set authentication headers.
Generate a random coinc matrix.
Pauses the current thread for the specified amount of time.
Export ora2 data for a course
View for LTI login and complete
Block shape of values if necessary.
Parse a line into a string and a boolean.
Create a shared array.
Write string data to file.
Profile bulk insert dictionaries.
Solves a 3D system of equations.
Apply a set of modules to a highstate and return the highstate.
Output a response to the client.
Remove a tenant from a flavor.
Hide me from logging.
Get a scanner for the given domain.
List of themes.
Generate random sample indices.
Parse a git commit message.
Evaluate the given model.
Extract all the seconds from the results string.
Get neighbor configuration for given ip address.
Add edit or inject resources.
Returns the set of variables that are orphaned from i o.
Check if text has mixed eol chars.
Get a parameter from the request.
Box folder list request handler.
Insert twist portions.
Test theano rng functions.
ast. literal_eval. test
Legendre polynomial.
Return a list of shells
Test the bloom filter.
Print the connections of all switches.
Lock the password for the specified user
Fix the lib64 link in lib dir if it exists.
Generate a path to a rectangular grid.
Convert a file based on its extension.
Yield tuples of module name and whether the module is a package.
Get integer property value.
Get a template.
mode command.
Returns the volume object for the specified module.
Boot the Python interpreter.
Uninstall pecls from pecl
Override the system resolver function.
Check if value is a list or tuple.
Returns a list of the cpus online.
Set the absolute path to the file for all modules.
Return a list of nodes in the binary tree using a preorder traversal.
Splits a chunk into two subchunks containing the deletes.
Check if procedure is done or file is empty.
Create a small directory.
Get a random color.
Find image by name or human id
Choose a shard for the given instance.
Encode a JOSE certificate.
Show a map.
Run the test suite.
Logs the user in.
get nginx configurator
Return True if values are not equal False otherwise.
Euclidean norm of flat array.
Scrapy the web until the scrub is complete.
Get default secret key.
Get the validation set from the training set.
Parse a template string.
Tag page.
test continuous error
Send robots. txt files from the static folder.
Set a label for the x - axis.
Regular if statement.
Variance sigma.
Test species in totodile.
Run lint on the output of a tool.
S3 REST controller for water source.
Replace RVs with random symbols.
Identify functions that are used in the example file.
Return the ssh config for the given host.
About page.
Check if the attributes of this class differ from those of the extended class.
Uninstall one or more packages.
Return grains about the default locale
Create a new document with an image element.
Clear the database environment.
Check if user has permission to change dictionary.
Symmetrize a video clip by symmetrizing its duration and mask.
Clean up the content.
add num to called base
Parse a date delta.
Format a line as a master line.
Plot locations of dipoles.
Train the model.
Add a candidate track to results.
Dim commands.
Given a list of matches and a command returns a list of suggestions.
Read requirements from a file.
Add a query manager to the timeframed model.
Returns a list of all the packages installed under the given mirror.
Configure the rules file.
Cache. delete pattern.
Run pylint.
Run a command inside a salt container.
Read a file and return its contents.
Generate a x509 key and x509 certificate.
Get the current git revision for this file.
Get the content of a file.
Return the script object for the specified vm
Get bom stations from internet
Check if the given path is blacklisted.
Print results from a query results object.
Convert a unicode character to a Python codepoint.
Get exclude string from client directory.
Return the URL for the given resource provider.
Check if a group is in the specified group
Returns the line number of the currently executing function.
Returns a list of indices for the specified application.
Test symmetrical log locator parameters.
Apply a test function to each element of a sequence.
Run a function as a wsgi server.
normalize the facts from the metadata
Open file with file mode and sizes.
Create a topic rule.
Run lms.
Split all issues into separate pull requests.
evaluate op on a and b
Get the value for a given constant.
Run pootle quality checker.
Get a complex polygon from a start angle to an end angle.
Return a dictionary that maps a string to a dictionary of event data.
Enqueue a task.
Test renn initialization.
Check if an object is a scalar.
Create a figure with the cost data.
Return error traceback in html format.
Reblock a 2x2 block matrix
Run quteproc and wait for it to finish.
Add a project store to a project.
Extend linecache. cache by checking all filenames in the cache.
Run a test freeze.
Add a check to pre save.
Set an object attribute if it does not exist.
Create a qt. q color from an index.
Top down a sequence by applying a set of functions one at a time.
Check the status of an HTTP server.
Return True if ch is a junk character.
Parse synonyms from a string.
row scale function.
test sextractor for last column array
Get the last access time of a file.
Parse ipmi output
get s3a access key
Convert to i8 datetime object.
Show standard system icons
Returns a list of topics.
Return a list of items from a command output.
Returns a file dict and a list of files for all of the given packages.
Load an item from the cache.
Build resources.
Get user information from soundcloud.
Route not found handler.
Delete an IPsecPolicy
Set the window size of a given folder.
draws a circle of num landmarks
Return data to the database.
Return a list of all modules that haven t been loaded yet
Assert that the nav help link is correctly opened.
Fake file open.
Returns a random sentence.
Test data source from dict.
select a terminal state
Create eeg els from list of chs.
Get router from settings.
Calcualte the square root of a polynomial.
Round x to the nearest integer greater than or equal to x.
Check if object is writable or not.
Yields the offset count and coordinate tuples for the given zooms.
Attempt to validate an IPv4 address.
Write output file.
Format an object as XML.
Create a new scratch buffer.
Drop the first n elements of seq.
Returns a copy of the environment without coverage information.
Check if the given value is within the given range.
Run link limit test.
Test RGB conversion from HSL to RGB.
Get package version.
Test that the chart has the correct classes
Fetch daylight hours for a given location.
Find track by id.
Return virtual name as a tuple.
Time mirror of the audio.
Generate a range of uint8s.
Return unique path.
Render a template and return a response.
Raise an error if the variable is not found in the given candidates.
Render markdown text.
Validate that the value is in the current timezone.
Parse a string according to the OnBlog regular expression.
Execute a shell command and return the output as JSON.
Whitespace before parameters.
Convert a string to XML safe string.
Make a validation result.
get instrument by id
kill all running containers
Convert font size to a base font size.
Test ecliptic heliobary.
Get the path to the plugins directory
Split id into server and version.
Clean up the database.
CM reestablishment request packet.
Create a network object for the given data source.
Given a list of choices return a list of choices.
Return an edx rest client for the given student.
Canonicalize email addresses in a changelog.
Initialize the resource manager.
Check if the given flags have a label for the given level.
Create an image.
Verify a user password against a cleartext password
Get a new repository.
Output a header.
Get the current language.
Escape a string for use in an LDAP URL.
Watch the current locale for changes.
Get the ros home directory.
Update ordered units in a project.
Return the rcconf value for the specified service.
View for a GET request.
Convert a value to a unicode string.
Returns the full path to a given file.
Run a series of commands in parallel returning their exit status.
Unpickle a method.
Order poles in complex coordinates.
Return the number of bytes necessary to pad a string to the given length
Return True if the given path is a device.
Returns the skewness of an iterable.
Get a valid working directory.
Convert a slice to a tuple of strings.
Test category links.
Return an IP address bracketed with a string.
Find the bootable volume for a server.
Create a column of the given dtype.
autostart a batch of tools and rpc
convert from hass temperature to degrees
Get parameters for a function from docstring.
Randomly split features.
Generate recommendation data.
Check that the number of expressions in the returned expressions is less than or equal to the maximum number
Expand links in metadata.
Create a subscript node.
Parse the stderr from the EMR bootstrap script.
Encode a string using base64.
List member added event handler
Test whether hide and hide value are supppressed.
Upload a file to a remote host.
Test separation in galactic projection.
Create a request object.
Drop databases and contentstores.
Consumes the next n items from the iterator.
Get the global configuration for the app.
Check that the image is monochrome.
Reboots the server.
Check if a context variable exists.
Convert bytes to an ElementTree.
Validate throttle parameter.
Create a status line.
Redirect to the given path with the given status code.
Setup tellcore.
Creates a backup
Get arc distance.
Upload an image to a user.
Wrapper around os. popen that warns about deprecation.
Get default object values.
Get all exploration summaries from all the models.
Connect to the cloud cdn ep.
Print a warning message.
Get a file from a container.
Serialize obj to a JSON formatted str.
Convert mode to ndimage mode.
Write the changes that need to be made to the tree
Convert a sequence of bytes to a bytestring.
Returns the softmax of a probabilistic model.
True if comma in saml private key file.
Check if a generic folder exists.
Create a new XML stream connected to the specified componentid.
Encode a name and value pair.
Get system statistics.
Update a user s follower list.
Convert dotted string to dict.
Validate a configuration dictionary.
Run a single trial of the gradient descent algorithm.
Convert FASTQ file to FASTQ file.
Updates metadata for the given record.
Generate a unique id for the given http request.
Returns the list of interface addresses.
HTML parser.
Create a new user.
Return the absolute path for a given path.
Returns True if module not found False otherwise.
Assert that tps is the same as num.
Fit fps to model parameters.
Edit ticket.
Takes a list of gens and returns a num - tuple of gens.
Clear template info cache.
Implement match operations.
Find eog events in a file.
Returns a list of installed fonts on the system.
Summarize the given items.
Entry point for glances.
Isolate an algebra.
Set the log record factory.
Add plugins to menu.
Return the relative similarity between two strings.
Test if value is odd.
Convert to sphere coordinates.
Return double nibble hex encoding of t.
Get lexer for a mime type.
Moves the cursor right by the specified number of characters.
Create an initializer for a linear least squares model.
Runs the specified commands only if they exist.
Gradient of expected energy.
Convert a date string to a datetime object.
Exponential test for bounded exponential decay.
Unzip archive to temporary directory.
Test for cmdhistory. nextitem.
Create a Windows event.
Returns all targets in the given list that match the given build file.
Returns a square version of the given image.
Convert absolute path to relative path.
Check for changes between the modified and existing dicts.
Join user and host strings.
Load compiler configuration.
Read data from a file.
Return a tuple of whether or not the string is virtual.
Label parameter.
Test simple two - model compose 1d.
Return the latest installed version for the specified packages.
Scoped inception arg scope.
Print text in color.
Scan a module for safe imports.
Return filesystem label for given test case.
Run the web server.
Return an iterator of entry points for the given namespace.
Extract filters from a dictionary.
Format the nodetext.
Cross entropy computation.
Setup a local dimmer light.
Logistic function.
Replacement for sys. setenv ( use shell = True )
Return valid Salt configuration.
fit a sample using a MCMC distr
test reshape configuration
Get sample collection.
Return a list of mdadm devices
Create a zinnia breadcrumbs tag
Returns a random integer of num bits.
Load settings from file.
Selects randomly k individuals with automatic epsilon lexicase.
Convert path to absolute and normalized.
Convert a value to the type t.
Get current state of EBS volume.
Get libvlc media player object.
Get model instance.
Setup pcs cluster
Generate dict of headers.
Send col delete request to DCNM.
Scans the directory for config files and parses them for plugins.
Get user settings by username.
Get crafted text for a file.
Check for invalid qos spec combination.
Generate an indptr.
Catch bare exceptions.
Estimate the most frequent value.
Show the current version.
Run pyproc in a custom environment.
Check if there are any conflicts in the unmerged list.
Returns True if the contents of arr1 and arr2 are equal.
Load a markov model from a file.
Return a list of tuples one for each string in text with the color code colored according
Silence sys. stdout and sys. stderr during a contextmanager.
Test that finder priority nonegg over eggfragments.
update rc params with defaults
Convert markdown to plain text.
Check valid abd and naming pattern.
Generate a hash of the passwd using the specified user and alg.
Right shift 64 - bit accumulator.
Get libvlc compiler.
Given a dictionary of lemmas return a set of words.
Autohelp directive.
square root of p1 with number x.
Wrapper for get lum series.
Extend year spans.
Check if the given port is already listening.
Test that error is raised on file links.
Remove the vowel from the end of a string.
Prompts the user for a filename and returns a file object. Returns none if the user
Requote a URI using percents.
Get the metrics for the given record.
Initialize the log module.
Loop convex polygon.
Format a line of text for a cinder task.
Create a tag for an image.
Find fiducials files for a subject in a directory.
Return a human - readable label for a task.
Convert a BSON document to a dict.
Unfavorite notification.
Filter a list of dictionaries by a given key and value.
Match string type matches.
Bessel function filter.
Exit if node is not master node.
Reboot a vaping machine.
Regular expression.
Format the allowed section.
Check if user has permission to lock project.
Set up a switch device.
Convert datetime to cdtf format
Get top level images from imagedata.
Verify that pip wheel works as expected.
Create an ast. lvalue node.
Delete extra specs for a volume type.
Parse a HTTP header line.
Fail if word is not a boolean.
Return installed packages.
Get list of exploration ids subscribed to a user.
Returns the zero vector of length nt.
Copy volume glance metadata to a volume.
abstract declarator 5 ; p direct abstract declarator
Check the path to the specified module.
Delete an interface from bridge
Add a topic subscription to delete.
Check if a file is a tar archive.
Test SVD convergence.
Sends an email when user changes the email address.
Check if a device exists.
Check if an episode exists in the database.
Test that rotation works for 3D matrices.
Validate a file against a schema.
Exponential random variates.
Return the location of the config file
Decode unicode object.
Get all services for a single instance.
Check all files in paths recursively.
Test the implementation of advanced inc subtensor1
Convert a set of 2D boxes to cartesian coordinates.
Given a list of loops return the list of outer loops.
Run aws keys from env.
Return a tuple of whether or not SSL is virtual.
Extracts the id from a link.
Returns vni type from binary format.
Return a dictionary containing a list of files for the specified packages.
annotate the given text with the given color and background
Get model context.
Fetch disk or vhd image data.
Maximum absolute value u.
Get a dictionary for the language of a given type.
Guess the type of a field.
Initialize the bind completion model.
Return the path to the SSL certificate file on the system.
Generate a colormap.
Get the certificate for the specified CA.
Return the id of the given path.
Password reset confirmation page.
Find the review request object for the given review request id.
Parses the HTML output of the Jupyter notebook display.
Create a fiffv compensator.
Return value with line breaks replaced by br.
Get the command line arguments.
Convert an integer to bytes.
Dump the memory and free the memory.
Complete a sequence of sequences.
Return a dict with the mode and quotatype
Return a list of lines that start with the given name.
test feature ptbr from string
Show a single message.
Check that entry points are valid.
Install the test package in an SVN repository.
Record the first event.
Add a file handler for the given path.
Delete all and re - execute SQL.
Joins two or more paths and returns the resulting path.
Fork a new process.
Change the name of the process.
Create a new database instance.
Extract a ZIP archive to a directory.
Write the contents of a file to a user s incrontab
convert hdf5 file to bokehrgba
Return HTML representation of the graph.
Format a date object as an HTTP date string.
mc2cum returns the cum of mc
Install ssl configuration file.
Get cache configuration.
Log exception.
Decode an array of bytes using the specified encoding.
Get the content of a file.
Set request. cls. enterprise url.
Return True if the given string is an integer.
Convert a row to a polynomial.
Encode a string as UTF - 8.
Return available sizes for the configured provider.
Decode a string according to RFC 2231.
Deletes a quality of service spec.
Unzip a file
Validate a configuration dictionary.
Add command - line options for all basic types of commands.
Runs the test suite and asserts its output.
Create SSL certificates for https.
create url from base query and kwargs
Convert a local path to its canonical form.
Reference to a key value.
Callback for zip files
List meters for a project.
Load local variables from a file.
Returns a list of filenames of unmodified gcodes for the specified file.
Context manager that disables updates within a context.
Add a z - delta to the bottom of a loop.
Setup API connection.
convert aware datetime to naive datetime
Run a Flup fcgi server.
Get the type for the given temporal imp.
Load mnist images
Plot event collection and compare linestyle.
Simple tag with two parameters.
Serialize a sequence of Python objects into a YAML stream. If stream is None return the produced string
Provide a toolkit history.
Delete a draft.
Regression test for the nb optimizer.
Delete a url from the cache.
Returns a list of the active contexts.
Add a square two to a dictionary.
Parse add values.
Join rows.
Redo the last undone task
Collapse a list of address ranges into a single list of addresses.
Return the version of the installed nftables executable.
Permission denied handler
Test if a service is in the started state.
Add SSH public keys to the system.
Return the jids for a given returner
Checkin files by user.
Include a string tag only limited to unicode strings.
pytest - mark - parametrized generator.
Generate a regenerated config file.
Apply web specific fixes to a font.
Get table of image properties
List the nodes in the cloud
Wrapper around warn or raise.
Quote a string for use in shell commands.
Writes a list of merge cells.
Add light to platform.
Check module dependencies.
Validate local site users.
Inverse of inverse^2 of matrix m.
Remove paths older than the given mtime.
install docker plugin.
Compute df for a factor computation.
Read a cache entry from a file - like object
Returns a dictionary of fields and their associated formfield for the given model.
Expand a dictionary into a nested dictionary.
Read in the config file and return it
Add a track ID to a song.
Build a traversal spec.
Count the number of occurrences of num in each timeperiod.
Check if the given name is peered.
Build a base class object.
List threads for a given forum.
Check environment variables and raise appropriate exception if needed.
Remove a package.
Get the root directory of the Cuckoo project.
Create a date object from ticks.
Send email confirmation.
Find the logical line corresponding to the result.
Event handler for when settings are closed.
Test the pix2sky projection.
Insert paths into sys. path.
Convert a single resource to a table.
Get jinja environment.
Render the template with the best match for the current request.
Test that sparktext is shifted to num lines.
P item string expr
Returns a dictionary of field getters for all registered plugins.
Validate read preference tags.
Asserts that the specified path exists and cascaded compares.
Serve the specified file using GitPython
Rename the named container.
Request an OAuth2 authorization token
Convert a string to unicode if it is bytes.
Compile multiple files.
A context manager that creates a temporary script and executes it in the context.
Attach a volume to an instance.
Check if the current environment is the dev2 environment.
Nuke swift connection.
Takes a file - like object and returns a git patch message.
Find a voronoi loop around a point.
List launchd services.
Validate a file path.
Returns the version of evennia installed.
A task that sleeps for i seconds.
Print a statement.
Returns a new derivation object for the given element.
Automatically generate models for the given doctype.
PAGING REQUEST Section 9. 2. 2
Get locale from language.
Shows a diff dialog and returns True if the dialog was accepted.
Compare two DNs for equality.
Disable a module.
Get the platform string.
Inverse Fisher z - transformation
Test the similarity of the SVM model.
Acquire one or more processes.
Get dashboard stats for the last week.
Get text feedback.
Create a new bookmark collection.
test gradient operator
Send a message to a XMPP recipient.
Display a 2D array of data.
Start a new connection to an AMQP server.
Open a firewalled service.
Check if a directory is empty.
Get a marketing link for the given marketing name.
True if any of the arguments evaluate to True.
Add a user to the course creator group.
do query into hash table
Main entry point for the script.
Returns the value of the given param in the data.
Temporarily captures the output of the given stream.
Checkout current branch.
Tag an image with a repository.
Update a quota class.
Similar to django. shortcuts. get but return 404 instead of raising http404.
Return ceph version as a string.
Finds all roots of the given paths recursively.
Write chained output to file.
test adasyn with bad ratio
Write password to file.
Install and update test package.
Return the usage information for unallocated keys.
Make a POST request using requests module.
Encode a Python object into a JSON string.
Return a list of bridge names
Get the system username.
Split a string into a path and a file.
Process an element node.
Detect logos.
Check if we can connect to the given ip and port.
Generate a set of gradients for the current setup.
Uninstall flocker from Ubuntu
LOCATION UPDATING Section 9. 2. 13
Returns the current process.
Memoized id for a glance image.
Load environment from config file.
Check if the user has permission to send the email.
Prune any directories that match the clutter.
Extract allocations from a JSON body.
Return the python compiler for the current Python version.
Return a future that will fire once every dt seconds.
Return the number of parameter banks for this device.
Return whether or not remote events are supported
Get the z value of a block of code.
Encrypt text using ssh - key.
ignore the specified headers
Wrap aborter.
Signup a user.
check if we have sdram frequencies
Update the index for the given unit.
Add flaskbb plugins group
Test cross entropy softmax1 hot with bias dx.
Generate pwnstaller code.
Load the ipython extension.
Check if superset contains subset.
Return the active log format
Converts a symbol from one of its forms to another.
Updates the nomination date of an addon when it is approved or pending.
Check for copyright.
Output thread.
Declare local classes.
Returns a list of fieldsets for the current review request.
Authenticate using httplib2.
Add an etag to the response.
Run a job.
Partition a dict into two sub - dicts based on keys.
Return a list of paths to all of the application files.
Add a java fat library to the blade compiler.
Deactivate all translations.
Convert a list of RGB colors to a list of RGB components.
Get response body.
Returns the scores with the minimum score.
Convert a list of word relationships into an XML string.
Delete a task.
Returns the size in bytes of the given set.
Check if the given text has ajaxcrawlable metadata.
Parse a resource s schema info dict.
Wraps force_text to handle promises.
Get current session config.
convert format name to qemu format name
Cleans assets.
Get a set of allowed config keys.
Get unicode stream.
Sync user email addresses.
Find a executable in a list of paths.
Query EC2 for tags.
Convert PIL image to wx. Image
Invalidate star cache.
Get number of connected devices.
Check if a symbolic link exists.
Calculates the Euclidean distance between the largest inset loop and every loop within radius
Bump the version number.
Configure all registered mappers.
Invert an image.
Verify that the design document is consistent with couchbase.
Chooses a number of lines from a source string.
Check if the given array is sparse.
Returns True if the named service is disabled False otherwise.
Returns a list of tuples with the first item being the name and the second item being the
Update search ctr.
get filesystem size
Firewall Directive.
Returns a unique variable.
Iterate over a list of modules.
Get the information about the block device.
Set copyright and license.
Returns the error string for the variable count.
Decorator to create a tasklist extension.
Check if value is true.
Convert a gray list to a string.
Return a descriptor that can be used for tests
Add cdpaths to the set of paths.
Check ownership of an object.
Interpret size.
Provide metadata for the decorated function.
Set the dhcp dns for the specified interface
Get specific user.
Return the best content type for the request.
Convert datetime to epoch ns
Compare two cryptovariables.
Prompt the user to choose from a list of options.
Parse a tcp line
Return the generator and prime for a given Kex algorithm.
Returns the encryption oracle for the given secret name.
Remove the project database.
Determine the user agent based on the configuration.
Rebuild the wiki page.
Test regression in futuretimes 4302.
Return random text.
Setup sudoers for a user.
Compare two values using a constant time algorithm.
Main entry point for github - pull - api.
Return a string representation of value with arg prepended.
Get full path of test file.
Return the weighted average weight of a path.
Selects the best xmodules for the given identifier.
Decode a thumbnail.
Entry point for the script.
Instrument a process method that increments the buffer.
get quote by nick nick
Return a value that is undeferable.
Test that gl has the right config.
Get reverse sequence primers.
Convert ISO 639 - 1 language names to ISO 639 - 2 language codes.
Paste command text.
Return a RRX string with the given mode and ACL bit.
create groups signal handler.
Try to guess what kind of string the file is in.
Create a Kstone role
Check if object is writable or not.
Test the flattener layer state separation.
Discover tellcore devices.
Post process a group.
Raise an error in the network context.
Auto translation function.
Remove a check or a service.
Setup plugin options.
Create loop layers.
Fill the rc object with sample data.
Get a local attribute value from a string.
mobify an image.
Test init and ref from multidim ndarray.
Initialize the linter.
Returns a list of tuples of dsns and tokens
Modify a profile.
Get current authenticated user.
Backup application archives.
test result add skipped test result
Create subsystem instance.
Run the lock command
Generate java test coverage flag.
Get a value from memcache.
Remove the image property from the database.
Delete a logger.
Strip ANSI escape sequences from text.
Return a tuple of lists of lengths.
Connect to a remote host and check the validity of the connection.
Set configuration directory.
Run the screensaver command
Check the minor number of the specified device.
Bootstrap a bot and start serving forever.
Start the named vm
Migrate a message from a task.
Select plugin factory.
Main function of the script.
Run pip test code to specify implementation
Get the distance to a line from a set of paths.
Color - aware diff between two strings.
Get the location of a given object alias.
Show an error message.
Test enn. fit with a sample.
Sample rows of Orm table.
Return a list of displayable IP addresses.
Start the sqlalchemy engine.
Given a list of segmented topics return the set of top ids.
Recursively merge two dicts.
Convert RGB values to HSV values.
Initialize a test client.
Test configuration format.
Traversal function that returns a list of paths.
Get crafted text from text.
Get a flavor by its ID.
Convert an object to JSON.
Install a broken wheel.
Add a group to the system
Return the times of the CPU cores.
Describe cache clusters.
Test the file encodings.
Check that the configuration is valid.
Sample resources.
Change password form.
Validate the methods of the given plugin class.
Set OpenVZ containers.
Make a CSR for the certificate.
Get the OS ID for the given system name.
Get datasets from deployment.
Check virtualenv dependencies.
Parse response as JSON.
Set the state of a package
Run a set of functions on an object.
Convert text to unicode if it isn t already.
Enable theming for the current project.
Load a JSON file.
Returns the value for key from args or None if the key is not present.
Convert coord to action.
Run ifconfig test.
Get the bus name for a disk device.
Setup traditional switches.
Create a new widget for the given module and widget name.
Return a pretty string representation of any object.
Hyperbolic tangent of x.
Pretty print a simple matrix.
Replace all occurrences of unnamed groups in a pattern.
Return True if dir is a theme directory.
Get the complex path of the helix.
Check if a module is loaded.
Call an ast function with the given arguments.
Return True if a temporary IP address exists for the specified method.
Get a user s role.
move file from src to dest
Find the first result of applying a function to an iterable.
Convert a version object to a useful object.
Try to locate the given file name or return None.
Execute a command on the master
Format a number of bytes into a human - readable string.
Generate the postfixes of a sequence.
List profilers.
Check if cuda is available.
Returns a list of all objects in the system
Returns the maximum value in each group for the specified timeperiod.
Random integer.
Create a requests session
Check if user has permission of doctype or ptype
Return enabled quotas.
Create a Vt100 or Windows output object.
Creates a new domain. Returns True if successful False otherwise.
Get an attribute from an object.
Return hash of content.
Read a file from the local filesystem.
Test that the prompt count is equal to the user prompt count + num
Create a retry argument spec.
Return plurality of objs.
unary expression 3
Save a model to the database.
Return a dict with the anova attributes of the given resource.
Options for iperf
Computes the log - likelihood of the observed data.
Return the k - th element of seq ordered from smallest to largest.
Initializes the compare function.
Create a new datastore query for the given query.
Get all the infos for all the groups
Check that the major version is available.
Minimum copula.
Process an element node by derivation.
Parse a HTTP header string.
Search the LXC bridge number
Re - raise the exception as the specified exception or type.
Update or delete a document in the tree.
True if running under virtualenv False otherwise.
Runs the announce parser for the given HTML data.
Test that mesh data is square.
Resolve patterns path to absolute path.
Get the current inventory.
Compute targets for a given set of overlaps.
Returns a string representation of x formatted with the specified number of digits.
Set the mux parameter for the specified instance.
Encode a string using base64.
Add uri to mpd tracklist.
Cast a set of parameters from the given context to the given schemas.
Create a docker API client.
Multiplicity trial.
Returns True if profile image should be included in request.
Delete a folder.
Decode a cookie.
This demo shows how to parse a string.
Iterate over all tests in a suite.
Get protocol from settings.
Delete documents from an index.
Suppress warnings for no audit log.
Run the script and see if it succeeds.
Generate a map from file paths to their mtimes.
Find all unittest. TestCase instances in the specified package that match the mask.
Copy stat information from src to dst.
Create zone configuration file.
Index page.
Download filename to work directory if it doesn t exist.
Normalize a URI reference string.
Return a list of color names.
Convert string to lower case string.
Asserts that the chain type is a chain type.
Persist the value in the config file.
Detect the most likely distro.
Add a check to a module.
Pretty print a Python object to a file.
Return a list of rising items for the requested srs.
Create credential resolver object.
Get the name of the user field.
Strip variants from an address.
Returns the locale string for the given string.
Fix the count of incoming and outgoing review cases.
Validate a file asynchronously.
Test that html is properly rendered.
Convert internal date format to a time tuple.
Returns the name of the module from which the environment was loaded.
Remove senderkey from connections and senders.
Merge multiple sequences into a single list.
Convert numpy array to 2d.
lixian export download urls
Remove version from href.
Send notification after purchase.
Verify a file.
Add roles and config values to the application.
Temporarily disable warnings.
Wrapper around xmlcharref. encode that doesn t work on Python 2.
Returns True if polarity of s is positive
Set the computer sleep time in minutes.
parse xml repos output to dict
Returns True if running in a local environment.
List users.
Return the OS release string for a Linux system.
Cleans a bucket.
Flatten a nested dictionary.
Get default profile image urls.
Reverse the keys and values of a dictionary.
Match keys.
Get the proxy stream from the request context.
Flatten a TimeSeries into chunks of size n using the FFT.
Get the value for the specified section and parameter in the specified file.
Remove a named vm
Check if the given group id or name is the effective group.
Return booleans from events.
Get all server messages for the app.
Transpose an array in place.
Make permission config key.
Prompt user for admin cookie.
Parse machine string into user password port and profile parts.
Return a range that has num elements between start and end.
Returns the style value for the specified key in the xml element.
let let.
Get information about a role.
Record the usage of the given slice.
Move tables from one database to another.
Compare two objects for equality.
Return the version of the installed package.
test copy and append
Duplicate the square root of a rational function.
Return the name of the latest installed package.
Convert path to lowercase.
Cancel a card hold.
Return True if the minion is virtual otherwise False.
Create a lock file if it doesn t exist.
Create an assignment tag that only takes one or two arguments.
Entry point for the script.
Attempt to find links to the latest installed PyPI package.
Set the hostname of the mongod server.
Get the list of running daemons and their service flags.
IQR of a sequence of numbers.
Stub a certificate.
Get an item from a collection.
prepares apt for running
Convert search torrent to json.
Percentile value of an array.
Check if array a is sorted ascending.
Run the reloader child process.
Get a validator by name.
Get libvirt credentials.
Return the VTK version string.
Validate that value is positive.
Setup KNX tunnel
Bottleneck block reduction.
Given a domain name return the corresponding zone object.
PEP440 - style format.
List all design documents.
Base64 encode a string.
Creates a new PostgreSQL database
Calculate the entropy of a window.
Processes the xml element.
Get standby timeout.
Remove file or directory.
Validate that value is not blank.
Decorator to make a function output void pointer.
Clip the left and right strands.
Connect to the cloud monitoring endpoint.
Find a health check that matches the wanted one.
Generate test files.
Wake up stuck requests.
Get the version information for a URL.
Return platform token for the current platform.
parse tform into repeat format option tuple
Get a single item from the set.
Build a graph from a set of fasta files.
Connect to a Facebook account.
Run a command on the specified node.
Round a number up to a specified number of digits.
Check if the distribution is ubuntu.
Template tag that renders a snippet of unit critical checks.
Returns the start and end position of the playlists.
Normalize a column.
Installs an addon s dependencies.
Load application from file.
Update cloudpipe configuration.
Return a datetime. datetime object for the given date hour minute second.
Returns a list of tracks that match the given track id.
List of groups the user belongs to.
Check if the driver is compatible with the host agent types.
Test slugify.
Get cache object.
Returns the path to solrctl or none if solrctl is not installed.
Reexec the currently running executable.
Use the oslo logger.
Uninstall and upgrade packages before upgrade from a URL.
Filter bad releases.
Get the image for a vm
Show series by exact name.
Find ticket for given bridge.
Return True if expr is a sqrt expression.
Return a dict with the CGI environment variables from a parsed url.
recursively builds all files in src dir and writes them to target dir
Return a list of backup files.
Return True if k is a negative dielectric constant.
Return a basis function for the given genotype.
Clear all caches.
newline token.
Return html preview image for given object.
Return the style dict for the element.
Tracks the given event.
Find the installer for a given module.
Get the value of the loc key.
blur an image using Gaussian blur
Dynamically import a module and return its docstring.
Bulk formats fullnames for persons.
Run pip test format priority.
Count the differences between actual and expected.
Load a certificate using pyopenssl.
List all snapshots for all virtual machines in the specified domain.
Get the argspec of a function.
Get all roles assigned to a user.
Set up the application.
return sandbox on prod response
Square root of x.
Get user attempts.
Get the absolute number of a show.
Find iso SR number.
Export languages as JSON
Ensure licenses exist in database.
View a single account.
Polynomial derogation.
Returns the orientation in exif for the given image.
Reduce the integral of a primitive function.
Return the swap memory settings.
Update the ssl config with the values from opts
return short name of nt uri
Executes a CLI command on the remote host.
Clear uuids.
Validate a list of handlers.
Find the kernel for the given path.
Create a socket and connect.
Load the data and return a Dataset.
Create a file at the specified path.
Run dssp on a pdb file.
Third order Chiang f3 function.
Get a global user secrets manager.
Split a key - value pair from a string.
True if the minion is virtual otherwise False.
Create a directory if it doesn t exist.
Get the bounds of a list of sizes.
Translate a translation matrix.
Rename a key
Starts a viewer for the specified filename.
Return a test suite.
Convert RGB representation to 256 colors.
Decode a hex addr.
Instrument class as declarative.
Entry point for the script.
Get disk size.
Collect neutron and ovs ports.
Writes a template summary file to disk.
Check if the given octet is in the quopri header.
Evaluate the given op over the given batch of samples.
Compute the manual derivative of a function with respect to a symbol.
Promote latest release to latest release.
Aiohttp client mock.
Create a cloudpipe project
Make a directory and all its sub - directories.
Get a connection to the storage backend.
The view function for the index view.
Handle activity related to the post.
Request layer based on config and path.
Add a crossfade command.
Write data to a file.
Generate a random asset metadata.
Run binskim either locally or via binskim.
Count the number of followers of a user.
View for a user.
Populate collectors with collectors from the specified collector directory.
Recursively imports all submodules and submodules of a module.
Return the label for a field.
Nearest neighbour cleaning rule wrong number of indices
Return the auth module
Return a list of dicts where the key is the value and the value is the item.
Check if the given namespace is visible.
Given a grid of heights return a grid of heights.
div expr.
Serve directory listing.
Set the timezone for the salt master
Return a bugreport for the current application.
Navigate to the previous window.
Return a monomial exponentiation of a.
Returns the svn revision for the specified index number.
Run the example.
Returns a track function for the given task.
Alias for reverse.
Create a new filesystem.
List all mock games in a directory.
Validates a list of domains.
Verify that all indices are unique.
Get virtual interface by instance uuid and network id.
Get resources on service clients.
Return the absolute path to a relative path.
Returns a JSON response containing a list of objects.
Check if the downloaded file is the same as the complete file.
Find disk in libvirt dom.
Encode images using the model.
Concatenate url and args.
login token status
Assign a random topic category.
Install the module.
Write a fake ring file to disk.
Check if a string is a papachan
Rz test.
Initialize the parameters of the fflayer.
Generate a project list file.
Get the tagname of an element.
Filter a list of tasks.
Create a Spyder action
Returns the index of the first occurrence of b in a.
Parse signed request.
Recursively merge two dictionaries.
Runs the given function on the given object and puts the result in the results queue.
Return an absolute version of the given path.
Convert a graph into an edgelist.
Check the quota for the given image size.
Partially update an exploration document.
Rewind to the previous completion.
Location lookup ajax.
Get ico triangular matrix.
Test log locator parameters.
Break simple sub - text into scores and key.
Return the base64 - encoded digest of a hashlib. sha object.
Buffer recv worker.
Return a generator of tokens that are not stopped.
Create a WSGI resource.
get word set from page
Check if user has permission to view doc using hooks.
Add params to querystring.
Corrupt a given number of bytes.
Return a path object for the given string.
Clean up the classification network
Returns a list of paths from the given items.
Summarize string.
Find migration repository.
Test video embedding.
Stop dumping processes.
Draw a rounded rectangle
Grab the lock from the given line.
Repair the central directory of a ZIP file.
Update an image.
Get field info for a model.
Parse media range and return fitness and quality.
Get overrides for a given CCX.
Verify the checksum of the buffer.
Generate a discrete sequence.
SMTP command.
Returns a human - readable string representing the given number of seconds.
Type pointer.
Filter lines that do not match requirements regex.
Create a new wrapper for the given model.
Generate a unique id for a user.
Print keypair information.
Modify tags on a node.
True if running in virtual mode False otherwise.
Create a new node.
Sphinx extension.
Display a snippet.
Directive for the goal module.
Convert a multidict to a dictionary.
binds context to a group
Solve the generalized OT problem using NCG.
Returns the Oracle request string.
Return a list of client urns to test.
Returns the item at index i from mylist or default if the index is out of range.
Permute a list.
Test theano shared constructor for a float32.
Load Singular Value Decomposition
Return a simplified and clipped loop path.
Kill the current process.
L1 norm of a tensor.
URL encode a list of tuples.
Write external book to XML.
Returns the result of divmod between x and y.
Mask events by trigs.
prints the number of andes
PrimitiveType for a virtual oracle.
Write data to file.
View for the spam page.
Add a collar shaft to the model.
Convert a string to a slug.
Update a plan and execute its instructions.
Create a new node
Validate a list of strings.
Get a local url for a xblock resource.
Tag to get current language node.
Int64 feature list from a list of values.
Null error tracker.
Create a new log url.
Extracts the carving from the XML document.
Given a list of synsets and a dictionary of human readable labels return a list of human readable
Split a polynomial into two sub - polynomials.
Finds the number of maximal occupancy in a list of directories.
Computes the rosen hessian of x.
Remove tags from value.
Check if a device is a valid partition.
move and symlink a file
Make a rowkey for a scan scan.
Get instance tag by instance uuid.
Get the configuration for the current backend.
Find the notifier method name for a given property.
Returns a list of snippets for the given file name and function name.
Create a new course
Lift a numba loop into a numba loop.
Get the version number of the specified file.
Return a hash of the contents of the subtitle file at the specified path.
Look up a CNAME for a domain.
Setup platform for USPS
Run the spm package manager
Get organisation address.
Check exclusive options.
Add a node to the cluster
Return information about a certificate
Create a new signing keyset.
Return whether or not the string is a virtual file.
Record the result of an exchange.
test root mean absolute error
Readline bridge.
Add serializer errors.
Build initiator target map.
Change the name of a table.
Decorator for lru cache.
Compute the legen lut accurate.
Download a file from an origin to a destination
Add a new user.
Create slice objects.
Remove the prefix from a string if it exists.
Wrapper around os. NamedTemporaryFile.
Loads a multi - database.
Return the latest published peps.
Returns a list of lists where each list contains the cross product of all the given lists.
Unpacks the given source.
Fork a process using the win32 find exe.
Deterministic symmetrization of a decorrelation.
Detach a EBS volume
Read one coil point from a directory.
Generate a random base64 - encoded secret
Get a new repository.
Create a new string buffer.
Get and verify the sizes of the data.
List available modules.
Wrap exception in a warning message.
Build match conditions.
Get the units name and spheroid for a given spatial reference.
Sanitize a redirect to a specific host.
Compute a set of windowed Fourier transforms.
Average precision.
Clear the cache.
Create a new group.
Return roots of a linear function.
Create a diff between two objects.
Get the current speedlimit.
Set the date of an object.
Check if an object is hashable.
Get list of file extensions.
Show feedback options.
Convert a resource to a variable.
Parse the remainder of the argument string.
Build wedge text source.
Parse a trust root file.
Print help for all available commands.
Create a new package in the specified folder.
Runs a single S3 request
Get the style attribute of a node.
Query a rel table.
Returns the alias for the given class.
Squared difference of two numbers.
Parse the sqlite table schema.
Represent an ACL bitmask.
Returns a list of popular urls.
Commit the current transaction.
Iterate over all WinService instances.
Display information about users following a dataset
Get the status for a given vm state and task state.
Delete a project.
Return a temporary directory for testing.
Returns a list of disabled modules.
Test that popup injection works.
Set the GID of the running process
Destroy the instance with the given UUID.
Return the API version.
Get a list of path names.
Return the full path to the configuration file.
Default 500 error handler.
Generate a sequence of numbers.
Collapse attachments into a soap message.
Tear down test databases.
Flatten a nested dictionary.
Convert a sequence of objects to safe unicode strings.
Get package data.
Add a Swig library to the blade compiler.
Convert string to format string.
Loops in descending order of area.
Unescape doctests.
Filter for public email.
Generate a uuid for the given namespace and name.
Switch to a request.
Replace options in doc with those specified in opts.
Default tax handler.
Measure the length of the tables.
Returns the path to the given git head.
Convert stts tag to penntreebank.
Like str. lstrips but returns the result as a string.
Update parent status.
Groups the tokens in tlist that match cls. m.
Returns the minimum of the two complex numbers.
Return a copy of the dictionary with all metakeys prefixed with the prefix specified by prfx
Samples a function f over the specified number of arguments.
move song list between two numbers
Stop a service.
Validate that the update is a mapping with a string starting with the string str.
Copies or renames a transcript.
Check if the given name is valid for the given safe chars
Set the http wrapper.
Return data to a redis server
Check if the arguments are valid.
Extracts i18n information from command line options.
Get a new repository and widen it.
Return the version tag for the current version.
Write chained output to file.
Check if the minion is present.
Send a signal to the master
Dedent the first n characters of a string.
Get a Spacewalk session.
Get a manager class from an engine.
Show the details of an instance.
Get a random date and time from a crontab.
Profile the context.
Create a temporary file.
Check authentication every auth check interval seconds.
Return a set of all free gens that have the given symbol.
Find a host by uuid.
Compare a list of optimizers.
Service all stack messages.
Create a deferred class for the given model and attributes.
Unpack a CLI argument and return its value.
Split digest auth data.
Test the sobel h filter with vertical integration.
Update an instance in the database.
Validate a configuration dictionary against a set of valid masks
Returns True if the specified user can access the course.
Returns a tuple of a boolean and the name of the virtual environment.
Run jsonreport.
View for listing sale orders and statuses.
Compiles a Python file and checks it for syntax errors.
Remove leading and trailing whitespace from a multiline string.
If Series. argmax is called via the numpy library the third parameter in its signature is out
Return a string containing the length of the string t.
Test the length of the bootstrap distribution.
Copy volume glance metadata to snapshot.
List all mounts on the minion
Return btrfs filesystem information.
Deep bases win over dependents.
Get the build platform.
Process the xml element representing a shape.
Return a dict of fields that have changed between two dictionaries.
Check that the free space for path is less than the given size.
Get details for etag.
Put signing keyset.
Find the closest surrounding loop.
Temporary boolean property.
Write unpaired reads to file.
Generate the table of contents.
Try to determine the database version of the specified file.
Return a compiled regular expression for the given pattern.
Get the version of the given Bitcoin address.
Convert dictionary to tuplized dictionary
Creates a new test user.
Test managed file mode.
Check if provider is configured.
Get the ancestors of the given entity.
Cookie jar test.
Decrypt data with the given key.
Load the results tarball into a temporary directory.
Return the URL that should be redirected.
Get all comments.
Split a list into n - sized chunks.
Block the current entry.
Process a bitmap file.
Demangle a file name.
CONCERPT CONTROL Section 9. 2. 2
Return the interface string for a host.
Calculates the garbage content of a sequence.
Creates a new security group rule.
Rewrite provider uri.
Safely join paths to a base directory.
Return the q - factorization of the given codon substitutions.
Given a mime type and parsed media ranges return the fitness and quality of the media range.
demographic endpoint for S3
Add dicts by key.
Add subdomains to the kargs.
Determine whether or not the user has at least one tenant.
Decrements any number in the tuple tup by num.
Use a behave or user mode within a context.
Draw a three - dimension scatter plot.
gth must raise a value error.
Create a matplotlib patch.
Send a message asynchronously.
Send an alarm message to the bot.
test function.
Get photometer object by name.
Associate a fixed IP address with a pool.
Add help to menu.
Check if the LRC checksum of data equals check.
Make a paginated API response.
Get the coordinator for the process.
Return grains from netbsd gpu
No selection.
Reload lettuce when terrain import fails.
Return the path to the data directory for a given component.
Disassociate an API key from a list of stagekeys.
Transform an expression - like de using a polynomial expansion.
Open a local file or directory.
Compares a value with a version.
Check if the current matplotlib environment is interactive.
Attach custom fields to the queryset.
Get the script name from WSGI environment.
Search for sprot or trembl in text.
Create new frappe site.
URL - encode text with safe characters.
Returns a list of recommended brands for the specified user.
Receiver for user pre save callback
play players from json data
Get or set options.
Compute the overhang span of an element.
Returns the x - axis label for a given epoch axis.
Run the HTTP server.
Get the default timezone.
Return a relative URI from base to to.
Remove and validate a key from a configuration dictionary.
meetinglink command example.
Returns a vim. vm. VirtualMachine object for the given vm name.
Loads a gradient boosting model.
Sends a confirmation email to a pre - registered user.
Search the wikipedia database for a query.
Returns a list of handlers.
add tune2fs to mkfs option
Determine uniqueness of object.
Return a string containing the variable expansion of p.
Ensures that the given attribute exists in the given context.
Pre - prediction function.
Return the docstring of the module at filename.
Check if a number is possible for a given region.
Temporarily disable the excepthook.
Detect OS.
Normalize brightness between two images.
Redirect a page n times.
Return a branch of results as a single statement.
Determine the device type from a model.
Returns a list of all positional arguments of a function.
test export operator.
Return true iff the fgraph contains softmax ops.
Update the given PV using the given batch of images.
Processes an element node by derivation.
Convert string size to bytes.
Determines if a module shall be skipped based on the options.
Sends an e - mail message.
Test for equality.
Audio left and right.
Install twisted. internet. main import reactor
Convert text to bytes.
Metablock tag handler
Slice obj by a and b.
Source tmux files.
Create a base64 - encoded artifact string.
Logs the user in and stores the username in the context.
Verify that the specified name does not exist.
Delete a scan.
Get the list of surrounding loops around the given loop.
Fetch inventory data.
Return the most popular groups.
Return the current network io counters.
Return a UTF - 8 string representation of a thing.
Convert path to unicode if necessary.
Extract the version number from the version file.
Return the distutils version string.
Create a subprocess with the given cmdline.
Load a certificate and a keypair from a file.
Return True if derived is out of date with original.
Return a list of users.
Topologically sort the input space.
Show the details of a snapshot.
Check if the restart is on or off
Generate symmetric polynomial.
Create a ctypes structured array of given shape and type.
Recursively convert a value to a number of twips.
Make tags in proper format.
Tag to get current language node.
Get epochs from raw data.
Return base64 encoded htm file.
Get the element at the given rank.
Extract num - th element from snmp data.
Validate that value is a string type.
Read GPI from file handle.
Runs the protogo source command.
Step when command output contains text.
Update a group.
Create or get an Elastic IP address
Return a tuple of the unfinished word and the word itself.
Determine list kwargs from options.
Return a list of languages and akas for a movie.
Entry point for the script.
Test the status output of a command.
Return True if the URL has an explicit scheme.
Runs a step and asserts that it succeeds.
Set up logging for the specified product.
URL quote a string.
Redirects the user to S3.
create a dot mavproxy directory
convert volume id to ec2 vol id
XOR two bytearrays.
Find a file on the minion that matches the specified path
Returns a list of command tuples for the specified client.
Compare actual and expected media types.
pretty fulltext version of fulltext. sentence
List runners on the minion
Disassociate a profile from an instance role.
litecoin hook.
Returns a list of all profiles in the specified directory.
Delete a metadef property
Add an application to a node.
Check if we re running in virtual mode.
Check if the given string is a buggy ua.
Expand environment variables in a path.
Recreate instances in the mig.
Get a list of all bears names
Return the length of a base64 string.
Encode a value using base58check.
Log resize error.
Validate a password against a set of password validators.
test success XML test.
Return a dict where the keys are the dict keys and the values are the dict values.
Return the identity of an object.
Check if the user can assign the article.
Cache call signatures.
list tables in dataset
Query Redis for a specific key.
Configure the platform.
Returns the path to the module with the given name.
Determine the maximum length of a line.
Fetch the given url.
Replace a variable expression with a default value.
Test that we don t have stdlib or collections3 installed.
Compute the kurtosis of an array.
Get a course by id.
Start the babysitter server.
Return whether or not the system is virtual
Initialize the working set.
inject net into fs
Copy local config file to the config path
Create a single synapse.
Test the schema of a service.
Test specifying features in inner directory.
meijerg hyperbolic function.
Check if a path is entirely inside any of the loops.
Check estimator method.
Create a number of bytes and print it to stdout.
Query the database.
Install nodejs from source code.
Returns the fpart of x.
Get the size of a stream.
Configure VIF host backend.
Clone a repository.
Check redundant virtual group.
Run tscript in test mode.
Prompt user for folder flags.
Create a multiprocessing pool.
List the contents of an incrontab file
List initializers.
Load example module.
True if tk is string type.
Convert a list - like object to a datetime. timedelta64 or datetime. timedelta object.
Convert a bool to a bytearray.
Summarize the alignment.
Pad labels with zeros at the end along the time axis.
Negative generalization of the polynomial f.
Parse a path expression.
Port range parser callback.
Return ssl adapter class.
Event handler for instrumentor init.
Add two numbers.
Interpret char as a macro.
Assert that two strings are equal.
Get the city code from the request headers.
Find crypto maps and print their text.
Convert url to mid number.
Returns the ccx for a coach.
Returns the sortkey of a sort sq operator.
Update package database
Call xenapi to ensure correct host
Force the given value to be bytes.
Unset the role for a user.
Return 404 if the page does not exist.
Build a base64 encoded image from data.
Handle cinder format exceptions.
Logs in a user with a password.
Split title into title and year.
Exponential sineh with respect to x.
Format a number with i18n.
Include a template tag that renders the given string with the given arguments.
Least common multiple of two polynomials.
Build an HTML page.
Adjust connectivity matrix x to be coherent with connectivity matrix connectivity.
Profile a single function using the bc01 method.
Find and return html.
Register a contributor.
Multiplicative multiplication for primitives.
Options for creating a new collection.
Start a glances web server.
Get the request body from the request.
p expression name.
Returns the deterministic value for the given table name and max value.
Add a command to the command list.
Get all the roles that have the specified prefix.
Get preferred environment encoding.
JSON output handler
Return a dictionary of module names to file paths.
test that cant compile a string
Returns the output of the given data.
Check to see if the bridge does not exist.
Make sure that the translations are the same.
Parse a usage specific string.
Get all sharing strategies.
Returns a list of available languages.
Run hook.
Save the current state of the minion
Unpack zipfile to extract directory.
Execute a function on a list of objects in parallel.
Stop a running command
Create a new user in the database.
Recursive function to normalize a formset dict.
Returns a human readable delta between two timestamps.
Return the current user as a string.
Compute the signature for a message.
File information in the database
Resizes a bitmap to the specified height.
Get python code from a list of paths.
Get connection to nova.
Make a gax logging API.
Attach task statuses to a queryset.
Filter a harrisim array to return only the points with the given distance.
Decrypt data with AES - ECB cipher.
Run initdb.
Upgrade a bill.
Get the windowposition of a given folder alias.
Update an image member.
Remove zone slave from master device.
list 2 p init declarator
convert dict to idict
Get monitoring information for a virtual machine.
Run a command in a working directory.
Yield filenames for all platforms in a directory.
Distance clustering.
make base dir if it does not exist
Generate a local random number.
Pick a channel from the inverse operator list.
Delete a group.
Remove the reference type from a string.
Return a rainbow of the given string s.
Write a Python code object to a file.
Returns True if the number can be dialled internationally.
Duplicate right - hand side.
Deletes a resource cascade from the database.
Load a horse format image.
Start a new signal with the given name.
Get points from a path.
Test that a string is not found in the caplog.
Unquote a string.
Chooses a random number between num and k.
Read the contents of a file.
Entry point for the migration script.
Get the location of the dropbox database.
Crawl the fabfile and make sure it s a task.
Convert a value into a template.
Chebyshev distance.
Return the state of a minion based on its name.
Convert a format string to POSIX - style LMLP - style.
Test the gas cost of an EIP150 opcode.
Select a random node from a list of nodes.
Returns the datetime format for the given locale.
Extract valid args from a function call.
Show a template tag if it is cached.
Serialize an event for the given user.
Store rendered templates in the store.
Build a test WSGI environment.
Convert a hex file to a binary file.
Invert the monoms of a polynomial.
Test for contravariance.
Add a specified number of times or less to the specified datasets.
Yields all files in the str directory.
Parse an asynchronous operation response.
Wrap sock with org sslwrap only once.
qute help handler
Return a list of all roles
Get the indices of the contrasts of an effect.
Get platform information.
Get the path for a resource.
Yield tuples of filename and filename of example file.
Flatten a nested list.
Returns the total number of cells in the inline admin form.
get parent theme name
Validate image parameters.
Returns a runner for the given executable using the given executor.
Find the dumb path for challbs.
Tests the omni norm of a set of residuals.
Check if the current platform supports color.
Configure the platform.
Get repository metadata by repository id and revision.
Create a new thread and start it.
Parse a string and return the AST.
Return a test suite.
log request headers
L21 norm of a.
Install a python module.
Move a file or directory.
A11y crawler.
Create a pool
Unquote a string.
Print usage and exit with parsing error.
Make labeled form entry.
Coerce string to unicode if necessary.
Manage imported files.
Given a list of tokens returns a list of tokens where each token is a function call it with
Create a networkx graph for the given action context.
Unfollow a thread
Multiply a number by two.
Recursively copy contours from one font to another.
Get the securitygroupid for a given securitygroupname list.
List configuration options.
Returns a truncated tetrahedron graph.
List the nodes in the cloud
Count the number of times x appears in v.
Create a GitHub pull node.
Run migrations online.
Unmount a target.
Rejection line.
Test the LSTM masking layer.
Convert geometry from xml representation to coreml.
Publish an exploration entry for a committer id.
Setup the platform.
Get email date as string.
Convert a password to a dictionary.
Set the console mode for the specified file descriptor.
Generate the mac for poisoning report.
Detect if code is blacklisted.
Return a list of not allowed IP addresses.
Test find module.
Decorator that closes the first reaper.
Prompt user for input until the input is valid.
Returns a random number between start and stop.
Converts xls string to rowcol row abs and col abs.
Strip handshake from capfile.
Get the status of an engine.
Remove a mpd playlist.
Create index if it doesn t exist.
Migrate non shared disks to non shared disks.
Parse the given expression into an expression object.
Return the number of seconds since now until d.
Return a SQLAlchemy session maker.
Check if a file matches one of the exclude patterns.
Returns a list of public certificates.
Download a corpus.
Get plugin media path.
Convert an exml to a dictionary.
Set a namespace on the request object
Constructs the snap name for a volume.
Run a command and capture output.
Python version independent version of urllib3.
Set obey over18
Create a new figure manager given a figure.
Nvlist2 generator.
Equivalent to mkdir - p.
Set bucket ACLs.
Returns the hyperbolic tangent of an integer.
Return the number of footprints of the given object.
Call a redis command and return the return value.
Replace tvars in arg with args.
Trigger a build for a project.
Return the nonce key for the given server url timestamp and salt.
Build command line arguments for the install command.
Check if user has permission to manage project.
Get frequency from base.
Markembling colour.
Initialize earlyinit with a standard error handler.
get top rated exploration summaries
Create a socket connection to a remote host.
Build a logger instance.
Get host for replication group.
Apply a decorator to a function.
Builds the URL to the server.
Rastrigin s scaled representation.
Generate a URL for the given arg.
Return the code and stride for the given freqstr.
Search for a media.
Return a SQL representation of an object.
Multiply a right - hand side with a constant.
Get pickleable exception.
Clipboard selection is not supported.
Compute the dot product of two vectors.
Context manager for localization.
Returns the poster for the video.
Get the current global dictionary and local dictionary stack.
Assert that two URIs are equal.
Check if the package requirements need to be downloaded.
Returns the storage backend for the given file.
Convert Python 2. 7 to Python 3.
Returns a list of firewall sources for the specified zone
Compare two revisions.
Return True if m and n are disjoint.
Generate code of given kind.
Patch the EMR timeline for list steps.
Add or remove a certificate exception for a student.
Setup platform for transmission.
Initialize socket.
Convert index coefficients to lpol.
Get resource limits.
Create a sound rate table from a file.
Check if value is an array or a string.
Configure the platform.
Exponential moving average.
binary expresssion.
Return a boolean indicating whether the host is auto logined
monkeypatch tarfile. copyfileobj
Generate an html file from a yaml file
Return an ssl context for the given host.
add product endpoint
Check Mayavi version.
Get remote urls for apps.
Plot lines and circles.
Returns the default timezone.
Convert datetime since epoch to string.
Compares two objects ignoring case.
Find intersection point on line.
Set system info value
Returns a list of references for the given field in the given table.
Get a logging handler.
Get all sql objects.
Load a sprite image
shelter type.
Determines the padding type for the given kernel parameters.
Return a list of configuration directories.
get init fails if init fails
Return the complement of the string s.
Convert expiration to seconds.
Asserts that the environment contains the given string.
Disconnect user.
Trigger a frappe. scheduler. Event for each site.
Unpack a directory.
Generate a verification key.
Set the current operating system.
Returns True if the message should be kept in the given account.
Returns the largest of the given numbers.
Convert x to string using str encoder
Initialize the metric module.
Convert a rotation string to a float.
Pubsub pubsub bigtable and bigtable packages wait for them to finish.
Samples from a 2D function using a polynomial.
Compare two brackets.
Run Spyder in test mode.
Remove admin privileges from a user.
Returns a request object for the given CSR.
Add a prefix to each line of a string.
Create a network
Remove the expo number from the intpart and fraction.
Get the version number of a package.
Evaluate a cond expression.
Return whether readline is available or not.
Get the mock root directory for HDFS.
Given a year month dayofweek and an integer number of days of the week return the datetime
Resolve the version to the latest installed version.
Open a log file.
Return the number of days since the given time.
Register a new hook handler.
Test page detect screen size.
Write an HTML table to a file.
Find the maximum daily commit count for a given calendar.
Resolve function from spec.
Test the labeller function.
Set the virt path
Wrapper for grains.
Add Twitter access token.
Get current babel locale
Get marker parameter from params.
Convert shape to geometry.
Return the current time in seconds.
log of the mean expression.
Set the version of the script in venv dir to version
Find the minimum distance from a point on a surface.
Returns a penalty string for the given distance dictionary.
Canonicalize the input string.
Build ad group operations from adgroup operations.
Check if the profile should send own updates.
Create the viewer for the given dataset.
Use binscope to generate a sample.
Run ninja.
Get field for review request.
Parse a date string into a datetime. date object.
Convert JSON data into a list of plays.
List role policies.
Sends the inventory to the client.
Runs the test in the given case.
Convert a title to a URL.
Process an email message.
Makes a floppy file with kickstart and preseed files.
Recursively expands the given path.
Return the docstring for the specified docstring number.
Join a channel.
Build a 1D filter.
Return True if the verbosity of the verbosity argument is greater than or equal to num.
Count the number of occurrences of each word in a list of documents.
Generate breadcrumbs for the given page.
Return the current user s uid or None if the user is not set
Get the affected packages and their tests.
Test the strength of a password.
Run the network and write the results to the writer.
Create transport serializers.
Authenticate using either a token or a user name.
Get translation project dir.
Write a single line of fasta file.
Choose a random element from an array.
Python long. join for Python 2.
Squared mean of the squares.
Redirects the given URL to the given URL.
Mock event notification context manager.
Print result to stdout.
Connect to EC2 cloudwatch.
Find Storage Object Reference from vbd.
Encode a crawl response block.
Get the synonyms for a font extension.
LWTA filter.
Check if userland has isoinfo installed.
Load the user config file.
Match zero or nan.
Returns the base directory for storing data.
Returns a tuple of whether or not the module is virtual.
Shortcut for aborting the test.
Protect a filename.
Make directory if it doesn t exist.
Echo the methods of a class.
Get a connection to the database.
Fast exponentiation.
Write data to stdout.
Get the zonecode from the system
Show the details of a network
Wraps the given sql clause in sa. text.
Test sky2pix.
Validate and return a valid MAC address.
List all versions of a bucket.
Update all uuids in images members and properties.
Check if the given command is a command.
Get information about a function.
Parse the given Python code into a tree.
Return the relative path to the config file.
Compute the sum of the values in a list.
List all members of a specific LBN.
Return a list of table names.
Build a sort query from a list of sort parts
Exports the given request string as an HTML file.
Remove a file or directory.
Add threading arguments to a parser.
Check if a node exists.
Returns a list of all installed solvers.
section student admin
Downscale the given images by the given number of strides.
Ctrl + C handler.
Given a service and a resource return the corresponding object.
Return a list of all directories in sys. path.
Get pickled exception.
Try to get the version from the init file.
Get the number of bezier curve points.
Test that chart has no data with no values.
Returns a local url for the given port.
List the nodes on this cloud.
\ Renders the s3 tabs for the specified resource.
Ping external urls when an entry is saved.
Register hooks when the named module is imported.
pillars wrapper.
Return a remapped version of a XEN device string.
Add bootstrap class to the field widget.
Substitute placeholders in a string.
Delete a load balancer.
Create a database.
nova is.
Add an addon to a copy.
Print an exception with the specified indent and prefix.
Update the counter with the given name.
Process a multi - call message.
Start the tomcat server.
shoot errback if it fails
Assigns crowding distances to each individual.
Return a repr string for the given instance.
Check if the given url is from the given spider.
Extract args and kwargs from template tag.
Decorator for updating assignments and updates.
Set the current environment variable namespace.
Takes a slice string and returns a new slice
Execute a command with a proxy.
Aggregate two sequences.
Get the navigation line for a page.
Get a word dictionary for the given form and POS.
Parse mua id headers from message.
Iterate over all style files in a directory.
Perform an ARP operation on the slave.
Test event collection positions.
Recursively handle extra fields in the payload.
Validate locale.
Duplicate division of two polynomials.
Delete a file or directory.
Escape a string for use as a shell command.
Return whether or not this module is virtual.
Check if the given title contains a feat file.
Record memory usage.
Load a certificate request.
Show information about a virtual machine
Extract identity response information.
Test that a markov chain raises a value error.
Print a runner summary.
Convert a tuple of components into a URL.
Test authentication.
Count the number of non printable chars in a string.
Run a shell command.
Handle a websocket connection.
Make a context object.
Returns a list of values for the given cluster.
Build a dictionary of postprocessors.
Get cli body.
Returns the odds of the given probability.
Deletes a named query.
Convert post to verb.
Dispatch the request.
Get branch option.
Colorize a string.
Get a shortcut from the conf.
Convert a template to a python script.
Convert post to verb.
Returns True if the system is virtual otherwise False.
Sign data with pkey and return signature.
Parse command line options.
Constructs a request from the given operation number and data.
Two scale plot.
Test that the cut function can compile.
Get the net size of a mask.
Find number 7 and assert that it works.
List all the data centers on this VMware environment
Get a new profile repository.
Yields all subclasses of the given class.
Resets the video mode to nogammacorrect.
Wrapper for file parameters.
Returns the length of the given string counting characters with a tabwidth of tabwidth characters.
Return a list of ipv4 addresses that are not alived.
Get the size of the machine.
api set config function
Disable the site and reload the service.
Marks the decorated function as unsafe.
Outputs debug information.
Setup a platform.
Remove string keys from a dictionary.
Hook for pre - init hook for submodules.
Check if input string is a float.
Resolves a URL to a full URL.
Generate a password for the postgres database.
Pad a sequence to a maximum length n with default.
binom test reject interval
Resolve a subworkflow from a deployment dir.
Collects all attributes from a list of containers.
fix osmesa gl lib
Main entry point for the script.
Check if any of the dependencies of the model are not allowed.
Checks that the given value is a valid email address.
Copy glance metadata to a volume.
Parse union page.
Create a new paste.
Starts the console.
Returns a list of all course cohorts for the given course.
Get the connection details for a proxy.
Context manager that flocks the given lockfile.
Elemwise sub - zero optimizer.
Estimate a bootstrap distribution for a given value.
Remove file.
Build a date from a string.
Test service provider base manager.
Return the package database
Encode input with zlib.
assert commit serialization
Run a function on all minions and return the results.
Check if at is ambiguous.
Format block device mappings.
Patch sockets sockets sockets sockets sockets sockets sockets ssl httplib and
Enable VPN on the node.
Dedent a function.
Check if myself is allowed to perform this action.
Search disks by lun id.
Extract the ipv4 address from the ipv4 grain.
Compute mean longitude of perigee.
Resize a logical volume
Get the name of the link.
Multiply two integers using Galois s algorithm.
Responds with null source.
Run ckan after request.
Make the output directory if it does not exist.
Fixture for the config template.
Validate user password.
Check symptom usability of fernet key repository.
Download a file from a URL.
Count the number of times each token in the list is supplied.
Solve a triangular system using Trig s algorithm.
html test locale.
List interfaces for a server.
Download the log file.
Get github email.
Enable updates testing.
Check if a file exists and is accessible.
Check if the user is allowed to run the RVM
Splits a function f into two parts.
Untag a version string.
Format a number as a string.
Return a dict of all configuration values.
Permute an array.
test pprint nameless column
List of RDS regions.
Draw an artist bounding box.
Get crafted text from text.
Remove all modules from the database
Return True if source is newer than target.
Check root user.
Remove a known host from the system.
Check if the given string is a valid IPv4 address.
Get the column name for the given column.
Check if header value is valid.
About page.
Convert a string color to a triple of integers.
Memoize a file map for the primary node.
Return a list of payloads that can be run.
Return a list of items limited by a marker.
Return True if smpl is a real Matplotlib object.
Line feed.
Get the rrd data for a vm
Upload a project to the remote server.
Returns True if point is after the first point
analyze file given text.
Creates a new derivation object for the given element.
Return a list of ipv4 addresses not joined.
Add platform and version to sys. path.
Get all SM Volumes
Build an instance of the service manager class.
Quit a group.
get a pack by reference
List files and directories in a directory.
Unescape the given data.
Returns a dictionary with the number of bytes read and the number of packets read.
Check if current request has site theme.
Check for missing dependencies.
Paginate a queryset.
Run a process on the device and return the output.
Convert result to country region and city.
Send password reset notice.
Returns a list of complete filenames.
Font family validation.
Choose a user from a list of choices.
Set a persistent module on the minion
List all files in the current working directory.
Validate email address.
Check if a file exists in a given path.
Return data to a Cassa database.
Check if the given list of ints is a list of ints.
Checks if record1 and record2 is a pair.
Get the check class for a given check.
Get a class by name or alias.
return True if running in interactive mode
Teardown all databases in the config.
Get the current terminal size.
Create a new PKCS1 signature scheme.
Generate a generalized integer.
Email admins about progress.
Print a pretty formatted expression using pydoc. pager.
bidi template tag.
Get cropping geometry.
Check if fmdump is installed.
Get protocol from config.
Return the key for a tile.
Random uniform logarithm.
Read a secret file and return its contents.
Create a FeedbackMessage from the given message model.
Get lumination change value.
Print a pretty - printed version of obj.
make privileges list query
Rename a file or directory.
Get a logger by name.
Disconnect all live receivers for signal and sender.
Convert string to float.
Return a dictionary of search results.
Save an image to a file.
Start the scheduler.
Extract all messages from a file.
Check if headers contains a given header name.
Check convergence of a template.
Retrieve volume attachments for a project.
Return xls row col as string.
Load fixtures from a file.
Try to parse an encoding from a file.
Add a new logging level and name.
List modifications from trailer1 to trailer2.
Decode a HDFS path into unicode.
Attach private projects same owner to a queryset.
Return a list of links for the specified result type.
Prepare the realm pattern.
test uploader with resize and final size
A quad tween function that accelerates reaches the midpoint and then decelerates.
Add vals to the array at the specified index ind.
Check a list of paths.
Return True if the given name is a legal resource base name.
View for adding a task.
Guess the filter table to use based on mats from and to.
Produce SAX output for the given element or tree.
xpcom to machine dict
urllib. quote plus
Returns a list of drivers.
Strategy for saturation largest first algorithm.
Returns a boolean value that indicates whether or not the task is currently working.
Construct a filter for the given endpoint parts.
print locals and vars.
connects to a database and queries the database
Convert a rating property.
Wait for process to finish.
Return a hex string representation of an integer.
Process a function element.
Print the state of a dag.
Return the hardware address associated with the interface
Run a shell command and parse its output as JSON.
Post build hook.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the lock is held or unlocked.
Include Django template.
Unlock a file.
Get contact type of user.
Remove all data from a device
Restart the httpd server
Get Zookeeper client.
Return location with the published revision.
Register a generic local option.
Filter for external URLs.
Test brainvision data quality.
Test morphological operations on morphological data.
Read a file of doubles and return as numpy array.
Check if the home directory is safe.
Delete an image.
Write chained output to file.
Initialize a new tracker module.
Test rendering a chart with a quadratic curve.
Apply multiplication and reduce.
Create a user record.
Exponential weighted log - likelihood.
Tamper a payload.
Plot multiple images together.
Generate a genrepo instance.
Determine if the current view needs a hierarchical view or not
Toplogically reorder a list of entries.
Find eggs in a zip archive.
test iht fit sample knn
Create a shared array of the same shape as the input value.
make opts contains a value
View the entries.
File comments tag.
Signed real number.
Default math function.
Returns the number of branches and branches of a cluster.
Create a pyramid application for soap11.
Crypt data with key.
LLS class factory.
Start n engines on the specified node.
Register a verb.
Suspend power to disk.
Load credentials file.
Convert an IP address from binary form into text representation.
Deploy the application to the jboss instance.
Test the configuration of matplotlib.
Dehex encode a hex string
Load css templates.
Get initializable and non - editable comment fields.
Migrate resource table to HDFS.
Returns the revision number of the current working directory.
Return a list of all directories in the specified environment
Automatically flush logs to disk.
Get deployment id.
Set last sync revision to the latest unit revision.
Split an array into num - sized chunks.
Reverse lex 128.
Delete a file if it exists.
Parse a HTML file.
load pandas recarray
get home dir
Run the bare wsgi application.
Displays the current page.
Group significance rows.
Backup cpplint filters.
Capitalize the first letter of a string.
Run git bin command.
Parse a struct from a string.
Add a field.
Returns the matrix representation of the tetragrid.
monkey patch pyclbr modules with decorated functions
Set up the transports and notifier.
Run a check.
Clear all samples installed in the store.
Python 3000 doesn t have a comma in front of a comma so we have to
Get crafted text from a file.
Get vmodl type by name
Check if the lock file exists.
Fetch a stream from a URL.
Render an error page.
Returns a list of the xblocks that are accessible to the specified user for the specified course.
Run a test slow.
Overlapping sequence validation.
Create an option group from a dictionary.
Return permissions for the current page.
Return the minimum hash value of a directory.
Expand the dimensions of x along the given axis.
Delete calendar.
Return product information for a given item code.
Format a warning message.
A contextmanager that locks the specified directory.
Returns the pickle module.
Create a WordNet object from the given vocabulary and words.
Creates a popular snippet.
Symmetric tridiagonal system solver.
Returns a list of all serial ports supported by the system.
Post build hook.
Create a client.
Destroy a reserved reservation.
Initialize the stylesheet in the profile.
Read reject parameters from a file.
Unquote a string.
Yield patterns that match the given pattern.
Get the modification time of a file.
Read size bytes from fp and return them as a string.
make a list of lists each with the same number
Compute the first derivative of the function f over the variables v.
Get demographic data from S3.
Uploads a new version to the repository
Default error handler.
Return True if the given plugin name is enabled.
Read a string from the file - like object f.
Remove all volumes on the specified paths.
Validate a value against a JSON schema.
Require the specified thing to be installed.
Add a task to a queue.
Load a certificate trust root from a directory.
get layer by name
Decode the first none value.
S3 REST API solution.
Deserialize Python objects from a stream or string.
Process an element node.
Determine the device class.
Create a theano function that takes a string input and returns a string output.
Run behave test.
Temporarily patch the search fields of a model.
Simplifies a parser.
Load a JSON configuration file.
Get netgear device scanner.
Create a file if it doesn t exist.
Return a dict of all keys and values.
Compile protruding glyphs from source font to target font.
Write a temporary adminfile.
Format final exception line.
Initialize a new enforcer.
Perform a stochastic approximation of a stochastic model.
Returns lsb release information for attribute.
Get recently published exploration summary.
Get a new flow repository.
Create a new index from a protobuf.
Generate a list of slots for a period.
Load a single model.
Check if the specified environment variable matches the specified value for the specified user
Return libvlc media list player play.
Set the version of the rendered template.
Return True if the given name is not available in the database.
Computes the tricomplex matrix for the given transform words.
Return the column width of a unicode string.
Returns True if the file at the given path looks like a tool.
Import neutron modules recursively.
test time format
Find extraneous whitespace in a line.
Delete a sample from memcache.
Delete all but pages from a PDF file.
Resizes the given image.
Get the path of a hatch pattern.
Return a list of blockers for the given user.
Update the symlinks for the certificate.
Test if epochs in epochs are contained in data.
Return available oficial plugins.
Returns the next url from the request.
Get blob metadata.
Get a list of change ids for a user in a site.
Return True if minc is set False otherwise.
Split a flag string into a list.
vote by user
Convert a number to text.
get xdg home dir 1
Logarithm difference of exponentials.
Require the given context to exist.
Directive for gi2 repository tests.
Create a REST API.
Log out of the current session.
Underline a list of regions.
Convert to lower case and make input string lowercase.
Recursively copies a source directory to a destination directory.
Return virtual grains
Report spam on a twitter account
Run a pip command and assert that it is installed.
Remove a manifestation from the state.
Depth - first search of a JS scope tree.
Parse environment string.
Patch the response headers.
Set neighbor out filter.
Returns the least common multiple of two numbers.
Try to coerce values to a scalar type if possible.
Check if the given point is in the loop.
Return a pillar object based on the options passed in.
Get an inventory view of incoming transactions
Set the version db for the content types.
Add a new server
Escape a URL string so that it can be used in a URL.
Lock a document.
Post an entry to a database.
test running all apps but lettuce avoid apps
Creates a tf. sequence example from two images.
Test for regression.
Restrict the forward pass to the vertices of the given StC.
File upload filename case
Return the normals of each edge in v.
Return the spline of a Gaussian distribution with n points x.
Generate triples from a csr_matrix.
Recursively find skips in all files under the given start directory.
Check if a function is decorated with a property.
Returns True if any row in x is null.
Yield all distros reachable from the given URL.
Creates a voucher object and adds it to the offers queryset.
Returns a cluster in a datacenter
Find a guest by name.
Set location.
Get all instance types in the database.
Remove all sessions older than max date.
Move a file or directory.
Returns the tricomplexrotate of a transform word.
Convert text into an opcode.
Disconnect signals from entry.
Given a list of spot requests and a list of spot instance requests wait for the fulfillment to
Return the hash of the given file.
Prints usage information.
Downloads an emoji from a repository
Get nmap device scanner.
Show all the forms in the current browser.
Wraps an attribute accessing a location object.
Saves the given attachment to the given filepath.
mark unsafe.
Check if user has permission to download changes
Indent each line of text by spaces.
Recurse up the tree of pyqt objects and add them to the lines.
Extract capabilities from text.
Check if the host has the given pair.
Checks if an IP address is a public one.
Read a plist file.
Log a page hit.
Main entry point for the script.
Setup the platform.
Get document and fallback reason.
Run a process and assert its output.
Uninstall a module.
Return the bidirectional shortest path from source to target.
Upgrade projects volume type
Exponential Cumulative Distribution function.
List topics.
Dynamically import an object.
Fix the sys. path to include some extra paths.
Add the given flags to the given new flags.
Create a node.
Create a new cache security group.
Split test name.
Returns the full url for the current request.
Plot traces of the boot traces.
Return the current time in seconds since the epoch.
Make a POST request.
Sorting a list by square root.
Wait for all the tasks in the queue to finish and then wait for them to finish.
Rehash a file.
Runs the script and asserts that the output of the script was pretty - formatted.
Format a list of extras into a message and a verb.
Release a media player.
Combine multiple details into a single dict.
Convert obj to a column object.
Flush the state to the database.
Get the size of the current terminal window.
Epoch time offset from win32 filetime.
Render a datetime object as a string.
Detach MESS packet.
Load an image from a. qt file.
Split text into a list of strings.
Return a list of scripts that are not system specific.
Check if the given name is visible.
Return a list of all documents for a product topic.
Get proxy info from environment variables.
set file utime
Return the path to the xtool.
Check if a dataset exists.
Run the test suite with the docstring.
Decode a unicode string using the py2 codec.
Check if the given condition matches the given check object.
Return a populated hospital object.
Post - order the nodes in a tree.
Reset user password.
Create Odnoklassniki OAuth signature.
Dispatch to the appropriate pre - processing function.
Test lexing a string.
Process tools argument.
Return a list of IP addresses for the specified host.
Get weather data for a specific location.
Get metadata from filename by regex.
Discretizes a 2D model into discrete values.
Parse flags.
artist by id.
Ping the server
Get a link line from the wikicode string
Subtract a term from a polynomial.
Consume messages from kafka
Test the bernoulli vector reparametrization.
Context manager for logging pending warnings.
Grab a connection from the pool.
test ctor keyword args newslot
Return a list of all available names
Wait until an object has the desired attribute.
Format an IPv4 address as a safe string.
Returns True if x is hashable False otherwise.
Parse sudoku assignment grid.
Check if all sources are compiled and raise an error if so.
Compatibility wrapper for wait for vb get network addresses
Create a context identity.
Refine the transpose of expr.
Associate profile to role.
Connect to AWS EC2.
Process element node.
Filter out words that end with any of the tags in tag.
Generate a signed JWT.
Get VMDK size and properties.
Get a field from a model.
Prompt the user for password.
Returns the ith varint value.
Register a function to be called when an email is received.
Test that set source model works.
Load credentials from a file.
Add volume type and project to database.
Copy the columns of an array into the IDD table.
Compute the maximum norm of a.
Install xonsh import hook.
Duplicate ground.
Copy file contents from src to dst.
View for editing a perspective.
Substitute strings in s with strings in context.
PyPI XML transformation test.
Daemonize the current process.
Format the output of the firewall command.
Calculate the cumulant from moments.
Returns the indices for a three way split.
Normalizes the given path.
Divide two monomials.
Create a bulk archive of selected submissions.
Permanently delete an image.
Extract images from a gzipped image file.
Swap assignment.
Update changed pip requirements.
Cycle through a number of arguments.
Main entry point for the script.
Delete a sink.
Extracts the parent and child node from an xpath expression.
Read a record from a file.
Verify that candidate implements iface.
Return the version of the installed package.
Return the run as effective user with the given name.
Log an error for an instance.
Get information about a policy.
Test if a string ends in a newline.
Construct author2doc dict from corpus and doc2author.
Return the viewing matrix of the current GL state.
Read end archive64 data.
Nudge dataset.
Generate a arc.
Call rar with the given parameters.
Basic auth.
Convert a skiprows object to a list of skiprows.
Returns True if all the number groups in the candidate string are exactly present in the formatted number groups
Return absolute path to plugins directory.
Returns a list of tuples of region id and name sorted by name
Get subset of set from bitstring.
Parse a query string.
Create a sa record for a resource type.
Validate max staleness.
Run a shell command and return the status code and output.
Create string table.
Import the specified zone and path.
test tag method
Return a list of keys for the specified key.
Generate a font - configuration pattern from a dictionary.
List all functional areas.
Add hits to the query result.
Create div with label widget and comment.
Returns a set of line numbers of multiline string tokens.
Quick and dirty version of the Friedman test.
Test the pmf hist normalization.
Convert a raw string to a kwargs dictionary.
Add fields to document.
Standardizes a name by replacing str with str.
Coerce array to sparse series.
Return the contents of the log buffer as a string.
Render inline template context.
Read the cinder configuration file.
Iterates over the elements of the getter function and calls the action function with each element.
Validate platform configuration.
Return a plugin function.
Return a dict with the current state of the minion and the name of the minion
Parse command line arguments.
Convert string to camelcase.
Calls the given function with the given args and kwargs.
Validate a DMP.
Swap num bits in string s.
Initialize the manager.
Return package relationships as a list of dictionaries.
Get the fixed IP address for the given host.
Add a stream handler to the specified logger.
Return the URL for the given entry.
timezone Timezone aware datetime object.
Parse a pattern.
Dispatch a single hook.
Solarize an image.
Test len index dipoles.
Convert xmltree to dict.
Return xlrange formula for range.
Yield tasks from files.
Read a layout file and assert its contents.
write theme. xml file
Set a configuration key to a given value.
Change the uid of a user
Yields all whitespace around the operator at the start of the line.
Print name details.
Enables the named source for the future.
Returns the mean of the elements in the list.
Update settings.
Send an email after purchase for a ticket.
Serialize obj to JSON formatted str.
Get user info from Authorization header.
Send email after import.
Setup platform.
Return ansi colormap for the given style.
Format a slice.
Expand an IPv6 address to a packed IPv6 address.
Get stats for the year range.
Fixture that sets the current app as the current app.
Callback function for lexer. match. language. match
Create a TChannelpy SSL context.
Try to find the most recently replied tweets.
Get the topmost directory of the specified file. Exits the program on error.
Add a CORS policy to a bucket.
Convert a number to money in words
Celery task to raise a runtime error.
Send a dictionary of translations to frappe
Delete API.
Return the milleseconds since the epoch as a float.
Return a debug representation of an object.
Get content from url.
Runs pylint on a file.
Map a constant to an item in a polynomial.
Get a credential by id.
Check if b1 encompasses broadcastable b2.
Check if there is a reboot pending.
Unescape special characters in text.
Register a new atexit function.
Canonicalize elemwise operands.
Generate a new random id.
Fingerprint the data.
Perform a HEAD request for a given path.
Recursively walks a directory.
Returns the default locale for the given object.
Guard the current quota size
Unset quota for a volume
Get repository dependencies for a given metadata id.
Get the host from the request.
Create a new figure manager for the given figure.
Get information about a given collection.
Convert a log file to a dictionary.
Check if the file has any of the given words.
Replace old with new assump pred.
Start a debugger and register it in the RPC handler.
Find platform and atomic group for a given host.
Get the properties of a managed object
Search for clients.
Figure out how to analyze the text.
Get campaign response
Returns true if text has a substring with the given key.
Return the history of codetbl.
Add a suffix to the end of a name.
Redirect to the next URL in the request.
Parse the version from the command line.
Computes the number of triangles in the creation sequence.
Prints a traceback of the last Django error.
Escape a string so that it can be used as a URI reference.
Check if a model meets the given filters.
Return a humanized string representation of a number of seconds.
Return a list of SQL data sources.
Compute the fast version of the model fastfn.
Adjust an angle so that it is a multiple of num.
Returns the header for the given resource.
Create a dict with the required keys.
Generate a random API key.
Least squares sum of x.
Redirect to the canonical url of a file.
Make a random binary dbm detector layer.
Get shell embedding function.
Return the end of the next character after pos.
Return a dictionary of name - value pairs.
Called when an application encounters an error.
Manage configuration options.
Locate a Flask application.
Returns a list of tuples with the permission code and the verbose name.
Get the origin IP address.
Check the lengths of the basis set.
Process the queue for a device and its value.
Set the value of a named variable
Reset the builtins dir to default.
Prints a string to stdout and then prints it.
Wraps an info tuple into a tuple with the traceback and the id of the traceback.
Calculate the checksum of a value.
Jinja2 wrapper around aot. jelly.
Returns the current course creator status for the specified user.
Returns recently viewed products for the current request.
Print information about a virtual machine
Encode a lz4 frame payload.
Prompt user for raw input from standard input.
Create a dependency grammar and print it.
Delete extra specs for a given volume type.
Guess the number of streams given a size.
Firebase API GET
Delete a document from the index
Add lines to front over width.
Decrypt ciphertext with key using urlsafe cipher.
Return True iff p is a polynomial of degree f.
Recursively copy a directory.
Test multi - event drop epochs.
Escape the given value for use in a URL.
Create a mapping from an event source to a lambda function.
Benchmark functions.
Encode multipart form data.
Returns True if the current user is an admin.
Show the details of a load balancer
S3 REST controller for supply item category
Spell the given text.
Check if entrance exams are enabled in settings.
Validate station.
Find the minimum point in a path.
Base64 decode and pickle. loads.
Publish a file using programmatically.
Blade proto library configuration
Check if any services are running.
Install pecl packages.
Test shell environment.
Get element node object.
Show content types.
Close all connections to a database.
Remove extraneous whitespace from statement text
Get information about a NVMML device.
Try to find a git repository on the system.
Parse a D - SymUtil - formatted string.
Calculate the expected bar value.
Make a header from a sequence of bytes.
Get the routing table for a given IP version.
Add a new vhost
Get a refactoring tool.
Returns a list of format modules for the current language.
Parse compiler output.
Absolute path to the executable of the running mrjob package.
When a message is received log it and expect it.
Return a list of all upstart services.
Returns a list of github releases for the given project sorted newest to oldest.
Returns the zero vector of length nt.
Run upgrades in the given store.
Run a prowl test.
Submit events to a portfolio.
Modified from twisted. internet. task. task. task_helper. needs_g77
Substitute formatters into a value.
Check if the given item is a sequence.
Place queens on board.
Explicitly clear the watcher for a connection.
Get link local unicorn addresses.
Compare two strings for security.
Resolve a name relative to a package.
Clear django cache.
Check if the element contains a rel attribute.
Destroy the local database.
Assert that the given function raises an exception of the given class.
Update the metadata for a snapshot.
get hypersearch winning model id
Set the layer to include the given rule.
Create a GCode path.
Returns the media URL for the specified path.
Kill process tree rooted at pid with signal signum.
Register a notification with growl.
Return all subordinate groups for the given user and site.
Parse a list of linters.
Get the bind address.
Return the brightness state of a brightness struct.
Cumulative sum.
Generate a random graph.
Set the default Flask application instance.
Returns the first element of a sequence.
Remove quotes at the end of a string
Return type of address.
I18N clean.
Returns a new function that is the same as the given function but with the globals replaced with
Process an SVG element.
Sets the course enrollment mode when a new instance is saved.
Return name and version as a string.
Find the best blas function for the given names.
Trivial implementation of the GF difference function.
Test if value is divisible by num.
Convert an irc color regex match to a color string.
Render a template with the given context.
Project time day.
Checks if the given IP address is in the given subnet
cartesian product of two lists
Reindex all reviews.
Return the xfs inventory
List the tasks of a course.
mage hsv tuple to rgb tuple
test ccall of ccall
Determine the correct script runner for the given bbdir.
Compute the kurtosis of an iterable.
Test the linkage LSTM algorithm
Return a string representation of a bytestring.
Return a list of ranges for the given header value and content length.
Return True if orig is a subset of new.
Test condensed nearest neighbour estimator.
Test the higher order autoencoder implementation.
Return a string representation of the given position in the file.
Parse execute message.
Read images from a directory and return them as numpy arrays.
Register the driver.
Read pillar data from a url
Match the given string with the given pattern.
Resolve a relative url to a full URL.
Display a single map
Clusters the input vectors using the specified method.
Create an empty file with the given name in the working directory.
Return a matrix that is backward eye - pointing.
Return the selinux enforce file
Classify the given model data.
Move accounts from social provider to remote organization.
Returns a tuple of static strings
Update flash parameters in image.
Returns a resource object for the given path
Convert a file or file - like object to a standard out.
Safely rename src to dst.
Check if given header is in hop by hop headers.
Decode the error string from the arguments.
Render a template and return a response.
Import an image from imgadm
Create a shared variable of cuda ndarray.
Test desaturation of a string.
Create a session for the given reply channel.
Instantiate a proxy tuple.
Build the Sphinx docs for the current branch
Synthesize a nonce given a string s and key.
Create a patch viewer that connects the given images.
Find an object and put it away.
Remove a service
Create an inventory object.
Get a list of networks in a project.
Convert x into a sparse variable.
Compute the graph stats for the given episode lengths rewards and timestamps.
Find the center of g in the ellipsoid.
Unconvert string array.
Check if the language is trusted.
return the common dtype for all cols
Run migrations online.
log all registered hooks
Activates translation for the given language.
Handle forgot password form.
Return the assignment type for a cohort.
Main entry point for the git command.
Plot a CDF curve.
Test that rename channels works.
Expand a list of arguments by reading lines from a file.
Get support angle from overhang support element.
Check if the given netmask matches the given prefixlen.
Get the name of a git repository.
Convert the given value to JSON.
Parse ACL v2 data.
educate ellipses in a string
List of all regions.
Set SQL connection and sqlite db defaults.
Provide unittest. skip if abstfn contains backslash.
Remove one or more fields from the expression.
jet colormap
Unpickle string i and return it as a tuple.
Runs the specified function on all minions and returns the results as a dictionary.
Recursively fix unicode strings in a dictionary.
optimizer optimizer for GPUs.
Normalize server settings.
Convert a list of revoked keys to a list of dicts.
Split a tree into a leaf and a expr.
Returns a dictionary of all the user s basic values.
View for a single mailing list.
Search the elastic index for a string.
Shortcut for json with camelcased keys.
Gitlab hook.
Check if a sheet is writable.
Calculate next legen der.
Return a list of sysv services
Install virtualenvs.
Get the version of the installed package.
convert nzseel representation to rheader
Return the version of the installed package.
Called when a worker is asked to use a property.
Update bare metal node.
Process an element node.
Create a compiled regular expression object from a mask.
Render a cheetah template
Find the closest arp node.
Return the nearest integer to num.
Return True if the minion is virtual.
Replace all gml symbols in a string s.
Get auth password from environment or environment variables.
Return event HTTP response.
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
Get filenames and classes for photo and photo files.
Show the amount of uptime since the last time it was loaded.
Release libvlc instance.
Get attribute value.
Convert domain to filename.
Test that si is equal to num.
Return an absolute version of the given path.
Transform a numpy array to a list.
Write text to file.
Runs the server in a gunicorn server.
Runs the status check for the user.
Returns all discrete attributes in the domain.
Decorator for importing a compute api class.
Wrap result in appropriate numpy dtype.
Validate image format.
Return the maximum file descriptor limit.
Split training and test sets into two sets.
Convert a TarInfo object to a tuple.
S3 supplier function.
Set priority to lowest.
Find a host in the inventory
Write chain text with noun to file.
set stock basics
Reset the audio stream.
Return a new instance of cls initialized from obj.
Return a list of upgrades.
Initialize the pyo server.
Get a DOM node for the given file.
Create a waterbutler url for the given parameters.
My user info.
Encrypt a password if encrypted is True.
ubs the t. value to float.
Add pillars by loops.
Get the Java class documentation for the specified file.
Return the remainder of a mod b.
Context manager for no log driver.
Update a model instance.
Sample from the standard normal distribution.
Returns the extent of the phrase at the given head index.
Check if a module is a package.
build m3u filename
Cleanup after deduplication.
Get the configuration of the remote host.
Validate circular reference.
Return a random n - bit integer.
Create a routes. Mapper from a dict of route declarations.
Load a pickled object from disk.
Decomposition of minor matrix.
Test the structure of the ELF file.
URL quote.
Default handler for successful OpenID authentication.
Scan for photos.
Sort a dictionary by key.
Authenticate LTI user
Is a prime number probable prime?
Delete the specified chain from the specified table.
Parse an ignorable statement.
Escapes abbreviations.
Rebuilds the typelib cache.
Load all fixtures.
Attempt to find a finder for the given path.
Encode input to output.
Expand brackets in a string.
Includes a template tag for a given string.
Select bracket icons.
Autocomplete verbose output.
Configure the platform.
Attach EPIC statuses to a queryset.
Finds all feature files within a directory.
Get calendar by public id
Delete a blob from the blobstore.
Get all networks for a given instance.
test get new command
Return set of types that match pat.
Prompt user for password.
Load a dataset from the local file.
Set the S3 file extension for the given URL.
Get etcd connection
Convert a transform from one frame to another
Check compatibility of pymongo and mongod.
Write a static group mapping to a file.
pytest. mark. windows parametrization
Make a price taxed item.
Returns the canon basis of the given proposition.
Return a list of tokens for the current time.
Create a user list.
Attach user story information to a queryset.
Return a list of installed plugins for the given extension.
Run a command and return its output.
Returns the translation of the given element node by removing the given prefix from the tetragrid.
Returns the digest of the file at the given path.
Register the driver with the capabilities.
Remove a media item from a list.
Set the action for a form.
Convert sr to int float bool or bool.
Set the viridis colormap.
Creates a descriptor for a primary key field.
Get the changes that need to be made to the instance.
Delete a policy.
Sample from nearest neighbors using neighborhood cleaning rule.
Customise s3 org resource fields.
Reads a fragment file and returns a list of fragments
Format a size.
Send a list of mails.
List samples owned by a user.
Convert bytes to unicode.
Create a fireplace route.
Encode a string using the morse convention.
Clear out all data from the salt master
Run the horcmgr command.
Runs pip and asserts that the output of pip is a list of files not found.
Download transcripts from youtube.
Start the notification server thread.
Close an iframe.
Open explorer path.
Returns a dependency graph for the given list of packages.
Run the tool and assert its output.
List databases.
Rename all files in a folder except those with the same extension but different extensions.
Parse a query string.
Get the set of merged PRs between start and end ref.
Compare partial dicts.
Get value for pack from the index.
Filter the queryset to only include products owned by the specified user.
Sanitise base32 data.
Load the replay file if it doesn t exist.
Test tight layout.
parse type of attribute
Parse a roman numeral from a string.
Create a PyYAML proxy for the given node.
Register a handler for logging.
Set the disk timeout in minutes for the specified power scheme
Returns True if cmd is an executable and False otherwise.
Return the log - dirichlet norm of the concentration.
Get a file object from a URL or a buffer.
Generate a property from a jinja2 template.
Revoke certificate.
Unquote a JSON document.
Fibonacci algorithm.
Free add point on path if it is free.
Convert etree element to queue object
Remove article from text.
Demonstration of tree visualisation.
Get epochs.
Assert user is admin or not.
Create a CSS gradient.
Verify virtualenv.
Return s indented with str.
Remove a persistent module from the minion
Return the standard deviation of a given prop.
Context manager to temporarily change working directories.
Load a YAML file.
Return repository writer.
Returns the filename of the photo of f.
Rollback a failed upgrade.
Add traits to a base object.
Default failure handler.
Generate a genesis fixture.
test lex expression float
Recursively deciphers the given object.
Represent a dictionary as a string.
Check if a point is inside a polygon.
Get the type of a function name.
Return a non - string version of s.
Shutdown the server.
Returns a function that looks up the given attributes on the given object.
Get the pid of the parent process.
Log files.
Convert text to qcolor.
Wrapper for utils. data. download file
Return sibling lines of a file.
Main entry point for celery.
Get a list of rooms the client is in.
Create the ports tree
Add tracks to the tracklist.
Create an entity for the given query.
Add an addon to the context.
Suppress test code for import translation.
Discretize a bilinear 2D model into discrete 2D values.
Validate that the value is in the current timezone.
Encode a list of LDAP control tuples.
Get the user name and uid.
return XML string.
Load an experiment from a directory.
Returns a string representation of the given number of hours.
Show information about a server.
Set the logger for the class.
Dedent the docstring of a function.
Returns a list of the elements in seq1 that are not in seq2.
t = number of bytes
Try to jump to a particular location for a course.
Get number of shared memory.
Start the engines specified in the opts.
Exponential moving average.
Creates or gets identifiers for a node.
Load shape texture.
Sample a dict and return a list of tuples.
Get the base path for the current version.
Return a list of all meta - fields.
Runs the python magics in a temporary directory and tests that the file is unicode.
Calls the function and logs any errors.
Show user s log.
Open a log file.
Returns a string representing the current git changeset.
Group DataFrame by symbol and check for intersections.
Delete a key from redis
Run a test on a hdf5 design matrix.
Run a script and verify that it returns a string.
Runs the proxy test server.
Pretty print a list.
Add a host key to the specified module.
Check to see if certificate exists on AWS server.
get disk type for vm
Assert that index is a product of all levels.
Get a joystick from the user.
Returns a tuple containing the length of the text in the specified filesystem and the length of the text
Expand a set of polynomials into a polynomial expansion.
Check if a database exists.
Returns a function that returns the state path.
Exit the program with the specified exit code.
Get the polar motion at a given time.
Test link optimizations on to hdf5 files.
Remove all subscriptions and events from the context.
Check if there are too many failed tests for a particular release
Convert value to timezone - naive.
Convert a URL to a pathname.
Convert datetime to microseconds
Find the names of all loaded constants and code in a code object.