Fill the kernel with zeros and verify the shape of the kernel.
Build a tree structure from a queryset.
Unserialize packer dictionary.
Return True if path is a match for the step s stderr file. Otherwise return False.
Return a random integer between 0 and n in [ 0 num_ ).
Return True if x is a sparse variable.
Configures the size of the pipe buffer. This is done by reading the file descriptor from the
Test for vi block editing.
Scale the time_seconds_arr by the given unit. If unit is str it will
Test the preprocess function. This is done by preparing the environment variables to be consistent with
Use one or more plugins in the context of a context manager.
Create a directory with a name with slashes or backslashes.
Return the virtual version of the python module.
Decorator for functions that are expected to return a string. If the function is not a string
testremotetopo is a test function to test the topo of a remote node
Get the user s profile or create a new one if it doesn t exist.
Configure the frontend and ui hostnames in the given config object.
Generate a hashed version of source_filename with prepared_options and thumbnail_extension.
The main entry point for Sentry.
Validate the requirements and return a list of invalid requirements.
Fetch a single value from a cursor. Return None if no value was found.
Given a module path return the module name and the type of the file to be imported.
Get a response from a socket.
Filter out OAuth parameters from a dictionary or list of dictionaries.
Returns a list of locations for the logged - in user or None if the user is not
Remove trailing empty lines from a list of lines.
Create a comment effect.
Given a model and a field name return a list of all the fields in the model.
Return True if text is a valid string.
Test the index of str_ in the index table. This is done by checking that str
Command line interface for clean_ecg_eog and clean_ecg_e
Write a repr of an instance of a Python object.
Generate a word_usage hook for a given text.
Create a subscription for a given topic and subscription name.
Returns a statement that is the inverse of the given clause. If the given clause is a
Get information about a virtual interface.
Returns a dictionary with the details of the version of the lambda function.
Calculate the size of a header table.
Fix the indentation of the given code to the given number of new_indents.
Parse an iterable of strings into a list of column_units.
Replace the line numbers in a string with the actual number of lines in the string.
Get the ethereum link for the given interface number.
Resolve the default color for the current context. If no color is given the current context s
Create a list of project objects from a list of target dictionaries.
Return a list of all the modules in the s3 database. This is a list of
Remove all cached files from fsb and list_cachedir. Returns a list of errors
Return a response with the headers of the given string as a JSON object.
Return a list of all the variables in the database.
Install a single Hue app in the registry. If the app is already in the registry
Load a PEM - encoded value from a string.
Create a temporary directory with the given suffix prefix and parent.
Register a class to be instrumented.
Make a list unique.
Get a list of all the authors that the user is a staff.
Convert a Filetime object to a timestamp in seconds since 1601 nanoseconds.
Find a command in a list of paths. If no paths are given the current path is
Construct a new object from a compound object t. If t is a variable t. arg
Returns True if the package control is installed in the settings. py file.
Returns the date and notes from a string. If the string is not a date or notes
Get a list of all snapshots for a given project.
Executes the push action on the given object. The object must be an instance of the class
Set a key to a given value. If the key already exists it will be overwritten.
Setup the platform for the DTE energy bridges sensor.
Export a library from a modulestore to an XML file.
Return a versioneerconfig object.
Test for missing argument in pip output.
Concatenate a list of lists into a single list of lists. The first list will be
Send a file to the filetoserver. Returns True if successful False if not.
Return the mysql error message from the context.
Close the connection to the server. This is a no - op if the connection is not
Returns the index of the point in the path with the shortest length of the path.
Returns true if the graph g1_node and g2_node are semantic feas
Encode the certificate and write it to disk. Return bool_ if the certificate was signed.
Set the environment to use.
Return a list of all volume glance metadata.
Return the roots of a polynomial f in a cyclotomic order.
Test for load_mappings_warnings.
Returns a generator that yields n permutations of the input iterable. If n is less than n
Unpacts the creation_sequence by removing the first element of the creation_sequence
Return a flat string representation of the event.
Renders a block of HTML.
Get the http data from the stack trace.
Calculate the offset of the current time in the timezone specified by timezone_name.
Print an error message to stderr.
Sort an array of numbers and count the number of occurrences of each number in the array.
Reset the database to its initial state. This is done by removing the database file from the
Remove all HTML tags from the given HTML string and return it as a string.
Execute a task with the given task_info and return the result as a string.
Set the filesystem home path in the environment if it is set. If it is not set
Return True if s is an expression. If s is not a string return False.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the service is healthy. If the service is faulty
Return a list of all the nodes in the cluster.
Get the name of the package from the recipe metadata.
Convert a value to a string. If the value is a buffer or memoryview it will
Return an instance of the ORM class for the given arguments.
Get the quorum of the cluster in the ceph cluster manager.
Convert a JSON timestamp to a Python datetime object.
Plot a random image and a patch on a matplotlib Axes object.
Check if a command exists in the given path.
Get a category by id.
Retry Facebook invites for a given list of users.
Get a message from a given exploration id thread id and message id.
Dump mrjob configuration to a file - like object.
Update an existing account.
Make sure that source_collection and destination_collection are in the same Keen schema
Return the virtual name of this module.
Estimate the covariance of a tied model.
Return the precision of the element node.
Show the diff of the current branch to the tracked branch. If the current branch is not
Check if a user has a specific role.
Get the source code of an object. If the object is a class the source code is
Return a tuple of the virtual machine name and a boolean indicating whether the virtual machine is running
Test iter_evoked.
Issue 2401 in a pootle to use the afrikaans tutorial.
Authenticates the user with the given flow and returns a httplib2. http object
Return True if the string s is an absolute path.
Get the tab registry for the given tab_id win_id and tab_id.
Test output lines success - colorful.
Write all the files in the journal to the given path with the given format.
Test issue 119 prefix reordering.
Compute the k - th k - th word for a given query in the given table.
Crawls a list of links and returns a generator that yields the results.
Split a domain into multiple domains based on the given split label. The returned domains are sorted
Return a list of sysv_services that are disabled on the system.
Get an importer for a given path name.
Returns the kernel_grain and the kernel_grain_name if the powerpath
Create a rebulk instance for film regex rules.
Rastrigin skew for a list of numbers.
Get a new tower repository.
Enforces the given action for the given context. If the action does not exist it
Return True if the CRC of the data matches the CRC of the check.
Build a simple tree.
Convert an instance id to an EC2 ID.
Edit an existing service. If the user is logged in it will be redirected to the service
Coalesce the given options with the given types. If the key is not in the types
Command line interface for the command line interface. This is the main entry point for the CLI
Test that the scenario tables are solved against the outlines of the outlined scenario.
Convert a namespace string to a regular expression.
Get the credentials from the config file.
Create a new figure manager with the given number of figures.
Check that the input is a numpy array and that its shape is the same as the input
Add all input parameters to the incoming dictionary with the given name_prefix appended to each input
Test that read_basic and read_no_header have the same names as str_
Take the first n elements of an iterable and return them as a list.
Replace a register in the flow_params dictionary with a new value.
Read an RLE bit - packed hybrid format from a file - like object.
Determine if the home page is products. If so set the doc. home_page.
Run a lazy process and wait for it to finish. If it doesn t exit it will
Emit the line unformatted tokens in the given state.
Get the request body to be sent to the API.
KNN - Classify the k nearest labels from the new_point to the labeled_
Set up the BEM.
Returns a hashed version of the given password using the given salt and hasher. If the password
Resolve a path to a page context. If the path points to a template or doctype then
Write a sequence of images to a file with a delta of the original image.
Write the hyperlinks of all cells in a worksheet to a document.
Get the casava version of a FASTQ file or list of FASTQ files.
Returns a list of module imports for the given module name. If the module does not exist
Convert hex color to xy color.
Check that a domain is well - formed and that it is not too long and that it
Return a function that can be used to apply a model operator to the left and right operands
Load the loadexperiment descriptionscript from the given experiment directory.
Count the number of words in a string.
Retry on instance update conflict.
Compare two epochs infos and raise an error if they are not the same.
Set the connection info for a given URL in the registry. If the URL does not exist
This is the main entry point for the vision api. It is the main entry point
Parse a range header string into a tuple of start and end values.
Scrubs a sharenew operation from the current viewpoint. This is called when the
Build all the libraries that need to be built.
BingImage hook.
Perform a manual search on an artist or a list of artists and return a list of
Get the label string from a dictionary of strings.
Get the fallback document for the given document_slug and document_locale.
Remove a file or directory from the filesystem by calling the function with the file and directory as
Get a collection of layer variables by name.
Repeats a tensor n times and returns the result as a new tensor.
Convert a datetime object to milliseconds.
Get a mock request.
Read count bitpacked bytes from a file - like object and return them as a list
Test identify table fail.
Given a list of POIs and a list of filters and a dictionary of markers create markers
Returns True if the configuration has been initialized. Otherwise returns False.
Test for gcrs and altaz moonish.
Replace special characters in a path so that it can be used as a path to a file
Test for setting foo = num and bar = bool and require key exists false primitive values.
Detaches a list of devices from a virtual machine.
Test that the pricing module is active.
Authenticates users using basic auth. If debug is set to True the response will be
Generate a random UUID.
Yields words and tags from a corpus file. If with_logprob is set to
Create a new Fred user with the given default groups.
Create a temporary file with the given address family. If family is str it will create a
Get the disk usage of a given device.
Test extraction of a zip file without a verbose output. This is useful when you want to
Remove all flows from all open flows.
Get the geometryoutputbynegativespositives of the given element node.
Make a test filename from a file name and a purpose.
Colorize a string according to a given color.
Direct to a template and return a response.
Get the rotation angle from a string or None.
Finishes a task by removing all dependencies that are not in the results list and releasing
Return the extension of a filename.
Helper function to fix the artifact by interpolating it with the given window.
Prompt the user for input. If the Python version is greater than 2 input is returned.
Test that batchnormalized_mlp_learn_shift_propagated_at_
Write a string of text to a file. If filename is not specified the string will be
Encode a Python object into a JSON string. If indent is set to none the string will
Create a new environment with the given options.
Returns the craftsequence as a list of strings.
Get the filename and line of the raised exception.
Returns True if the current platform is little endian.
Update httplib. _maxline based on the number of dirtatches.
Renders a list of documents from a list of documents in a list of documents.
Returns a list of notifications for the given config and number of notification_count modules.
Return a list of all resource pools for a given service instance.
Get a poetry client for the given host and port.
Fake loads. json decode error.
A view that redirects to a double - redirected page. This is useful when you want to
Returns a list of keywords from the given lexer object. If the lexer object does not have
Generate a unique message id.
Return a response with a test_was_secure attribute set to True if the request is
Send a community email to the user s email queue.
Checks if a course is blocked by the given registration codes. If the registration code is a
Find an element by CSS selector.
Update a certificate in the queue. If the request method is PUT the certificate will be updated
Create an xml. etree. Element with the given tag attributes and sub_elements.
Process an XML element into a Cylinder object.
Ensure that the named resource is absent. If the resource does not exist it will be created
Test that data is a list of dictionaries in JSON format.
Submits a unit_plural to the unit_plural s target. This is done by
Evaluate the given source as a string and return the result as a Python object.
Generate a minkowskihull convex hull from two sets of points a and b
Try to parse an XML string into an ET object. If it fails return the exception.
Compute the list of allowed methods for the given resource.
Polls for events on the given file descriptor. Returns True if events were found False otherwise
Test for tensor. elemwise operation.
Load all plugins from the given directories. If no extra_dirs is provided all plugins will
Get the first day of the week.
Return a list of brew colors for a given number of colors.
Delete a document by saving it to the database.
Convert a value to an integer. If the value cannot be converted to an integer the default
Register the openencoding checker with the given linter.
Return a copy of the given translation with the given x y and units.
Return a generator of hexdump values and ascii values.
Create a new chain in the NFTables system.
Test that the cache update metadata is consistent with the metadata from the disk cache.
Stop the session with the given module and number.
Setup the bloomskysensor platform.
Check if a password matches a hashed version of a password.
Create a dot graph from a graph object.
Return the value of an argument from the DVI. If signed is True return the signed
Register a mapping type.
Test the functionality of the desktop application.
Return the dot product of x and y.
Display the completions of the current line as a line - like string.
Return True if the given key is a CCX course.
Test json_view_error.
Temporarily redirect standard input and standard output to the given connection.
Return the content of a GET request as a bytes object.
Simulate k more than one k - probabilistic k - probabilistic k -
Return a list of all available community plugins.
Returns the filename of the pc_settings. py file.
Test subunit output with one error. This is useful when you want to run a sub
Returns a pagination querystring for a given page number.
Get the full path to the auto - configured configuration file.
Generate a Garch with the given ar ma mu and scale and return the error and the
Deduce the helpful message from a requirements file.
Test the output of lettuce with a nice outline colorless output.
Remove arrays from the code and return a dictionary of replacements and the number of removed arrays.
Get the size of a file in bytes.
Find the first option with an argument in the given list of options. If short_opts
Write the given example config to the given file.
Make a Poisson PMF from a lam and a high number of steps.
Test usage of mne_surf2bem.
Return the measure of the argument in the given units. If the argument is not a number
Check a gle response and raise an exception if needed.
Return a range of numbers between 0 and 4 inclusive.
Return a string representation of the given ID.
Get a list of courseware and non - courseware topics for a given course.
Decorator to wrap a function or a class with a function or a class with a decorator.
Deletes keys from a QoS Specification.
Return a query to get all the activities for a given user_id.
Get the standard reply for the given template_name and doc and return the subject and response
Return a copy of the attributes in ava that are on the wire representation acs.
Demonstration of the model.
Upgrade the database to the latest version.
Compute the trace of an operator in the range [ 0 num_ ) where num_ is
Helper function to run a command in a subprocess and return the output.
Test that a remote email is saved draft.
Return a list of all the netstat entries in the system.
Redirect to the login page if the user is logged in. If the user is not logged
Run a command as a user in sudo mode. If the command does not exist it will
Create a tar file from a compiled file in a given directory. The compiled file will be
Prepare a bearer URI to be used in a POST request.
Test consistency across multiple CPUs in parallel. This is done in parallel with the theano
Test for minimum zero value.
Get a list of all categories for a given blog.
Return the jumptopreviewwindow option.
Add a new rule to the list of rules. If the rule already exists it will be
Create a stream with the given name and number of shards.
Log a message at the error level.
The main loop of the mestate process.
Get the parent process id from the pid file.
Event handler for the scroll event. This function is called when the user scrolls in the
Return the square root of f divided by the square root of u. If k is a
Find a duplicate decomposition of the input array f and return a tuple of the resulting decomposition and
Return True if path is a directory and has a package with the name str_.
Entry point for the command line tool.
Read a dictionary from the Numa Map for the given PID and key.
Convert a timedelta to an integral number of minutes.
Test that the url_to_local_path is the same as the local path.
Change the type of the given token to a string if it is a reserved identifier.
Return the path component of the given URL.
This function is called before the simulation is started. This function is called before the simulation is
Take the first n elements of a sequence.
Test that validate_if_list_of_axes is called on a list of axes
Return a list of the length of all the strings in a FASTA file.
Run the collectionseditor editor with the data in get_test_data.
Redirect the user to the given URL. This is useful when you want to redirect to a
Group the elements of an iterable into n - sized iterables. If fillvalue is None the
Get the base path for a given pack name.
Return a list of all the hosts on the VMware environment.
Batch - determination of a sequence of numbers.
Convert an API resource to a Project object.
Return a random slice of length slicelen from a list of length listlen.
Calculate the number of seconds since the last call to this function.
Combine two flaky annotations into a single annotation.
Unpublish a collection from a committer.
Remove all the roles associated with a user in a tenant.
Make a JSON - RPC call to the given URL with the given arguments and keyword arguments.
Get the segment path for a given point in a loop. If segmentcenter is not None
Return the contents of the deb_resolv. txt file.
Test array. array. reduce_ex with num_ num_ and num_ num_
Create a blockdevicevolume object from an EBS volume object.
Return True if vertices1 and vertices2 are on the same mesh.
Perform a suggestion for the given unit and translation. If the user does not have the suggestion
Return the size of the given VM or raise a saltcloudnotfound error if the size
Construct a getitem array tuple from a buffer or tuple.
Test nearmiss initialization.
Return the virtual name of this module.
Returns True if the current language is in settings. languages_bidi.
Select the best encoding for the given output stream. If no output stream is given the default
Get the label from the given plist.
S3 REST endpoint for Nzseel2
Returns True if the given config var is equal to the given expected value. If the config
Rolls back a list of reservations.
Check if a version of keystone is available.
download an object from a container to a local file or a remote file. If the destination
Shelve a server.
Checks that the opened help link is not the same as the given url.
Add a canvas to the list of available canvasses. If a canvas is already
Find the git directory and file in the current working directory.
Get the pagination params from the request.
Test that str_ is the same as fixline fixparam and commentstartexp.
Run a tutorial on a list of afrikaans and return a test object.
Return the total physical memory in bytes.
Group a list of results by video.
Return the virtual name of this module.
Parse an ETAG string into a list of tags.
Main entry point for the simulator.
Send a user add mail.
Return a color style object for the current environment. If the environment does not support coloring
Convert an IP protocol to a string.
Return an iterator over all the lists in a dictionary.
Add information about the nearest patch to the dictionary s. This is done by searching the nearest
Convert a string to an integer.
Simplify a dimension expression into a dimension expression.
Encode an integer into a varint string.
Test that the translated field supports a migration.
Process open sockets in osquery table.
Command line interface for host - evacuate - live hypervisors.
A wrapper for the levicivita function.
Flush all customer data to the database and update the description of each customer in the database.
Make the name of a CTF file.
Allow the given user to access the given course level. If send_email is set to
Revokes a set of roles from a user in a database.
Return a list of vim. Cluster objects in a given datacenter
Register a handler to get keywords from a git versionfile.
Uniform linear layout of a list of points.
Generator that yields n RGB colors.
Returns a list of acl groups filtered by the given filter_data.
Yields tokens from the given readline. If an error occurs the token is not generated.
Return the nonphylogenetic metric with the given name.
Parse a query string into a list of values.
Remove stop words from a list of tokens.
Check if the shell is an IPython shell.
Return the swap size for a given VM.
Remove a file or directory from the filesystem.
Generate URLs for a given MusicBrainz ID.
Execute a script in the current working directory with the given arguments.
Return True if spec_info is a list. Otherwise return False.
Check if the minions are in the raetkey directory and return the accepted pre and rejected
Test dict key completion bytes.
Check if string is a float. Return bool_ if it s a float otherwise return False
Return a boolean indicating whether a vector is bowed or not.
Get a single series by id.
Register a new user.
Upload files recursively to S3.
Checks if a pair of operations is the inverse of a pair of operations.
Get the last account for a given nick.
Return True if obj is an undefined object.
Get a boolean value from the database. If no arguments are given the form_dict is
Get a catalog by its name.
Test to see if a random array contains an inf value.
Find a sentinel in a file. Return none if no sentinel is found in the file.
Get the unit format from the config. If no unit format is specified the default unit format
Yields nitems items in format str_. If testobj is not str_ stop
Rolls back to the previous state. This is useful when you want to restore the state
Prints the totals for all the results in a dictionary.
Return True if the node is a super class of the built - in module.
Normalizes a mode string into a mode string with leading and trailing whitespace removed. If mode is
Return the priority of the element. If the element does not have a priority it will raise
Convert a datetime object to a human readable string.
Parse egg_info from a file.
Convert a path into a pathspec for a wingetraw device.
Resizes an image to a medium size.
Unregisters the handler with the given identifier.
Wrap the given command in a shell if necessary.
Updates the metadata of a volume. If delete is True the metadata will be deleted from the
Extract a value from a dictionary using a list of keys.
Get the geometryoutputbyloop for the given xmlelement in the given sideloop.
Migrate the elasticsearch index to the elastic index specified in settings. elastic_index or settings.
The main function of the Qt application. This is the main function of the Qt application.
Returns a dictionary with the user s information.
Get a list of all the tables in the database.
Check that all options are strings and that all keys start with one of _cs_options
Return a random tensor of the specified size with the choice of a tensor of the specified shape
Assert that a and b are identical.
Creates a temporary file with the given suffix and then deletes it.
Unpack a number from a string. If the string is not exactly num_ return default.
Fill an array with the data from the head of the array.
Generate a grid of points with the given width and height.
Reload the configuration from a yaml file if it exists. If it doesn t exist it will
Reset the quota of the bpsmeter. This is called when the bpsm
Return a list of all data extensions registered in the entry point group.
Return a list of n colors from a matplotlib colormap. If bytes_ is set to True
Chebyshev1ap function.
Split the data into x and y based on the given indices. If the data is not
Test the number of x - labels.
Convert data to one of the formats in_format and out_format.
This is the main entry point for the test. It is the main entry point for the
Return the virtual name of this module.
Convert an object to a string with a maximum length of maxelementsize. If the object
Return True if there are previous reviews of the given changeset_revision in the given repository
Get the user s base path from sysconfig. If none is set return the default base
Validate that value is a valid regular expression.
Attach a volume to a server in a given datacenter.
Remove all files in the given directory. If keep_so is set to True the files
Test that maxshield is present in ms_fname in ms_fname in ms_
Write the output of the command to a file. If shouldanalyze is set to True
Randomly shuffle a list of lists.
Yields data in batches of size num_epochs. If shuffle is True the data will
Format a dict of changes into a tuple of a boolean and a formatted string.
Delete all instance_info_cache records for the given instance_uuid.
Returns a bitmask of the attributes that should be added to the list of attributes to be added
Convert a string to a list of indices.
Get a list of sale records for a given course.
Return True if text is a valid string.
Add a resource to a location in a resource container.
Ask the user for input and return the result.
Returns a REST interface to the person s s3 REST API. This is a REST interface
Test the marshmallow schema.
Given a role name and a profile name return True if the profile is associated with the role
Get plaintext from crafted text from a list of crafted procedures.
Returns the mount point of the cgroup configuration file for the given controller.
Command - line entry point for the parquet script.
Returns the default time display string for the given datetime object.
Make a list of managed nodes from a list of addresses and a distribution.
Print a single tag in a repository.
Convert a sympy expression to a numpy matrix.
Get a list of all the nodes in the VM pool. If full is set to True
Remove a block from the specified address. If the address is not a valid mac an error
Create a new resource object that can be used to create an instance of the resource class.
Return the zone for the given name.
Check if a resource is a member of another resource.
Parse unary expression 5.
Returns the contents of the persistent store as a string. If the store is empty returns None
Escape special characters in a string so that it can be used as a shell command.
Url - encode a string for use in a request.
Convert data to a dummy array. If returnall is set to True then only return the
Return True if val is a boolean. If val is an integer return True otherwise return False
Find a tex file in the current working directory.
Send a list of inventories to the client.
Returns a suitable downloader for the given info_dict. If there is no suitable downloader it
Package the files into the package_out directory with the given template.
Convert an IP address to an integer.
Run the convert command on the given list of arguments. If the command does not exist it
Disable availability zones.
Get the CPU percentages of a function and return the result as a tuple.
Create a declaration string for the loop_orders and dtypes in the loop_order dictionary.
Pushes the i18n resources to the release queue. This will push the resources to
Set an option on the manager to find changes to the technologies in the manager.
Add two numbers and return the result.
Render a review list box with the given addon and reviews.
Get a group type by its ID.
Render a template with the given context.
Open a single instance of an index. This command will open a new instance of the index
Print the decoder briefs for the given dictionary of decoders.
Check if the given path points to a running service.
Check the type of a classification target.
Fit a function to the input data and return the parameters and the output of the function.
Check that all variables are in the same format as the variables in the given ncfileobj
Forces a job to be run if it is not already running. If it is not
Configure the vagrant environment.
Create option values for a given optionable type.
Test scenario with hash within single quotes.
List all qthreads in the system.
Test if the coins are in normal mode.
Print a status message if the show_status flag is set.
Delete the home directory of a repository.
Check if a string is an IPv6 address and return it as an IPv6 address.
Get the x y coordinates of a read name.
Decrypts data using AES - CBC using the expanded_key. The expanded_key
Return a socket object for the given address.
Set the proxy on Windows. This is only available on Mac OS X and on Windows.
Convert a list of hex values to a numpy array of RGBA values.
Return a list of revisions for a given package.
Save a list of photos to a user.
Temperature to Fahrenheit and Celsius.
Update the version of the given event_id with the given is_created and column_
Make a google unique id from a CloudInstance object.
Remove all files in a directory. If from_delete is set to True only the files
Check the connectivity of a cluster.
Initialize a module and store it in the global house dictionary. This function is called by the
Find all occurences of a pattern in a string.
URL target blank.
Check if a loop is intersecting within a list of looplists.
Set whether or not the quota usage is dirty for the given resources.
Return a set of unique IDs from a list of FASTA files.
Augments usage errors with the given context. If the given context is not None the
Remove all files that ends with str_.
Release a vlan_id to the database and return the bool_ value.
Return a mocked output of the render_template function. This is useful when you want
Calculate the GF value of a function f.
Transpose the expression to the left - to - right order.
Check if a value is a string.
Returns a dictionary of strings and number of tasks to be run in the current context of the
Monitor the state of a service. If the service does not exist it will be created.
Expands the asterisk in the expression to match the column names in the database and table
Test collect_4 function.
Compare two key records for equality.
List all the host groups in the system.
Return a list of commands to run on a systemd unit.
Returns a list of page objects that are siblings of page2 relative to page_list.
Write content to output_path. If output_path does not exist it will be created
Replace a file in a temporary directory with the given data.
Return a string that can be used to connect to a database.
Test if an entry is present in an IPSet.
Welcome email to OSF4M via osfstoragefilenode.
Set the icon for a given file. If the icon already exists it will be overwritten.
Load a module and return its contents as a dictionary.
Find an approval token for an object.
Returns the desktop module with the given name or None if it doesn t exist.
Check if a tool dependency can be eliminated by a given type and version.
Encode rawbytes into z85 characters.
Set the domain from a string. If the string is a URL it will be converted to
Check DNA characters in a BCS file.
Splits a list of strings into a dictionary of arguments.
Return a ticker for a given span of days weeks months years and a given number of ticks
Remove all modules with a string name from the sys. modules list.
Install handler usingsignal for given file descriptor.
Hadoop fs mkdir function. Works like mkdir - p. If the path already exists
Checks if the current system is BSD.
Returns the greatest common divisor of p and q.
Test if a viewpoint is removed from a user s list of devices.
mocked version of get_recording_by_id that returns a list of dicts
Get a key from the cache for a given namespace. If increment is set to True increment
Print a deprecation warning for a given unit.
Replace all special characters in a type name with their real type name.
Lock the workstation.
This is the main entry point for the command line tool. This is the entry point for
Return the hash of a file in the thesubdb. Return none if the file
Set the verbosity level of the CPPLint.
Create a directory and all of its sub - directories if they don t already exist.
Get a flavor s extras as a list of flavorextraspecs.
Get the status of a data pusher job.
Unpack out into a list of lines and return them as a list of lines.
Creates a temporary access rule for a given IP and TTL. The rule will be applied to
Returns a list of tuples containing the keys and values of all members of the given object.
Convert a DKL to an RGB array. The DKL must be in the
Test for incorrect case file index.
Displays a list of all the charts in the tree.
Build an HL0B training set with the given number of numones.
Return a function that undocures the docstring of the given function.
Lock the node with the given name. If the node does not exist it will be created
Parse a preference file and return a dictionary of key - value pairs.
Display the version of the cloudbot client.
Calculate the variance of a time series.
Group items by key using key_fn.
Test inverse operator noise_cov_rank.
Convert a matroska date string to a datetime object.
Return the status of the CSF system on the minion.
p_conditional_expression_2 p_conditional_expression_3
Return True if the given secret is decryptable by the given user.
Check if the given drive is a mount point on the given root.
Returns True if symptom caching is enabled and the cache backend is str_.
Filter a release name based on a list of filter_words.
Return the path to the vbox command.
Parse a template string and return a dict.
Return a list of values that are in vlist. If vlist is not a list
A shared constructor for numpy. random. random_state.
The unsubscribe_user_task task will unsubscribe the user from a list of newsletters.
Assign a user to a page.
Dump the memory of the current process to a file in the temporary directory and the current process
Rolls the volume waps in a dataframe to a given length. The volume waps
Get the name of the bench function.
Join a list of paths into a single path.
Kotanchek - Kotanchek
A celery task for archiving a node.
Run a command and return its output and error.
Remove noise characters from output_string and replace them with str_.
Display a preview of the user s answer in the form of a JSON - encoded string.
Read a string from a file - like object.
Test that smote. fit_sample is called with a wrong kind.
Test the connection to a MySQL database.
Test the list of projects modified since a given date.
Remove a file or directory from the filesystem if it exists. If the file does not exist
Find the smart path for a given list of challbs.
Parse a media string into a media object.
Make a dense tensor from a sparse list of targets and a number of noclass classes.
Stop running containers.
Get the phred quality of a record.
Find the UUID for a given name_label in a given host or None if not found
Return the stats of the consumer and the consumer s controller.
Iterate over all modules in a given package including subpackages.
Return a REST interface to the Indicator API.
Authenticates the user with the given credentials. If authentication succeeds the user is returned.
Ensure that a subreddit with the given name exists. If not create a new subreddit
Generates a Genclientlib file from the given discovery file in the given language.
Get the elapsed time between two events.
Sets the color of the event collection to the color of the event collection in the baseline images
Test that pushd and popd are in the same directory as the current working directory.
Setup the platform for the qwikswitch.
Choose random tests from a list of tests. If tests is a testsuite it will be
Edit an alias for a project.
Initialize an add - on for the given app and add - on_name.
Return the file - like name of a file - like object or file - like object.
Convert milliseconds since epoch to a datetime. timedelta object.
Return a list of service types that are registered for the agent.
Unescape a string literal.
Return a list of keyspaces and connections given a list of keyspaces and a list of
Add a subtask to a task.
Make an eventrule for the given date_rule and time_rule.
Read the version from the version_file and return it as a Python object.
Return the argument of softmax.
Revoke all certificates for a given user and project.
Get the user and password from the given socketfile.
Handler for the xblock_outline endpoint. Returns a json response with the xblock information
Expands the cookie_path from the protocolinfo_response. If the cookie_path
Get the latest release tag from the git repo.
Filter a table to a core by filtering it by the fraction_for_core parameter.
Migrate oauth template facts to oauth template facts.
Calculate the histogram of a list of bins and a list of histogram of a list of values
Return a list of all available grains.
Return a list of osquery. User objects from the OSDB table specified by attrs and
Extract a link from a link header.
Initialize a DogStatsD server.
Map a QoS specification and a volume to a QoS specification.
Get the stock balance for a given item_code warehouse posting_date and post
Calculate how many rows have changed between old_entity and new_entity.
Return the status of the cluster.
Test help command should exit status ok when command exists.
Scour the coordinates of a list of numbers.
Create a new campaign with a bidding strategy.
Setup the platform for the Hass device.
Start a VM and return a dict of the results. If the VM is already running return
Calculate the mean square root of the data.
Return a string representation of a packet in hex format.
Get the logger with the given name.
Compute the correlation matrix for an array of values. If the number of k_vars is
Return a tuple of f_gens and g_gens where f_gens and g_
Find the end of an expression in a line.
Test scenario has name.
Renders a list of files from a list of documents. The list of files can be filtered
Return an httplib2. httplib2. httplib2. httplib2.
Handle AJAX requests for a course masquerade.
Return a boolean value indicating whether the label matches the value of the label attribute.
Convert x to a binary string.
Returns the current time zone tag for the given time zone name.
Reconcile the voucher_type and voucher_no of a voucher_
Create a list of formatters based on the given config and stream_openers.
Undo the setup of the root logger and all of the extra loggers.
Expands the gallery from the given metadata dictionary into a list of lines.
Convert a list of columns into a 2D array of images.
Return a string that can be used as a namespace entry point for the given process id.
Check that cuckoo_root and cuckoostartuperror are present.
A view to edit an existing page folder.
Stop the cover for the given entity. If entity_id is not specified all cover will
Return True if rdclass is a metaclass. Otherwise return False.
Get the IPv6 address associated with a given interface.
Process a list of movies and write the result to the sentiment_writer and entity
Include all enabled extensions into the django. contrib. contrib. admin. settings. django_
Get the embeddings for each word in word_idict using the function f_em
Set media list player.
Convert x to a list if it s not already a list. If it s already a
Find any children that are not in the parent of the current node. If dryrun is
Change the secure and non - secure cookies of the current logged in user.
Return a list with only the unique elements in l.
Clear the screen. This is a no - op if you don t know what you re
Test that the compound gate matrices represent the same number of qubits as the circuit.
Format an example with the given substitutions.
Remove all camel case characters from a string.
Return the default logfile for the given exe_name. If the logfile does not exist it
Get the difference between a set of looplists and the importradius
Pads a number to a given number of characters. If the number is less than n
Get a provider by its name.
Change the user s username.
Show information about a resource.
Returns the URL for the given route_name in the given request. If the route_
Return the power of x to the power of y and z.
Return the file system path for the given path.
Get a value from the database.
Test run method should raise command error when command does not exist.
Release an address. If check_mode is set to False the address is not released.
Wrapper for resnet_v1 with a bottleneck block.
Get crafted text from gcodetext. If cliprepository is not specified the
Convert a packed IP address to a string.
Test that the stft function is called with a list of samples and a list of estimates
Get the current Cython version number from the Cython. compiler. main. version.
Returns a list of SQL indexes for all models in the given app.
Remove the extension from a file name if it exists. If it doesn t exist it will
Return a list of recently changed packages activities.
Example of how to create a lasagne layer.
Return a list of the latest versions of the repo. If refresh is set to True the
Create a pump for connecting to the server and the client. The pump is a
Format the slug for the request.
Get an object from a text file.
Return the signature of a callback. If the callback is a function or method return the signature
Save the organisation_id to the database if it doesn t already exist. If it
Convert a list of tuples into a list of sparse blocks.
Fix source_lines using pep8 and apply global fixes to the source_lines
Run a shell command and return the output as a string.
Get the options from the command line.
Test that a context file has the same choices as default_context and extra_context.
Test that bundle_to_joblist does not have any output.
Create a new figure manager for the given figure and return it.
Return a list of labels for the given name.
Create transformations for each token in all_tokens.
Set the tax type and total in the request session.
Check if a string matches a regular expression.
Make a request to the Appveyor API.
List all apps in the registry.
Set the diff opcode generator class.
Expands the dimensions of x to num_ or num_ if num_ is 0.
Search for an executable in the given environment. If the executable is not found None is returned
Create a temporary script file with the given effects and return the name of the file.
If p is a file or directory append it to the end if it is a directory.
Return True if the namespace is less than or equal to the given one in the database.
Sends an e - mail to the user that a member was removed from a group.
Returns True if the user is authorized to access the resource.
Returns the console width in pixels or the default if none is set.
Sort an IP address in alphabetical order. This is used to sort by IP address.
Displays a course in the course_structure section of the given course_key. The course
Delete the preview files for the given instance from the storage.
Returns True if the string s is greater than or equal to the given threshold.
Compute the discriminant between two vectors.
Test read_user_dict_default_value.
Render a template with the data from the GET POST and PUT request parameters.
Find a Python library by name. If cached is set to True the library will be loaded
Create a grantip middleware for the given app and global_conf.
Run pylint against a set of files.
Educate backticks in a string.
Check if the given URL is HTML based on the given MIME type headers.
Return a list of all the keyspaces in the system.
Set the system name and language and the alert hub title and the menu logo.
Return the default arguments for the command.
Import a module and return an instance of it. Raise a routersploitexception if
Generator that yields translation messages from a translation CSV file.
Create a student_attendance record and submit it to Frappe.
Create a like action for a given topic.
Convert a list of stats to a dictionary of iostats for a given header.
Unquote a string and return it. If the string does not end in str_ then
Convert a float to a datetime. datetime object.
Check if a summary with the given tag exists.
Get the input file from the config file. If the file does not exist it will be
Gather clones and regularization loss from the clone scope.
Extract user email and fullname from a distinguished name.
Build a rep string from a song and a list of metadata strings.
Count the number of dictionaries for a given language in a given project.
Search for recordings based on a search query.
Preserve the torrent directory in the given albumpath and return the path to the new folder
Add a summary mapping to the OTU table and return a tuple of summary and taxon order
Compute the nodes that match the given hypervisor and return a list of nodes that match the
Post - process mapping and denoised sequences and combine them into a single fasta file.
Returns a string if the parameter exists. Otherwise returns None. If the parameter does not exist
Return the full path to an executable in the given sitepath or None if not found.
Find the end of a multiline line in a Cinder docstring. Return the position of the
Wraps a coroutine in a joinevent and wraps it in a joinevent
Return True if the version of the AFI is not available. Otherwise return False.
Get the version of the Python interpreter running pylint on the current working directory.
Get the volume summary for a given project.
Completes the given line by skipping all tokens that are not in the skip_tokens list
Translate a message to a unicode string.
Returns a list of sort keys and sort direction.
Calculate the arcsec of a number.
Find the log - likelihood of a point.
Convert a size in human readable units to bytes.
Set the evacuate or drain option in the facts dictionary.
Execute a kadmin command
Recursively evaluate the tail of a tree in the form of a = b where b is the
Get the cubic path for the given XML element.
Remove line breaks from a string and return it as a string.
Create a build target from a package name version and build tag.
Convert an expression into a list of clause expressions.
Update collection status in search index.
Sort a PCAP file and write the result to outpath. Returns the number of files
Update the current instance of the class with the latest version of the class. If the class
Check if a process with the given pid exists. If it does it will be killed.
Read the next string from the input stream.
Returns a dictionary of unified outputs. If there are less than num_ outputs returns an
Reload gluon routes and redirect to the original url.
Create an array of the given type with the given size and initializer. If a lock is
Setup the platform with the given configuration and add the devices to the Hass device manager.
Check if the given string is a valid extcomm attribute.
Return a list of all nodes in the specified zone.
Tag the release with the given version.
Write a message to the open preview window and jumptopreviouswindow.
Get a resampler for the given groupby and rule.
Make a dataset from x y and sample_weight.
Sort the children of the tree by the given column. If descending is True then the children
Check that savedjson is a unicode string and that the number of strings in savedjson is
Create a contiguous array of the given type from the given arguments and return the resulting array.
Test plot_topo_image_epochs.
Get the HTTP headers to be sent to the proxy server.
Rebuild the dependencies of a given lib or all of them if lib is not specified.
Tamper the given payload and return the result. If the payload is not a string
Returns the diff renderer class.
Load tests from a module using a set of found_tests and a pattern.
Get a list of pull requests for a given project.
Return a string representation of the HTTP response status code.
Sleep for a given amount of time. If no reactor is given the reactor will be used
Return the root page of the web application.
Unescape a node from a JID string.
Check if an object is a sequence of booleans.
Add a list of faces to a list of faces based on a list of vertices in a
Find the root node of a tree.
Called when a switch listener is listening for changes in the database. This function is called when
Add two 32 - bit integers and return the result as a new 32 - bit integer.
Return a list of all available devices. If no parameters are provided all available devices are returned
Test for include and exclude names in str_.
Return the name of this module if it is a git repository or if it is a git
Show the current pillar. If no item is passed the entire pillar is returned. If no
Callback for _key_value_callback.
This function is used to test the parameters of the application. It is used to test the
Test on_focus_changed issue 1484.
Patch the fakecmdutils class to allow the command - line toolchain to be
Insert the given data into the database. If the data already exists it will be replaced.
Sends a notification to the user that the password has been changed.
Add the loadgraph arguments to the given parser.
Return a generator that yields all symbols in an iterator that are not in the exclude set.
Convert a datetime object to a decimal object.
Get the source and line number of a node.
Return a normalized version of the given path.
Run DESEQ2 on a qiime table.
Get the name of the Python package that is using the current environment.
Parse unary expression 6.
Given a bucket name create a new bucket with the given permissions.
Convert a color string to an RGB color and an alpha value. If the mode string is
Remove repeated values from a list of indices.
The main entry point for the application. The main entry point is the entry point for the
Pauses a running server.
Parse a JSON string into a Python object.
Normalize a word by replacing diacritics in the word with their original diacrit
Test for type error.
Check if a network is absent. If the network is a container it will be removed from
Convert a list of latitudes into a string.
Generate a BQ schema from a pandas. DataFrame.
Returns a key that can be used to sort a list of strings.
Parse the command - line arguments and return them as a dict.
Return True if the graph is connected.
Get the network script for a given network interface.
Inplace a CSR column by multiplying it with a scale matrix.
Get a new skeinlayer repository.
Encode a password to be able to be used as a key in a password_hash.
Set the name of the audio output. The name must be one of the supported formats.
Call the service and return the result.
Check that an atom is a valid string.
Categorical cross entropy.
Provides a list of products for a given product_id.
Test whether a pie is a half pie.
Import an object from a fully qualified class name.
Test whether all the files in the current working directory are in the same format as the one
Returns a list of files with the given filetypes without the given words.
Create a logout URL from the given slug.
Returns the request host and ERHN if it is not IPv4 or IPv6.
Recursively copy a directory and all its contents to a new directory.
Clear the screen.
Get the location of a virtual machine
Reshapes x to a vector of length num_.
Truncate purified field with xss.
Initialize the initial state with the given shape and initializer. If inputs is None the initial state
Gets the value of a field of a Java object.
Compute the log - density of the multivariate normal density at x.
Convert a CIX string to an ET. ElementTree.
Empty the trash of the current platform.
Generates a link to expand a fragment in a given context.
Split a named range string into sheet name and xlrange tuples.
Set a vary header on the response.
Return a list of built - in view extensions.
Search the recent scans database for the given md5 and return the URL of the most recent
Test regularization of the coverage data.
Returns x if x is None otherwise returns x.
Parse a TCP packet into a tuple of tuples. The first tuple is a tuple with the
Build a page and return it as a PDF or HTML string. If html is not provided
Generate a meshgrid triangulation of the given number of points.
Clear the site cache for a given instance and domain.
Returns a stream of the logged in user. The user will be streamed to the user
example2_build_verticle_exit - Build a verticle exit.
Return a weakref to the target object. If target is a class or method it will
Test fit of allknn with a single class.
Returns True if the given bucket name is most likely to be subdomain - compatible.
Return a tuple of the string s and the Obo object that matches the string s.
Return an instance of s3_rest_controller that provides access to the REST API.
Calls to_call with the given kwargs. Raises a TypeError if to_call is not
Print a summary of the installed plugins and their metadata.
Detach a device from the system. If no device is specified detach all devices from the system
Join a list of strings with a separator.
Returns a list of free ports in the range [ start_port end_port ).
Calls subprocess. call and raises an exception if there is an error.
Test that the HTML string is written to a table and clean it up to be able to
Given a list of choices return a list of tuples where the first item is the script name
Get the current compiler from sys. argv. If no compiler is found return None.
Start a video download for the given youtube files.
Delete a security group
Test that the saved inner graph is the same as the saved one.
Check that the result is a geometry. If it s not raise an ogrexception
Return a renamed tuple with parent and child as the name of the argument.
Test that the Sentry bootstrap options do not have a config.
Return the build URL for a GitHub project.
Return a list of permissions from a list of URLs.
Create a new type from a GType or a GType similar to a GType.
Return a generator that yields the comparison type of the logical_line. If the logical_
Attach a policy to a role.
Notify about a server group update.
Create a wsgi. resource object from an ext_mgr object.
Return the weight of a given word on a given topic in a given document.
Get the pricing module.
Check if there is enough free space in download_dir. If so pause the download.
Fill text in a CSS element.
Returns a list of all available colours.
Return a regex for opening and closing tags with the given tag name.
Test plugin image id field.
Load an executable from an environment variable. If the environment variable is not found an error is
Test for RGB - to - HSL conversion on the 6th part of the image.
Converts a boolean string into an integer.
Wrap a fragment with new_content and add the fragment s resources to it.
Return a list of all keys for a given user. If no user is given all keys
Join the given strings into a file system path and return the result as a string.
Create or resurrect a directory.
Get the data center of the chassis.
Compute the onenorm power p nearest neighbors of an onenorm matrix.
The main entry point for the command line interface. This is the main entry point for the
A context manager that sets global assumptions and cleans up after the context is complete.
Return the UID of the user with the given name or None if the name is not a
Returns a dictionary of variables that can be used in a pagination context.
Convert a hex string to a byte string.
Delete all metadef tags for a given namespace.
Moves the mouse pointer to the given element.
Unsplit a URL from a list of parts.
Create a nose. tools. MethodStub object with the same name as str_.
Return a string with the text formatted according to the given format string.
Calculate the mean and gradient of x.
Create the overlay workflow and connect it to the slicestats and overlaystats.
Get the size of a VM.
Get a service proxy instance.
Apply a list of changes to a collection.
Get the version of an executable.
Delete all lead addresses for a given company.
Update a flagged object s status with a new status from the POST data.
Write data to a FidiFile object.
Fetch the MSX HDU from the server.
Estimate the number of movies for each user in a given list of reviews.
Reset the state of the virtual machine to zero. Returns True if the reset was successful.
Convert an integer property to an integer field.
Get the host part of the request.
Quadmin function to calculate the x - coordinate of a quasi - quadrature.
Check if a package is installed.
Start an app in the given directory.
Test that a value is nullable. This is done by checking that the value is not None
Get the read_geometry function.
Mimify a file or file - like object into a file - like object.
Determine the function name type based on the node s decorators. If the node is a method
Log the raw IRC data to the IRC log stream.
Given a list of paths return the first path that is not a directory or an absolute path
Remove the dnsmasq accept rules for a given device.
Generate the fathead file from the files in the given folder.
Return a dictionary with keys that are not present in orig but are not present in new.
Move to the top of the stack. If move_up is True move up the stack
Return the gradient of x multiplied by multiplier.
Process an xmlelement and add it to the target object.
Get the host name for a VM.
Coalesce columns and rows from a list of column names to a list of column names.
Find increasing sequences in an iterable worder.
Fix the makefile. If do_apply is True the makefile will be renamed to
Convert a pandas index to a list of labels.
Return the k - th smallest value of x.
Get the current stock value for the given supplier and product.
Connect to an S3 bucket.
Get a list of all tables in the database.
Get the base directory of the portable environment.
Return a tuple of tuples describing the inputs and outputs of a given node.
Returns the qualifying prefix for the given module name and qualname. If modname is
View a single user in the database. The user will be saved in the database and saved
Delete a service group
Compute the mean cross - validation score.
Return True if LDAP user enabled emulation and use group config is ignored.
Delete an interface
Return a string representation of a mocked template with the given context. This is useful for
Get the maximum span of the complex number in the loop.
Return a fake blockdevicemapping object from the given bdm_dict.
Get information about a container in an environment.
Create a new fifo with the given name. If the fifo already exists it will
Return the default temporary directory for the current working directory. If the current working directory is not
Render a report with the given ids and name and data. If no context is provided the
Unsubscribes from a document of a given type.
Iterate over the items of a multidict or dict.
Return a list of all the headers that match one of the given filters.
Delete a user from the system. If the user does not exist it will be created.
Return the virtual version of the python module.
Pragma foreign keys.
Log a message at the DEBUG level. The message is formatted according to the name filename and
Remove a list of patch operations from an API key.
Check if an anchor is present in a file.
Get or create a zone with the given name or create it if it doesn t exist.
A test function to run a single test environment. This function is used to run a single
Remove a user from the cluster. If the user does not exist nothing is done.
Checks that the given index name is valid.
Return null if o is not None otherwise return the value of d. If o is None
Get a summary of all volumes in the database.
Write the docstring dictionary to a file.
Returns the current kernel architecture.
return the data to the server and write it back to the server. If the server is
A file loader that loads files from the root of the project s directory.
Test label io and time course estimates.
Check that the covariance matrix is well - formed and that the number of components is equal to
Get the current portage object and reload it if it s changed.
Quote a file name for use in an RSP file.
Test dialog for loading and saving files.
Return a list of all the groups in a group named name.
rar3_s2k - RAR3 s2k
Delete a VLAN ID from the database.
Render an OpenID request.
Return the nth root of a mod p. If all_roots is True the nth root
Calculate the CDLMorning Dojistar of a list of bards.
Returns an iterator over the items in the given object. This is useful if you want to
Add a new service to the system.
GPU - Element - wise - Careduce optimizer.
Return a list of all the upgrades that can be applied to the distribution. If refresh is
Receive a single object from a socket.
Check to see if the given name is absent in the given region. If it does it
Inject create_tags into class_attributes.
Wrapper for rs_puiseux2 in the same way as rs_puiseux
Get a user by username.
Run a scgi function on the specified network address.
Calculate the Fonseca coefficient for a given list of individuals.
Prints the console output of the specified server.
Create actions for module bookmarks.
Display an RGB image in a matplotlib figure. If a title is provided the title will be
Read a file and split it into a list of strings.
Run pytest to exit on collection_error_py_files in testdir.
Get the next host from the list of hosts to connect to. If no host is found
Replace the current namespace scope with a new one.
Return True if the python module is installed on the system False otherwise.
Return a path with the user s home directory as the first character of the given path.
Return the least common multiple of f and g. If g is a list it will be
Copy data from master_fd to stdout_fd and then from stdin_fd to stdout
Return the where function of x is true. The where function is the sum of y_
Compute an optional configuration value from a dictionary of configuration values. If the configuration value is not
Returns the translation for the given language and the unitdata for the given project and subproject
Convert x to a list of arguments if it s not already a list.
Delete a category and assert that it doesn t exist in the database.
Convert an object to a commit object. If the object is a tag it will be dereference
Open a SVG viewer in a webpage.
Format a list of strings into a list of strings.
Create a bundle of assets and return it. If no_compress is True the bundle will
Try to import an object from the system. If the object cannot be imported return None.
Rebuild a function from a list of code and a list of cell values.
Split an IPv6 address into a list of netmask parts.
Return the path to the salt - rcctl command or raise an exception if the command is
Get the pagination limit and marker from the request.
Convert an XML element to a dictionary.
Remove the given namespace from all child elements of the given element and return the original element.
Get the current render context.
Parse the test_files_option and return the name and list of files.
Format a power to a string.
Given an adml_data element and a reference id return the presentation refid.
Get a string representation of the output of the given dump_fn.
Parse text as an integer.
Load the italian_tutorial in a po file and store it in the p
Returns the first child with the given tag or None if no such child exists.
Return a dictionary of settings with the given key - value pairs.
Colorize text.
Returns a list of tuples of all possible combinations of the input list l.
Get the limit parameter from the request. If the limit is greater than the max_limit
Return a list of modules and the active module if the request is a hard - tree.
Get the difference between a key and a value in a file system.
Try to open a passwordless openssh server.
Test that the raw file has the Eeg Accuracy Reference Project.
Remove scrubs from a string and return it as a title cased string.
Create a decorator from a middleware class.
Decrypt data from the input stream and write it to the output stream.
Get a random prime number. nbits is the number of bits to be read.
Return the number of trailing blank lines in the physical_line. If the physical_line
Convert a DataFrame to an IDF.
Publishes the current version to the stream framework. If test is set to True it will
Return True if the given SQL string is an open quote.
Return a list of IPv6 addresses for a given host. If nameserver is not specified
Write data to a file in a directory with a temporary file. If the file already exists
This is the main entry point for the command - line tool. It creates a container view
Return a doprint expression with lambdaprinter and doprint settings
Get the edit handler for the model.
Convert an HTML document to an XHTML document with the same namespace as xhtml_namespace.
Return the indices of the elements that match the given condition. If no elements are found return
Set the number of requests that will be allowed for a given interval. If the number of
Test for non unique prefix completion.
Given a base date a relative day and a time return a datetime object representing that day.
Return True if rbenv is installed on the system.
Find the majority element of a list.
Solve a discrete lyapunov problem with bilinear quadrature.
Return a random prime number between 0 and n. If no random function is given a random
Get the temperature of a time series of time series of time series of time series of time
Convert a string to a list of integers.
Clear the cache from the database. This is used to clear the cache from the database.
Convert a regular expression to a regular expression and a number of characters. If the string is
Generate a durable hash for the given item and ephemeral paths.
Register a simple tag without a context parameter. This is useful when you want to use a
Return a list of dup_strips that differ from f with degree m and degree k
Get the max id of the database.
Return a dict of all the configuration values in the mapview. config. py file.
Parse a struct declaration list.
In place GPU sparse block - outer optimizer.
Split a string into a list of integers.
Get the content of the python_lib_zip asset from the contentstore.
Test the cursor keys. This is done by calling the superconsole s sendkeys method.
Test cookiecutter with no input and return project dir.
Return True if the version of minc is available. Otherwise return False.
Return the text of the node with the given path. If the path is not found return
Return a boolean_geometry. booleangeometry object from an xmlparser object.
Parse the change values from the given opts dictionary.
Returns a dictionary with the timestamp and the time zone as keys and the value as values.
Calculate the spherical harmonic volume of an image.
Get the membership of a user in a project. If the user is anonymous return none.
Returns True if the given stream is a public stream of the given realm False otherwise.
Test the inverse of the domain of each link.
Return True if all sdrs in sdrdict are unique.
Gegenbauer polynomial.
Switch an org to a new one.
Parse a cookie string into a list of key - value pairs.
Render a template with the given arguments. If no arguments are given the default template is used
Convert a dictionary of package names to a string.
Guess the filename of an object. If the object has no filename it will return None.
Submit a problem grade report to the instructor.
Check if the expected value is greater than or equal to the got value.
Return a queryset for the given class.
Returns the path to the current route in the context of the current request.
Test float_range_2.
Raises systemexit and raises an exception if the process exits without raising an exception.
Perform a CMO operation on the Dataset ds and return the result as a numpy array.
Return the metadata for the current configuration.
Load a model from a file and a dictionary of word_id to word_params.
Create a window function from a list of drilldown paths and a split cell.
Return a list of routes from the mib - ip - forward table.
Parse command - line options.
Transform the parameters into a format that can be sent to the API. If the value is
Returns a generator that yields lines until the sentinel is reached. If quiet is set to True
Return a list of IP addresses for the given server.
Get the comments app.
Find an executable in the given path. If no path is given the current working directory is
Given a mime type and a set of parsed media ranges return the best fitness and quality.
Return a pandassql builder for the given connection. If the connection is a string
Get the display string for the given course descriptor.
Returns a callable that can be used as a namecheap function. If the nameche
Get the current asset log for the given asset_id.
Extract text from an ODF element.
Return a JSON representation of a datetime object as a string.
Promote an operator to a given size and return a new object with the operator applied to
Return a list of names that match the given pattern.
Get a volume type by id.
Initialise the settings and connect to the changed signal. This is called when the settings are
Strips the error message from the given exception object.
Return a dictionary of changes between two models.
Ensure that the index exists and that the index is removed and that the index does not exist
Return a list of events from a salt server to a salt server.
Test that purelib is installed in a virtualenv.
Returns True if the given user is enrolled for the given course.
Register the harmony sync service with the Hass instance.
Get the foreign struct with the given name in the given namespace or None if there is no
Check if a database with the given name exists. Returns True if the database exists False otherwise
Make a directory if it doesn t already exist.
Broadcast a tensor to a list of devices and return a tuple of the broadcasted tensors.
Get a list of words from a file or file content and extension.
Return the help text for the command.
Rotate a 64 - bit vector to the left and right of a 64 - bit vector.
Return True if the pattern matches the given sentence otherwise False.
Encode a string to the preferred encoding for Python 2. 7. 0 and Python 3.
Allocates a single instance of an allocation.
Check if a word has a vowel.
Start the interactive mode of the debugger. This function is called when the user presses enter
Returns a copy of the plot options from the session.
Attach Epic custom attributes to a queryset.
Get the state of an object.
Download a file from a given URL.
Get a QoS ServiceSpec object by its ID.
Set up insteon and load the platform from hass. config is a dictionary with
Load a configuration file and return a context object. If allow_modify_pipeline is True
Return True if the user has read access to the Studio course.
Word - wrap a string to a given number of characters.
Split a HugeAdd or HugeMultiply node into two. If the number of inputs
Power off the device on the specified host.
Set the driver for the given provider. If the driver already exists it will be replaced.
Get the environment variables to pass to the zmq. zmq module.
Truncates a string to a maximum length. If the string is longer than max_length
Infinibox required to be together.
Check if the local IP is valid. If not raise an error.
Get an integer string from a number.
Return the dot product of two matrices.
Return the output of gcodestepskein from the given gcodetext.
Create a list of EB commands from a list of files and a list of parameters.
Get the configuration tag for the given API instance.
Called when the server is cold stop. This is called when the server is stopped.
Get a list of all available flavors.
List all the keys in the database.
Listen for ping events from the dbapi_conn connection_rec and connection_proxy.
Check if the NVVM driver is available.
Return the attribute of an adjective.
Add the RFCLink role to the app.
Check if the target has a valid handshake. Return True if the target has a valid handshake
Delete an attribute in a class.
Finish the autocompletion of an element. If the element doesn t have the tag
Rotate the given color by the given percentage.
Convert a romannumumumumumumumumumumumumumum
Call a function with a timeout.
Return a new coil repository.
Print a list of available frameworks.
Picks the counters from the interpretation dictionary.
Remove all files that have been fetched from the given distribution.
Test that the table has the same skycoord representation as the table with the same unit and
Update a DNS record in a zone.
Get the geometry output for the given element node.
Test for regression 5. 4. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5
Get the absolute URL from a path.
Start the mainloop from the constructor of the displayed dialog.
Get the current rate of the media played by libvlc_media_player_get
Return the virtual name of this class.
Find the root of a directory. If the directory does not exist it will be created.
Compile a function into a function that can be executed in the context of a given library.
Test run method should return success when find_packages is called.
Run a flask script and assert that it has the same name as the one in the
Return the number of nests in a list.
Returns the plural form of a value. If the value is not an integer it will return
Check requirements for distutils setup.
Sleeps a random number of seconds and returns True if the sleep was successful or False if
Check if a value is an integer like or not.
Create all the extraloops around the loopstobefilled points in a ring
Test base of reduce preferred.
Return True if the version of candidate is greater than or equal to the version of required.
Create a fake request object and add it to the quteproc object.
Get the status of a task.
Generate a list of numvectors vectors with the given length and activity. The number of vectors
Return a random rotation matrix.
Return a list of all installed packages. If versions_as_list is set to True
Add a header to the response.
Create a transfer manager.
Return the epsilon closure of the given state.
Parse a signed request and return the data if it matches the app_secret.
Returns the file name for the given type and test. If platform is None the file name
Stub out the given functions in the given test.
Test for the nvidia driver of nvidia_driver1.
Return the virtual name of this class.
Compile the given node into a string.
Returns the URL of a single document in a specific version of a project.
Add noise to the input array.
Print a string or a list of strings. If strings is a list of strings it will
Write metadata to a file in IM format.
Returns the current language.
Set the environment variable str_ to the path of the plugin. If the path does not
Check if a file or directory is missing and return a dictionary with the name of the file
Wrap an enum object into an enumvariant object. If the object is not an enum variant
Generate an IBP for a given set of customers.
Return the one - argument of x.
Write the usearch61 log to a file in the output_dir.
Parse a list of filename and page ranges into a list of tuples.
Check if an object is null.
Check if a URI is a valid S3 URI.
Format a date according to the given format_string. If no format_string is given
Returns True if the given language is untranslated in the given site. If the language is
Set the function that will be called when the idfunction is called. Returns the old function
Validate the api_password against the request. app. http. api_password.
Return a list of tuples of all ratings and their name.
Tears down the database and cleans up any resources associated with it.
Decorator to apply a function to an audio clip.
Create a tag cloud for a list of words.
Detach a policy from a role.
Returns a set of numbers that are missing.
Run behave with the given configuration.
Declare declaration specifiers.
Create a method response for the given restapiid resourcepath httpmethod statuscode responseparameters
Return a tuple that can be used as a key for sorting the items in a list.
Test for trivial cases.
Write an object to a pickle file.
Returns a list of tab objects that are enabled for the given course and user.
Parse an HTTP Authorization header and return the value. Raise castokenerror if the header is
Test the download of a wheel.
Get the tool panel config and tool path for a given app and repository.
Print the results of a query to the console.
Quote a string for use in a URL.
Parse command line arguments.
Print a message to stderr and exit with the given code.
Get a list of releases for an episode.
Return True if x is an integer and False if x is an integer rounded to the nearest
Check if fs_home exists and is not empty. If it does return a string.
Get the revision number of the current working directory.
Annotate content models by Youtube ID.
Test for an iterator that returns the first num_ elements of the dataset as a string.
Return True if l is a list or a string.
test_basic is a basic example of how to create a sheet with a number of cells
Return the history of the current state of a Zookeeper pool. If zpool is not
Moving mean over a window of size num_.
Add a teacher for the current user s facility.
Fill paragraphs with the given width with the given separator. If the separator is not str_
Test spm_face. requires_spm_data.
Test to show the weights in a yaml file. This is done by running mlp and
Search for an organisation in S3.
Convert a Java pattern to a Python pattern.
Replace all occurrences of old in s with new. If maxsplit is > = num_
Detects the platform and version of an agent. If fill_none is set to True
A login middleware that handles POST and GET parameters. If the form is valid it will be
Make a CSV output from a list of results and a datetime string. This is useful for
Returns the OS version of the current process.
Decode a UTF - 8 string into a unicode object. If the string is already a unicode
Check the status of an RPC call and raise an exception if there is an error.
Return the next datetime for the given table_name with the given utc_hour.
Calculate the MD5 checksum of a file.
Test import fallback for Python 2. 5. 0 and 3. 5. 0.
normalizenewline - normalizenewline - normalizenewline -
Iterate over all filenames in a directory and return them as a dictionary. The keys are the
Execute a command multiple times in parallel and return a generator that yields the results of the command
Set a custom nameserver for a given sld tld and nameservers. The nameservers
Test the reset out of a cell.
Create a Wsgi resource with the given options.
Create a new task for the current user.
Get a string representation of a dictionary.
Get the unit status of the given code.
Initialize the bits library.
Get the name of the model that the user is using.
Create a group_apply function for the given expression. This function is called when a group
Return the default HTTP User - Agent string.
This is the main function for the command line interface. It is called from the command line
Kill a greenlet. If the greenlet is not dead it will throw an exception.
Clean up the S3 bucket and all of it s contents.
Return True if object is a generator function.
Return a list of S3 fields that are permitted to access the current user s roles.
Compute the deployment state for a cluster.
List extensions.
Ensure that a string has at least n characters in it. If the string does not have
Update a fileserver
Return a dictionary of all the JIDs in the job directory.
Installs the gettext translations for the templates specified in the settings. py file.
Serialize a user object into a JSON - ready dict.
Connect the signals to the article generator finalized and page generator finalized.
Get the block device mapping for a given volume and instance uuid.
Return the virtual name of this module.
Check that the shape of the parameter is the same as the shape of param_shape.
Returns True if the object is in the specified module.
Calculate the approximate error between two weights.
Return True if the synapse is within the range of the synapse. Return False otherwise
Return a tuple with the virtual name of the module. If the module is not available return
Register a scale class.
Get the relative path to a file in a pack.
Delete a key from a redis server.
Return the object at the given address or None if it is not found.
Return True if the python module is installed on the system False otherwise.
Get all headers with the given name from the given message. The headers are returned as a
Validate a collection of options.
Install the zmqioloop module into the tornado. ioloop module.
Run a MATLAB job in the same directory as the given job.
Rewrites the legacy bridges configuration.
Get the kernel value for the given key. If no value is given the kernel value is
Return a mapping of namespace names to their respective values.
Decode a base64 string into a unicode string.
Update an existing image with the given values. If purge_props is set to True the
Return the title of the layout. If the layout does not contain a title return None.
Shorten a text using lmgtfy.
Test wrap_long_type.
Test install from wheel with legacy.
Check if an instance is in a resize state.
Run a script in a temporary file with the given context.
Format a number with a decimal separator and a thousand separator.
Return True if a module with the given name exists in the system.
Print a summary of the efuse.
Computes the triangulation of a point between two points p1 and p2.
Return a list of all branches in a repository.
Convert a Markdown file to HTML.
Parse the command - line arguments and return a list of the parsed arguments.
Return the credential controller for the s3db. hrm_credential_controller.
A test function to compare baseline images and extensions. This is used to compare the baseline images
Clones the current repo into the repo_root directory. If reset is set to True
Format an exception and return a list of lines that can be printed to the user.
Context manager to push a kernel context onto the stack. If the context is already pushed it
Join a list of strings together and return a new string.
Return True if the given path is a dot file that is hidden by the user.
Wait for a task to be created. Returns True if the task was created False otherwise.
Get a flavor by its name.
Create an array of ones with the same shape and dtype as the input array.
Parse a feed response and return a dictionary of the parsed data and the status code.
Calculate the DCT matrix for a given number of rows and columns. If unitary is
Search for the first occurrence of a given word in a string and return a list of offsets
Make the path to the cache file for the given resource.
Create an access key for a user.
Given a stack name update it with the given parameters.
Reshow the nbagg figure.
Create a documentlistentry object from an XML string.
Print a warning if sock_dir doesn t exist or is not writable or x_ok
Send a message to multiple recipients. If registration_ids is a list of registration_ids
Run HTML - Tidy with the given options in the given input file.
Raises an exception if it s not the same as the given exception. If it s
Convert a node from one type to another.
Get the model for the given app_label and model_name. If seed_cache
Set the platform architecture context.
Return data to the database.
Get the fill value for a given dtype.
Get a new Mill repository.
Generate an email address for the given user.
Join two or more paths and ensure that the resulting path is safe to use as a base
Helper method to look up a method in this object s class hierarchy. If the method is
The main entry point for the command line tool.
Download a file from an HTTP link to a temporary directory.
Update the given FITS file with the checksum of the given FITS file.
Move a file or directory from one location to another.
Test auto - close us after open task is deleted.
Test that the cache is deactivated and update its metadata.
Checks that the data has been deleted from the database. This is done by checking that the
Remove the key from the data if the user is not a system admin.
Load an ASN. 1 or ASN. 1 certificate from the given buffer.
Return a list of all the queues in the queue directory.
Convert a string identifier to a GCE name.
Return the sqrt depth of a tree.
Return a copy of the current environment with the given values.
Convert a path to a unix - style path. If the path is a unix - style
Decode a time encoded string into a datetime object.
Get the indices of the old T1 and T2 coils in the info dictionary.
Return the data api module.
Create expected photos for a given user and episode.
Get a single worker from the database. If no worker is found an exception is raised.
Test that ROS fit does not have an invalid ratio. This is done by checking that
Unwatch a document.
This function is called when the user clicks on the desktop name window. This function is called
Returns the value of an attribute as a boolean. If the attribute cannot be converted to a
Return a list of matplotlib parameters as a dictionary. If the file does not exist it will
Get the browser from a user agent string. If the user agent string does not contain a
Test imports on the global namespace without a path.
Grade the adjective with the given suffix. If the adjective is ir
Load the data from the data directory and return it as a du. dataset. Dataset.
Dispatches a request to the Google Cloud Storage service and writes the result to the response.
Get the current time in milliseconds.
Verify a user s email address. If the user s email is not unique an error is
Parse a datetime. timedelta event into a datetime. timedelta object.
Strip ANSI escape sequences from a string.
Convert an IP number to a binary string.
Given an enum value return a descriptor for that enum value.
Generate a random lorem IPsum.
Checks if a module exists. Returns True if the module exists False if it doesn t.
Set up all the components that need to be run on the application. This function is called
Create a new quota usage.
Show a list of URLs and a count of the number of URLs in a list of URLs
Return the HTTP status message for a given HTTP status code.
Show the top data from the minion. If no minion is specified the top data will be
Example of how to transfer data from one bucket to another.
jumptotab - jumptotab - jumptotab -
This callback is called when a node is logged. This callback is called for each node in
Returns a base64 encoded string of all preference settings in the system. This is used to
Renders the HTML page for the given book_index. If the book_index is out
Read a 4 - byte string from a file - like object.
Test that lettuce_path and lettuce_path are on the standard output
Add a service group to the current configuration.
Convert special characters to lower case.
Test the get_peak method of all STC objects.
Return True if a is equal to b or False if a and b are not equal.
Validate that the given value is a positive floating point number.
Check if the given repo type is installed on the system.
Return True if a < = b.
Return the status of the specified core. If no core is specified the status of all cores
Get the target of a link.
Generate a unique cache key for the HTML document in the given locale.
Create a temporary directory and delete it.
Create a new ArcGIS service for a given ArcGIS server.
Select a template from a list of templates or raise templatedoesnotexist error.
Returns a path to a file in the temporary directory.
Extend the data with the given length and offset. If the length is greater than the offset
Add the task id to the dict if it doesn t already exist.
Compares two entity protobufs by their key.
Return True if the index of the track is different from the index of the medium.
Perform a whoosh search and return the results as a list of lists of library dataset associations
Convert a tuple to a datetime object.
Add the referer header to the HTTP headers.
Delete a repository from Zypper. Returns True if the repo was deleted False otherwise.
Serialize a set of bits into a string.
Start the salt - syndic daemon
Copy the contents of the source stream into the destination stream. Returns the number of bytes copied
Get a list of GeoJSON tiles for the given names in the given config and coordinate.
Recursively serialize an object to a DFS object using a cached version of the object if possible.
Main entry point for the command line interface.
Returns the GCC shared library argument.
Record purchase.
Wait until there are no listen pids in the given namespace.
A session_py27 decorator that sets the interpreter to str_ and calls _session_
Get a single output from a list of outputs. If there are less than num_ outputs
Register a new account if the user is logged in and the siteconfig is not empty.
Make a key for a given rule.
Get the windowanalyze text of a file.
Given a funshion id return a list of URLs that represent the funshion.
Get the cflags from the environment variable.
Expire the current reservation for the given context. If no reservation is currently in progress the current
Create an alias for an index. Returns True if the alias was created False if the alias
Unwatch approved for a given product. If no product is given the approverevision
Setup the platform for the Wink cover.
Create a directory if it doesn t already exist.
Import a document from a file into s3db. doc_document and s3db
Get all snapshots for a given host. Filters can be used to filter the results.
Upload an image attachment.
Parse a query string into a list of models.
Validate that the volume is writable or writable on the given mount path.
Calculate the overhang direction between two segments.
Encode the payload of a message to a 7 - bit string. If the payload is None
Enable a system service via sysv - enable. If the service is not a chkconfig
Print a warning when a class has been renamed to another class.
Sanitize HTML code.
Get information about a volume.
Return True if x and y are equal.
Check that the label and tip names in the tree are exactly the same as the input.
Get an enabled provider from the registry.
Return the default app id.
Compute the hinge loss from y_pred to y_true.
Serialize a collection to a JSON string.
Sample a supervised dataset and save it in a tiled format.
Return a copy of the defaultvector3 with x y and z set to the values in
Get all subscriptions for a given user.
write oauthgetaccesstokencgi to file
Create an access key for the given key.
Add the photourls to the ph_dict.
Restarts the containers that were reloaded and removes them from the container manager.
Check if the given file is a text file.
Add points from a segment of a circle to a list of points.
Given a connectivity matrix return a list of partition indices for each cluster in the connectivity matrix.
Connect the client to the given destination.
Display the help text on a click event.
Queue the instances to be run on the active provider.
Check if a pip package has been removed from the system and if so remove it from the
Assert that the given function is a warning of the given warning_class.
Generate a list of column names for a given number of columns. If n is less than
Find the prime p and q for the given number of bits.
Convert a string to an integer.
Get the legen_lut for x using the fast version of np. percentile.
Get a JSON representation of a user feed.
Returns True if the user has not set the real s3 credentials or False if not.
Return the sfrmi distance between l and m in the range [ l m ).
mult_int_list_int test_fail_if_path_exists
Render an HTTP response.
Return the number of targets for a given host.
Load a module from a file.
Return True if name is a global variable.
Test the completion for a bash script.
Update the table with a new column name.
Create a Celery app for the given request. If the request has a marker the
Return a lottery of n promoted links from a set of SURT names
Encode the entrance_exam and student input for the given usage key.
Return the current configuration as a string.
Returns a response that can be used to render the template.
Get the build environment string from a dict of environment variables. If the dict is not a
Look up an IP address and port in a string.
Returns True if password_regex and password_regex_description are not set.
Yield all instance profiles and role documents.
Run tests on a given site.
Print the dot notation of the expression.
Update the properties of an image.
Test the progress affecting the statusbar height.
Return True if item is a container. If item is a string return True otherwise return False
Return an interval that represents the ceiling of x. If x is an integer or float
Resolve an id from a string or object to an id. If the object is a string
Turn off the device.
Daily queryset for a given model class.
Called when the application ends the request. This is called when the application ends the request.
Check if we need to recompile the CUDA files in the current working directory.
Resume the oneshot loop when the given time has passed. If the time has passed
Create an array ndindex from an array signature and an array of integer shape.
Copy query options from objecttoprotocolbuffer to params.
Add a pixel to the top - level pixel table with respect to the steepness.
Returns True if the module s config has been changed. Otherwise returns False.
Load a patchset from a file.
Run the test unit.
Generate a set of keys from the key directory. If no keydir is specified all keys
Return a functiongraph and a list of symbolic outputs that can be used to update the inputs
Get the reader class for the given reader_name. If the reader_name is not
Get information about a set of packages.
Calculate the exponential of p to x with precision prec. If p is a puiseux
Add a certificate store to an existing certificate store.
Create a snapshot of a group
Detach a virtual machine from a disk.
Distills a PDF file into another PDF file. If eps is True the pdf will
Add a page if it doesn t already exist. If it doesn t exist return an empty
Return the full path to a config file.
Test ranking ignores identifier quotes.
Returns the length of the polygon in the range [ 0 num_ ) where num_ is
Execute a command in the current working directory and return the output as a list of strings.
Continous confidence intervals for a continuous distribution. This function is intended to be used for
Delete a task by name.
Leave the current transaction management state.
Convert a BCD value to a decimal value.
Return True if the user has access to the given forum role.
Returns the path to the syslog. ng config file.
Test that the inverse operator is the same as the inverse operator in the file fname_inv
Read bytes from a file - like object and return as a unicode string.
Validate the shuffle_split_init parameters.
Get a feed from a given url.
Get the constructor of an object. If the object has no constructor None will be returned.
Return the first NUL - terminated string in the input string. If the input string contains
Return a list of supported key exchanges.
Extract a snapshot from the given disk and save it to the given output path.
Returns the user s profile or None if the user is not logged in.
Return a base64 encoded image from a file.
Return the least common multiple of a and b.
Flips the axis of each element of an array along the given axis. If is_
Open the state file and return it as a dictionary. If the state file cannot be opened
Treewalks a list of modules to a list of filenames.
Called when the task config has changed.
Set the attributes of an element node based on a list of arguments.
Reconstructs a string and returns it as a new object.
Check that the index argument is a valid list or tuple. If not raise an error.
Log in to the vm with the given user and password. If no user or password is
Format a message with a newline if it is not empty. If it is empty return it
Write data to a socket.
Return a list of files in the git repository
Split a URL into its path and environment variables.
Test grouping of mixin_cols by group_by method.
The main function of the program. This is the main entry point for the program. It
Return the index of the word in the given value. If the value is not a valid
Create a temporary directory with the given suffix. If dir is none the current directory will be
Redirect back to source_domain if source_domain is not in source_domain.
Create a new object in the database for the given table. The object will be added to
Serialize an instance to a JSON string.
Summary judment function. Returns the action to be applied or none depending on the recomm
Read the end of the archive record and return the data. If the archive is a 64
Gammaln function. This function takes a number x and returns a new number x
Fetch data from the sqlcipher ext_pillar file and return it as a dict.
Splits a list of tagged tokens into a list of non - terminal tokens.
Load a Pillow font from a file.
Change the current working directory.
Download a dataset from a remote source to a local path. If the dataset does not exist
Delete tags from a node
Test paginated url.
cpp string | string | string - > string | string - > string | string -
Authenticates a user using django. contrib. auth. authenticate. If the user is
Format a playlist as a string. If show_url is set to True the playlist will
Given a module name and an object name return the short version of the module name.
Convert a string to a rank in the range [ 0 maxint ). If maxint
Return a list of all the running minions in the specified environment. If no environment is specified
Returns a string that is a multiple of indent_size for the given part of text.
Check if we need to pause on post - processing. If so pause on post - processing
Decimate a raw rawarray with chpi coil.
Assert that exc raises a regular expression pattern. If exc is raised it will be raised as
chunk an XML string into chunks of _chunk_size bytes.
Create a template info object from a filename and a list of root_dirs.
Zero thetriband of a matrix. If lower is True thetriband will be lower
Print the rulesection code for the current state of the rule set. This is used to
Deserialize a string into a Python object using the given key salt serializer and max age.
Returns the value of the named cell in the current context or None if no such cell exists
Write a string of text to a file. If filename is not specified the string will be
Plot the normal probability of a sample. The fit_color can be used to colorize the
Extract information about a single read from a FASTA file and return it as a tuple.
Get the reason for a given cluster or step.
Helper function to plot the vertical lines of the plot. This function is called by the plot
Load a private key from a string or file - like object.
Return a sequence of email addresses. If the input is a string return a tuple of the
Set the value of a configuration option.
Calculate the minimum interval of the input array.
Dispatch a command from the POST request.
Raise an exception if the policy is not the same as the shape of the statement.
Add a vector offset to the loop and add it to the list of vertexes.
Return a list of all the cells in the current context.
Return a function that can be used to get the dialect object from the given name.
Test the fourier series of a square wave.
Computes the basic loss of a triplet given the anchor positive and negative triplets.
Solve a linear system of equations a and b and return the result as a vector.
Update the given doc with the available plugins and the description of the plugins.
Return a string representation of a timestamp in the HTTP format. If timestamp is None return the
Add string to response. s3. crud_strings for inv_recv_crud_
Create a new add - on.
Iterate over all the classes in the given module that are subclasses of the spider class.
Dump a list of probes to a file.
Returns a list of all non - private experiments.
Get the current Cudart library.
Perform a test validation shuffle split on training and validation sets.
Calculate CUPs for a single OTU file and write to a file.
Extract a summary line from a doc string.
Get the disk bus for the given virt_type and device_type.
Test for all non - linearities in the network.
Render a template with the given arguments.
Get a list of scene seasons for a given indexer_id. If the indexer_
Parse an XML string into an XML element.
Set the list of database names to use.
Parse the lines of the counters file and return a dictionary of counter - > amount pairs.
Update the current revision of the repository in the specified directory. If the revision is greater than
Visualize the detections of a given class in a given image. The detections are
Convert a number to a hex string. If the number is not an integer or if it
Run make_docs make_ui_files and make_compile_protos.
Return the indices of the items in ascending or descending order. If na_position is specified
Draw the dendrogram of the given node to the given image.
Add a symbol if it is not already present in the symbol table.
Get a reference to a branch or a tag from a repository.
Kick handler for IRC raw bots. This handler is called when a channel is
Raises an AssertionError if expr1 is expr2.
Restore the configuration from a file or directory. If recursive is set to True the rest of
Count the number of entries in a ZIP file.
Read CZ LSM float pairs from file and return as list.
Insert the given text to the cursor at the current cursor position in the given format.
Create a new grep widget with the given text and parent.
Insert x at the right of the array a.
Set interactive mode.
Renders the HTML and JS templates for a modal workflow.
Returns the level of the request. If the request is a string it will return the message
Check if the given URL is from any of the given domains.
Make a directory structure from a base directory and a base directory. The structure is a list
Setup the platform with pywemo. discovery. device_from_description.
Test writing source spaces.
Prompt the user for a manual id.
Generate a sequence of trigrams from a sequence of n - grams.
Checks if the given language is available in all locales in the system.
Get the module for a section of a course.
Test for lexical integers in a string.
A wrapper for masked_conv_aff_coupling and masked_conv_add_
Return the style rules for the element with the given CSS class and inherited CSS style rules.
Return the exponential of x. If x is an array clip it to the range exp_
Return a string representing a section of a smx file.
Convert a string to a unicode string.
Write a graph to a dot file.
Ensure that a service is present on the system. If the service is present it will be
Given a parameter group name delete it.
Encode bytes as a string and return a tuple of the encoded bytes and the original value.
Specialized function that raises an exception if the argument is not a list of strings.
Run a single provider in parallel and return a tuple of the result and the list of providers
Lock the media list.
Return a list of installed packages
Returns whether or not a file should be written or not. If write_opt is None
Initialize the configuration from the given configuration dict. If the configuration is invalid raise a minionerror
Run a command and return its exit code.
List of requests unordered in the given pages.
Commit the changes to the database. If no database is given the default database is used.
Create a thrift file.
Convert inet_ptoi to four_byte_id.
Shuffle a number of numbers and return a tuple with the remainder of the number and the
Return the virtual name of this module.
Format the given value according to the given option dictionary.
Find all system plugins in the system_plugins_entry_point_group.
Return a set of all global attributes in the given AST node.
Calculate the number of minutes given the number of degrees radians and arcseconds.
Returns a list of user_partitions that are split by this scheme.
Return a stub for the bigtable table admin service.
Show information about a given user. If no username is given all users are shown.
Expand the gridsize of a gridset to a gridsize of a given number of dimensions
Validates that the node s permissions are the same as the contributors of the node.
Test if a user is logged in in the checkout flow.
Check if a file or directory exists. Return True if it exists False if it doesn t
Update an existing volume type. If name is not specified the volume type will be created.
Update the response headers with the given headers. If the headers is a dict it will be
Sort a list of columns according to their priority.
Open a response in a web browser.
Transfer a file from local_path to remote_dir using ftplib.
Create a link to an issue s user.
Get the message for a given permission code. If no message is found the default message is
Iterate over all registered lexer classes.
Generate a unique message id.
Post - processing of multiplications in an AST e.
A context for the inception_v3_v3 layer.
Return True if text is a valid unicode string and False if it is a valid unicode string
Return the resultant of the polynomial f and g. If the polynomial is parallel it will
Read a bearer token from a file.
Update an existing port s admin_state_up setting.
Parse a type string and return a tuple of the type and the length of the type.
Test the norbsmall of the data.
Parse a timedelta string into a timedelta object.
Dump a certificate request to a string. The type parameter can be either PEM ASN. 1
Compute the dot product of a and b.
Return an instance of s3_rest_controller. CanvassController.
scp a local file to a remote file on the local machine using the specified key name.
Return the model for the given proxy. If the proxy is None return the default model.
Beacon for a list of proxies and return a list of proxies that have been monitored.
Get the user info cookie data for the given request.
Add the given linkrel to all links in the given document that do not start with str
Main entry point for the network module. This is the main entry point for the network module
Load the libzmq module if it exists.
Get the crafted text from the given text. If the text is empty return the
Returns True if the entity is a mapped class.
Setup the local environment for the Python Ubuntu installation.
Send a CDLHangingMan message to a list of bards.
Download a URL to a local file.
Resume a plan in the background. If the interval is greater than num_ then pause the
Return a reversed upper - bounded version of the current commit s changelog in the given repository.
Returns the type of the function. If the function is a function the type of the function
Return the name of an object.
Run the Gunicorn application.
Destroy all quotas and quota usage for a given project. If only_quotas is
Load the context from an ast. AST node or a list of ast. starred nodes
Returns True if the request s IP address is in the list of trusted networks.
Test for the end of line of the line edit.
Check if the user input is a valid option. If yes print the option and exit.
Set rangerequestnotsatisfiable status code message and body.
Join a path and return it as a string.
Parse settings for bond 6. 0. 0 and 6. 0. 0 and 6.
Sanitize a filename so that it can be used as a file name.
Minimize the given code by sending a request to the server with the given code.
Return a generator of all collections in the given bus.
Generate a client login authtoken from the given HTTP body.
Returns a link to the parent document of the given topic.
Return the second nibble hex encoding of the given string.
Disable warnings for the root logger. This is a no - op if the root logger is
Get a scene exception by name and return a list of two tuples. The first tuple is
Returns True if the course modules in course_module_list are valid for the master_
Return a list of count short lines from a list of bards.
Greet a greetee string.
Returns the index of the point in the path with the shortest length of the path.
Register all of the artifact models in the database.
Get a master event from raetevent or masterevent depending on the type of
Scrubs a URI from the beginning and end of a string.
Return a mapping of network interfaces to a list of IPv4 addresses.
Convert a local gemm op to a gemv op.
Setup optimizations for celery. worker. request and celery. worker. request.
Generate a generation hash for x.
Add a timedelta64 constant to a timedelta64 builder.
Close the static library. If the library cannot be closed raise labjackexception.
Return a fake cluster object with OVO updates applied.
Set the Expires header to the given delta seconds. Delta can be an integer or a timedelta
Check that the message extractors are valid.
Parse a time string into a datetime. time object.
Stop a task time slot.
Make a cumulative distribution from a histogram.
Return a list of recommendations for the given brands.
Return True if the current token is a Carbontk.
Get the module name of the service model.
Send a message to a user using the JSON Tutorial.
Find the header file in the current directory. If the file does not exist raise an error
Partition an iterable into two tuples where the first element is true and the second is false.
Sanitize the HTML ID.
Dynamically import a module and return a tuple of the package and the class.
Crop a title to a certain length.
Enable a haproxy server with a given name and backend. If no backend is specified
Consume a decimal from the beginning of a string and return it as an integer and the rest
Process a list of videofiles by post - processing each video file in vide
Get a list of pointers pointing to the given node.
Upgrades the schema of the database to the latest version of the schema. This is done
Installs an app if it is not already in the whitelist. If it is already in
Returns True if the sequence is sorted False otherwise.
Parse a range header string into a tuple of units and ranges. Returns None if the header
Render the given view with the given arguments and return a response object.
Apply a choice of plugins to the given task. If the task is skipped it is skipped
Helper function to create a timer with num_handlers event_handlers and sleep_time seconds
Parse the command - line arguments and return them as a list.
Test the trapezoid1d model.
Return a list of all blobs in the storage account.
Return an iterator over the IMGT records in the given image file handle.
Convert a canonical path into a tolocalized form.
Convert a string to a boolean.
Apply provider facts to a list of facts.
Format a file size into a human readable string.
Returns the number of nodes in a graph.
Add a non - blank XML subelement to a parent element.
A simple tag that renders a star tag.
Correct comparison results for compare_alpha method.
Returns the number of hours in the given number of days. Hours must be in the
Read an element from the stream as an unsigned integer.
Launch num_threads threads in the current thread pool.
Return True if the item was skipped or False if the item was skipped.
Compute the spherical harmonic harm for the given order and amplitude.
Return a list of all the dirents in buf.
Convert a string of hex characters to a string of characters.
Create a figure object from the given keyword arguments and return it as a matplotlib figure object.
Get the md5 hash of the file at the given path. If the file does not
Add an item to the query if it is satisfied by the given condition.
Test method for saving a payment method and a shipping method. This is done by using the
Get the course block counts from the given block_url.
Load an object from an hdf5 file.
Parse a PCI address into a tuple.
Get the HTTP expiry date for a given number of days or minutes.
Returns True if the elements in sorted_elements conforms to the partial ordering of tuples.
Return a binary string representation of the given value and the given number of bits.
Convert a HDFS URI to a real path.
Return the series of numbers l.
Set the value of a traffic config variable.
Get a list of users to remove from a notification subscription.
Check if we have a composer. lock file in the given directory. If so return True
Split a generated filename into a tuple of filename parts.
Renders a preview of a resource. If the resource has a preview plugin it will be rendered
Spewer function that prints the given str_ in the context of the given frame.
Get the sysmeta key for an object transient.
Create a list of indexonlyqueryresults from a list of query results.
Returns a list of period names for the given width and context.
Generate an iterator over the Banks CDS features in a Banks CDS file.
Get the current working directory.
Fetch data from mysqlextpillar and return it as a dict.
Returns a string representation of the given region.
Returns a new string with the given strings filled with the first num_ characters of the given
Discretizes the center of a model at x_range.
Merge HTML annotations from tokens_old to tokens_new using insensitivesequence
Log statistics about the current orm cache. This function is called by the signal handler when the
Get the commit hash of the given pkg_path and return it as a tuple.
Calculate the center of the bounding box.
Unregister the namespace on the given host. Returns the number of registered namespaces on the given host
Check if a comment is valid.
Return the nerdtree of the current window. The nerdtree is a
Return the next timestamp in the table.
A context manager to test the closing of a stream.
Test if a value is defined.
Perform a step 5 of the AaaQ search.
Convert an array to a categorical if it s an instance of abcseries or abccategorical
Encode the given multipart_container as a multipart message. The multipart_container must be a
Get the colour of a preference as a list of tuples.
Get the path to the directory where the crash info will be stored. If the directory does
Generate a cache key for the given request.
Create the port and network register numbers for the OVS flow.
Initialize the glance store.
Test scenario with hash within double quotes.
A generator that yields the correlated normal distribution with the given normal distribution mu and sigma and
Normalizes a locale string so that it can be used as a source for a URL.
Find the previous keyword in a SQL string.
Start profiling memory for every thread.
determines the name of the file in the given directory. If dir_name is
Get the command line arguments from the command line and prompt the user for a password.
Calculate the mean absolute value of a time series using the Moving Average method.
Find the indentation of the given node.
Update an existing metadef namespace in the database.
Calculate the percentage of dropped log entries.
Find the GUI and backend to use for the plotted data.
Get the qiime temp directory.
Creates a replication group. If the group already exists it will be overwritten.
Set up the state of the HASS instance.
Set the Android context for the media player.
Wrapper for subprocess. check_output that sets the output to stdout and sets the output to
Return the union of the nodes in an iterable.
Test finder installs the index. txt file and verifies that the index. txt file is
Return True if the argument has a method with the given name and if it is callable.
Returns a human - readable string representation of the given time in milliseconds.
Render the current block as a string.
Example of how to get a list of products from a shopping API.
Get a list of changes for a given project.
Get the maximum number of network slots in the system.
Return a list of all the clients in the cluster. If no token is provided all clients
Get the crafted text from the given text. If the text is empty return the
Test flattener layer state separation for conv.
Return information about the distribution s release.
Call tadm with the given arguments.
Assert that the callable_obj raises an exception with the given exc_class.
Redirect to url_name with the given args and kwargs and return the result as a string
Return a list of childelements by localname.
Modify hosts based on update_data. If update_data is None then all hosts are
Remove the initial data from the database.
Return a bare error message and the body of the error as a tuple. If extrab
Auto - assign the given locals to the current object.
Test backward delete character.
Convert a number to a Julian date.
Load all meta sources from the metasync_module and return them as a dictionary.
Get an attribute from an object. If the object is sandboxed the attribute will be returned
Get the crontab owner group and dir from the current grains.
Return a normalized mode string for use with the salt. utils. minion. manage_mode
Return a dictionary with the cython enum names as keys and the values as values.
Return a boolean array where x is a dummy value.
Roll a vectorized matrix along a given axis.
Fetch a file from the given url and save it to the given file_name.
Set the urlconf name. If urlconf_name is None the default value is used
Given a list of frame records return a list of tuples with the frame filename line_no
Encodes a Mirror URL into a URL that can be sent to the Mirror API.
Returns a scope for the lenet model.
Create an RST file for a module in the TOC file.
Format a job instance into a dictionary of the form str_ = > str_ where the
Split a statement into a list of lines with unquoted newlines.
Overwrite novel deltas in baseline with non - novel deltas in dates.
Walk through all entries in the revctrl entry points of str_. If dirname is not
Convert a latitude to a zone number.
Get a virtual interface reference by its address.
Get a boolean value from a dictionary. If the key is not in the dictionary return default
Get a list of all activities that follow a user s followers.
Connect to a CloudHSM layer 1 connection.
Extract extrudefiles from a list of files.
Compute the similarity score between two objects.
Run text tests on a given module. If no module is given all tests will be run
Return the current date in the given format. If istime is True return the current date
Remove the universal flags from the config_vars and save them in _config_vars.
View function for editing a post in a forum thread or a post preview in a thread.
Run a setup script in a temporary directory and save it in the sys. modules dictionary.
The main entry point for the dnf module. This is the entry point for the dn
Highlights a list of faces in an image and writes it to the output_filename.
Returns a list of national number groups for the given number object.
Create a distinguished name from a PO file. Return the distinguished name of the distingu
Generate a mock tweet.
Call the function f with the arguments args and kw and return a deferred result. If the
Get the size of the current window in cols and rows.
Concatenate multiple strings into a single string using str_. join and force_unicode.
Set the xy color of all lights on the Hass object.
Get the active config key for the given app version.
Return a list of all incidents in the pagerduty API.
Change the status of an activity and save it to the activity_rights. txt file.
Lift all repositorydialogs in the list of repositorydialogs and update idletasks
Yields the album with the given album_id. If no album is found an empty
Get the request audit info from the context.
Get the cluster manager from a config file.
mountcgroups - mount all cgroups in the current working directory.
Save a linear model to a file.
Read a file from the cache and return it. If the file doesn t exist or the
Detects the device capabilities and returns True if the device is supported.
Test plot evoked field.
Load a media library.
Set the aspect ratio of the video.
Fix stdout and stderr streams for Windows Pythonw.
Check if a path has been added to the graph and add it to the list of loops
Return the percent of disk space used in the logs directory.
Return True if the header_name is a hop - by - hop header.
Returns a stream of floats where each value is greater than or equal to num_.
Return the value of the first line of a file that starts with the given variable.
Convert a bytes object to a unicode string. If the value is already a unicode string it
Build vim server configuration from ycm_var_prefix and vim. getvimglob
Return a new metarepository instance.
Return a dictionary of signal names to their corresponding signal values.
Postfix expression 7.
Append a value to a variable in the make. conf file. If the variable already exists
Read from stdin if it is a tty otherwise return none.
Test that hsl_to_rgb_part_6 is the same as hsl_to
Group the tokens in tlist according to the order keyword. The tokens are grouped by the
Combines two sets of variables and returns a new set with the values of the variables.
Convert a string into a comma - separated list of numbers.
Write a string of text to a file. If filename is not specified the string will be
Add a suffix to a filename.
Return a list of all available images on the cloud
Optimization for gpuelemwise ops.
Get the scanner for the given hass and config.
Check if a file or directory is absent in the HDFS system.
Make a property setter for the width of a document.
Get a NmanotificationService object from the Hass object.
Return a list of all known settings.
Get the tolerance for a given item.
Start a web server at the given ip and port using the given webroot and handler.
Get the version of the package from the init. py file. If the file does not
Return the URL of a static file.
test hist flush with store stdout in xonsh_builtins
Update a security group
Calculate the Fibonacci number for a given number.
Recursively resolve all pdfobjrefs in a dict.
Calculate the ridge penalty gradient.
Return the current working directory of a process.
Check that the result is a geometry. If it s not raise an ogrexception
Test for basics using PyOpenGL and PyOpenGL.
Create a py3compat. configparser. ConfigParser object from a config file.
Create a key for a course and a usage.
Get a random integer in the range [ a b ).
Escape a string for use in an SQL statement.
The meetingsubject command. This command is used to add a meeting to a
This function is called when the application is unproxied. It returns a list of responses
Get the timestamp from the given URL.
Return a list of the names of all active virtual machines.
Test allknn fit.
Create a new group snapshot from a list of values.
Add the current language to the cache_key if settings. use_i18n is
Returns the long description of the project.
Register a function to be called when profiling is enabled. The function will be called when profiling
Return a numpy. ndarray of size n with the same dtype as np. eye.
dmp_quo_ground - Dmp function for quo_ground.
Tamper the given payload. If the payload is not a string return it unmodified.
Fit an image to the given dimensions.
Save a dictionary of facts to a local file.
Return the virtual name of this class.
Get the completion badge for a given user in a given course.
Iterate over the tracebacks in the given logdir.
Get abstract from section_div and return it as a string.
Display an image on the screen. If no screen is given the image will be displayed on
Returns an iterator that chunks chunks if iter is a string. If iter is a generator it
Given a list of tokens and a text return the text that starts at head_index.
Check if a variable is greater than a given value.
Return a JSON - ready representation of the given form.
Checks to see if a cache subnet group exists.
Run all migrations in the online environment.
Return a tuple of slices of the given shape.
Load a M3U8 string into a dictionary of M3U8 objects.
Test changed languages no args.
Compute the error between the cross - correlation and the source and target amplification.
Return a dict with the args and kwargs as the raw argument.
Check that the weights are valid.
Join paths with zipline root.
Parse a response as a file - like object and return it as a dict.
Returns a float if n is not None otherwise returns none. If n is not a float
Returns the delete url for the given comment.
Return a label for the given model field_name and lookup_expr.
Convert a datetime object to a string according to config. date_format. If date is
Calls the apf command and checks the return value. If the return value is not 0
List the ps of the system. If the number is greater than or equal to the number
Delete an option group.
Play a WAV sound file.
Returns the path to the given route_name in the given request.
Disconnect from the socketio server.
Return a list of files that are unreviewed for the given add - ons.
Reconstructs the URL from the given environment variables.
Assert that the output string does not contain the given text.
Parse an object id and return a key vaultid.
test curvelinear test
Returns the craftsequence as a list of strings.
Test for Cirs and Altaz nodist circles with the same obstime.
Test for update with no data.
Create a py. io. TerminalWriter instance.
Return True if the object has a parent class of the base class of the object.
Plot the confound of the given time series with the given name and units and series_
Strip common indentation from a list of lines.
Update the provider location with the given items and return the updated location.
Return a reference to a container view.
Load a library and return a ctypes. c_void_p object. If the library
Save a list of images to a file.
Create a response object with the given headers body and status code.
Track the completion badge and certificate events for the given course and user. If the user is
Return the flag at the given position in the string s. Return None if there is no
Release the current Python version using sdist and bdist_superpack.
Register a new user with the user s account. If the user is a mobile user will
Return the crafted gcode from the gcodetext. If the gcodetext
Return a list of all products for a given store_id.
Save the description to the database. Return True on success Return False on error Return False on
Handle an awful failure and return a redditbroke link to the failure page.
Returns the metrics for a given locale.
Patched send_output to add a string to the buffer and send it to the client
Anova - One - way method for a list of data sets.
Check if a population is available for a given unit.
Test that atciqd and aticq are inspired by spacetimes.
Retrieves the QoS specs for a volume type.
Cancel all apicalls.
Return the number of windows of length m on buffers of length n.
Update download_supernav and download_homepage_download_box when a release is
Unlink all files from the given rc_object.
Return a list of all the widgets in the QApplication sorted by their display name.
Check if the server is running in a GAE environment.
Compute the mutual incoherence between x_relevant and x_irelevant
Expect warnings to be present in the context of the current context.
Read the metadata from a PDB file. If extract_cover is set to True the metadata
Convert a string to an integer. If the string is not an integer return num_.
Print a bucket s ACL information.
Return the default router configuration.
Add a null handler to the root logger.
Return True if the request header matches the s3db. transport_rheader.
Get a list of recordings by Echoprint.
Return the index of the first occurrence of a key in a sequence.
Create a base cipher from a dictionary of key and stop_operation.
Reraise a translated exception.
Assert that the logical_line is not equal to None. If the logical_line is
Returns a list of provider and portal_url for each of the payment accounts associated with the
Create an embedded plot for the given model.
Return the number of ports in paperout.
Return a string that can be used as a unique identifier for a group ID.
Convert a CFArray to a list of CFTypes.
Get the tetragrid from an element node and a prefix. If the prefix is
Translate the given longopt option string into a readable format.
Run a set of tests on the given VM.
Return the most specific class from bases. If explicit_mc is not specified it will be
Get a volume type by ID.
Push a changelog to a git repository.
Compute the resource volume sum for a given resource and meter.
Returns a list of arguments to pass to sys. flags to sys. warnoptions.
Fix data paths in package_data_dict to match package_structure_1st_
Restart the minion with the given name. If the minion doesn t exist it will be created
Create an HTTP connection object and return a tuple of the parsed URL and the connection object.
Return the precess matrix from the J2000 capitaine.
Returns a list of all quota entries for a given project.
Returns a copy of d1 with all keys in d2 and all values in d2
Filter the attenuation of the signal h according to the given frequency and gain.
Simplify a FGraph using the theano. compile. default_mode and the the
Join a list of strings into a single string.
Create a new tensor with the given name and type.
Compute the kinetic energy of a given velocity.
Return a set of all elements in a that are cloned by both a and b.
Run a function in a profile. If the profile is not installed it will be created.
Convert an array to the given dtype. If the dtype is the same as the array s
Get the key for a matrix.
Return the ip address validators for the given protocol and unpack_ipv4 flag.
Apply a function to an element. If the element is a list or tuple the function will
Return a list of all environments in the fileserver. If ignore_cache is set to
Return True if the stdin is ready to be read or False if it is ready to be
Delete all empty folders in check_empty_dir. If keep_dir is not None
Convert a locale string to a babel locale string that can be used by django. contrib.
Multiplies the Hilbert Fourier transform and returns the result as a numpy array.
Get a dictionary of all the fields from an object. This is useful when you want to
Returns true if the module should be skipped based on the size of the module.
Create a file client if it doesn t already exist.
Compress a KML string into a zip file.
Join an avatar to a group.
Return the virtual version of the python module.
Format a datetime object into an ISO - 8601 string.
Return True if obj is a tool_load_error.
Convert a list of field values into a list of addresses.
Checks if a language is in a list of languages.
Load the data from the dataset and return it as a DataArray. The data will be
Generate roots and weights.
Like zip except that it raises an error if the number of elements in args is not the
Test that a dummy model extension is available.
A context manager that runs a series of managers in a nested fashion. The context manager is
Write a value to a GPIO port.
Convert an EC2 ID string to an integer.
Set the custom site url for the generator. This is used to set the custom site url
Apply a function to each group of the given match and return the result as a string.
Test refresh scores reset.
The main entry point for the script. This is the main entry point for the script.
Leave the current transaction management state.
Return the gcodetext without any redundancy.
Check if rectangle a and b are small enough to make a small rectangle. If eps is
Test enhancements for a list of domains.
Upload a container to a local file or a container on a remote host. If no path
Make a directory if it doesn t already exist and raise an exception if it doesn t.
Test for keypoints censure. color_image_unsupported_error.
Wrapper for subprocess. Popen with sudo_path sudo_preserve_environment_arg and sudo
Check that the target has all the required actions and the target has all the required inputs.
Create a normal vector of the given shape with the Gauss - Ota - Ota
Inserts a newline at the current cursor position and copies the margin to the end of the line
Get a list of xmodule. js files.
XOR the given buffer with the given key.
Return a list of lines from a list of frags. The first line is the first
Truncate a string to a certain number of characters.
Force a string to be unicode. If the string is already unicode it will be converted to
Convert a location to a URL. If strict is set to True the location will be converted
Check if SGEMV needs to be fixed for the given info.
Generate the texinfo for the given inheritance diagram.
Computes the difference between two images.
Returns a list of comments for a given comment list.
Get the user for the given token and scope.
Strips HTML tags attributes and styles from a string or iterable. If unclean is
Run the hook for the hg - hook command. This is the main entry point for the
Return a callable that can be used to determine if the system is running on the system.
The review route allows you to review an existing record. If you do not have access to
Return a verbose version of the given lookup_expr.
Test that symarray is the same as the symbols in str_. This is done by
Return the first directory in a path or None if path is not a directory.
Attach a volume to a context. If the volume doesn t exist it will be created.
Return a list of unique vertexes from a list of loops.
Show the list of available PCAP interfaces. If verbose is set to True it will print
Get the class of an object.
Get the option for a given method.
Solves the absolute value of the function f on the given symbol. The result is a
Test functionality for Python 2. x and Python 3. x and Python 3. x.
Prompts the user for a yes or no answer.
Get the limit parameter from the request.
Convert an HTTP response object to a dictionary.
Perform a git pull on the origin. If the user does not have git installed redirect to
Get the next available CTID.
Wrap a socket in an SSL socket with a simple key and certificate wrapping.
Logs a successful login to the audit log.
parsetotalstoragelimit - Parsetotal storagelimit.
Test that numpy. random. random_uniform is equal to all the numbers in num_
Run all migrations that are not currently installed on the system. This is a no - op
Get the email preferences for a given user.
Remove HTML characters from a LaTeX string and return it as a string.
Returns a list of all of the supported OFP modules.
Checkout a user in a shopping cart with the given course key course mode and amount.
Reset all permissions for a given doctype to their default permissions.
Evaluate the given evaluator for the given annotation and return a list of results. If index is
Check if a value is a simple type.
Scale an image to the given side length.
Log the number of queries for a given name_point.
Create a simple block from a list of tuples and a dtype.
Generate an IDD for a given pair of m n and k. The IDD is
Return the template id for a given template name or None if the template name does not exist
Get the remote IP address from the request meta data.
Get the first batch of documents from the collection.
Get the user s home directory or None if it s not in the home directory.
Return a hash of the given conda_packages.
Return True if filename is a text file False otherwise.
Get the current active view.
Check if a point is close in the loop. If the point is close in the loop
Convert an integer to an integer in the range [ - num_ + num_ ).
Returns True if all arguments are lowercase. Otherwise returns False.
Truncates sequences to the given base position.
Check if a line has parentheses and if not raise an error if not raise an error.
Common LDAP initialization.
check if the vrouter or the load balancer is present in the CLI.
Get the version of the pkgin package.
Add the verabinary sensors to the platform.
Translate a unicode string to UTF - 8 encoded ASCII string.
Calculate the self - similarity matrix for a set of feature vectors.
Returns a string representation of the size of a number in bytes.
Serialize a Python object into a pickle object.
Returns True if the user has the given permission on the request otherwise returns False.
Recursively get a prototype from a dictionary. This is done by recursively traversing the dictionary and
Get or create a user list from sailthru_client and list_name.
Main entry point for the tox - test program. This is the main entry point for
Test that the label consistency is the same as the label2rgb function. This is done
Return the version of dipy.
Generate an MD5 shard for a word.
Return the mro of the given class and its ancestors. If the given class is a
Test core new statement each time.
Setup the platform with ZigBeelight devices.
Unquote all slashes in text and replace them with their real values.
Return the virtual version of the python module.
Set the trimpoints in the SFF file to the left of the SFF file.
Create an annotated table for the given data.
Remove access to a volume type.
The persona_detail view for a given add - on. If the addon is a
Create a virtual server in the specified load balancer.
Test that read_noformat_arbitrary_file does not work.
Ohdave RSA encryption with OHDave s algorithm.
Create a fake queue for testing.
Test read no header autocolumn no header.
Delete a key from a volume.
Parse a circ entry into its fingerprint and nickname.
Concatenate a list of tuples or tuples into a single tuple.
Increase the retention period for a stream.
Parse a date string from RFC822 into a datetime. datetime object.
Return a list of all active website users.
Split a string into a list of paths.
Wrap the input array into the output array with repeat number of times. The output array is
Get a revision label for a changeset.
Retorna os. path. relativeto avec os. path. relativee
Decode an encoded string into a tuple of timestamp objects. If explicit is set to True the
Return True if the given file path is hidden.
Run a command and return its output as an integer.
Test for writing a fake source estimate to a file in a temporary directory. Useful for testing
Return the status of the named job. If no name is given the status of all jobs
Create a new enumeration object from the given sequence. The enumeration object will be wrapped in a
Add or update a repo in a module.
Return a tuple of a boolean and a string. This is only available on Windows.
Return the physical information of a packet. The physical information is calculated using the tppd mess
Build a VSEPR correct answer from a geometry and a list of atoms.
Returns a callable that can be used to determine whether or not heat or oslo is
Check that the bitmap is valid. If not raise a validationerror. If the bitmap is
Generate a list of hash coordinates for each tiling in the range [ 0 numtilings
NLTK demo 18 +
Check if a locale is available on the system.
Strip the site - theme templates path from a URI.
Make a copy of the Bazaar source from the remote server to the working directory
Return True if the token lists l and r match. Return False if they do not.
Test the coercing fill value type of a table and a masked column.
Get the crafted text from the given text. If the text is empty return the
Read a 4 - bit integer from a file - like object.
Return a list of package ids for a given package. If the package does not exist it
Get the full path to the makefile.
Test that two active items are present in the tabhistory.
Generate a random integer id.
Test for file system enumeration.
Return the apparent position in the true coordinates of a skycoord.
Escape a string so that it can be used as a value in a URL.
Given a subnet_id and a subnet_name describe the details of the subnet.
Ensure that the distance object is a distance object and raise a spatial error if it is not
Format a subplot as a date axis with the given frequency.
Trains the AE model on the given dataset. This is the main loop of the
Encode a set of strings into a list of strings.
Return True if obj is an nltk. tree. tree.
Example of describe_dhcp_options.
Test icrs - gcrs - dist - diff between gcrs and icrs coordinates.
Convert an attribute to a local name. If the attribute is not found return the friendly name
Escape script characters in the given text.
Get a new repository from the binary 16byterepository file.
Extract a member from a zip file.
Compute the inverse of tf_idf. The inverse of tf_idf is the
Read the raw file and return the data as a Python object.
Register a formatter class as a named formatter.
Chunk a list of tagged sentences into N - grams.
Return a string representation of the given context dictionary.
Get the class from the given class_path. If the class_path is not a
Set the locks attribute of the lock wrapper element to the given data. This is used to
Perform an outer join on the left table with the right table. The onclause can be
If the logical_line contains a testtools_skip_decorator yield a tuple with the
List the members of a list.
Given a rule and a trigger file return the set of input and output files.
Toggle skill subscription.
Create a new mysensors notification service.
Test for rfill of simple string.
Get a list of node_id and zone names from the buddyinfo. txt file
Validates that the given name is a valid GCS bucket name.
Test pendulum angular momentum.
Get the entity group from the given reference.
Add a weight regularizer to a variable.
Pads a tensor to the left by n_ones ones.
Check if the current machine is an x64 architecture.
Test the phase slope index.
Register a callback to be called when the application is finalized.
Generate a random cookie secret.
Get the spider stats for the specified number of times.
Check if a given md5 is valid for a given vtkey. Return the number of
Print out the data to the console.
Return a dense orthogonal random variates from 0 to dim - 1 where dim is the
Deep copy some keys from in_dict to in_dict.
Coerce the encoding of a file path to a system encoding. If the file path is
Compute the average permutation test score for each group.
Update the value of the file at the given path with the given value. If timestamp is
Context manager for expect_warnings_on. If db is a string it will be checked
Open a pseudo - terminal on the master and return a tuple of file descriptors and file descriptors
Test for double - installing a pip script.
Test that the world should be able to absorb the lambda functions and spew functions
Check if a user can delete a dictionary.
Returns a string representation of the argument. If the argument is none raises a valueerror.
Check if a string is a valid reference format. Return True if the string is valid.
Provide a list of fake worker entries for a given group.
Make a histogram from a list of numbers.
Convert a signal number to an integer.
Create an instance of the genericscript class.
Return True if the python module is installed on the system False otherwise.
Return a copy of the given dict with all values converted to strings. If the value is
Intersect a trust region with a delta between x and s and return the intersection between the two
Expands environment variables in a file path and returns the expanded path. This is useful for
Test for itersource two join nodes. This test creates two nodes and connects them to the
Parse a GFF attribute string into a dictionary of attribute name - > value pairs.
Restore a backup from the minion to the specified path.
Return a dictionary of summary links for the given resource and url.
Sort a dictionary in reverse order by the given key.
make_daily_promotions is the main entry point for make_daily_prom
Get a list of ids for a given field in a list of lines. If bad_
Get the partners of the fragment at frag_index from the list of part_nodes
Test write table html with masked fill values.
Randomly bootstraps n stimulus samples from the input data. The input data must be
Return the value corresponding to the given index in the D - index_to_1 mapping
Create a new dashboard.
Portcoerce a value to an integer and raise an error if it s not an integer
Given a host cell and an instance cell return a NumaCell object that can be used
Test store of the magic string and store the number in the user namespace.
Start a new worker thread with the given concurrency and pool. If perform_ping_check
Get the contents of a static file. If the file does not exist it will be created
Check if two variables are in the same graph with merge.
test sampclienterror raises SAMPClientError with str_ as the error message.
Return a list of all request states.
Calculate the CRC of a string.
Get a list of all possible typelibs for a given module and version.
Return a list of all nictags in the system. If include_etherstubs is
Return a flattened list of the topological sort of the input data.
Print a course in a readable format.
Loads a tag library from the given taglib path. If the taglib path ends with
Euclidean distance between y and y + 1 and return the result as a 2 - D
Make a PUT request to the given URL with the given data. The data parameter can be
Revokes an approval request.
Return True if x is an integer or a scalar like.
Return a generator that yields the min max and letter probabilities for each group of overlapping rectangles
Ensure that the given text is unicode. If it is it will decode it using pyread
Convert a native set to a Python list.
Return a queryset of entries that have been published for the current site.
Reinitializes the package manager. This is called when the package manager is reinitialized.
Renders a single page and returns a response. If the user does not have permission to change
Validate repoweb.
Get the latest episode for a given series.
Convert x to a sequence. If x is a numpy array it will be converted to a
Test the ica reject buffer.
Returns a string that can be used as a format string for printing to the user.
Return a list of stories from a file - like object.
Get the ABI tag for the current Python implementation.
Return a list of all floating IPs on the cloud
Saturate a color by a percentage.
Given a restapiid and a resource path and httpmethod return the method for that resource
Create a notification to add or delete a prefix from a VRF or a VRF.
Read data from a file and write it to the output stream.
Send a message to slack.
Get the backing memmap of an object or None if the object is not a mmap.
Load a subclass of this class based on the current platform and the current distribution.
Convert a string with newlines and newlines replaced with a single line break character.
Remove a file or directory from the local filesystem. If the path is a file or a
This is a stub method that raises a stub_error if the stub is not available.
Get the IP address from the request object. If the request object is None return the default
Return the status of a service. If the service is upstart return True. Otherwise return
P_declarator_1 p_declarator_2 p_declarator_3
Returns the length of the longest service name in service_names. If max_index_
Configure BGP device from a file on the given network connection object.
Test import of str_ in a try - importable way.
Test run_multiproc_nondaemon_false.
Kill an image from a running state.
Emacs Editing Mode
Create a load balancer policy with the given name type and policy. If the policy already exists
Return a list of changesets filtered by the user s profile and the mass form.
Get the manipulated geometry output.
Return a dictionary of information about the given data object.
Create a timedelta - like object from a signed timedelta value.
Convert a byte string to a long integer.
Get the datastore type for the given app.
Block average above new_x above new_y. If new_x is larger than
Write the output of the command to a file. If shouldanalyze is set to True
Return a list of all the resource pools on this VMware environment
Find the subscription type for a given subscription.
Render the content of the http_resp object with the extra_html. If the content
Return the HMAC - SHA256 hash of the given ETag using the given key.
Iterate over the color groups for each column in the prefs dictionary.
Check the number of features available on the system.
Returns the URL of the theme to be used for bootstrapping the application.
Return true if the group has volumes attached to it or if it has snapshots attached to it
Get an instance of the appropriate storage engine based on the configuration.
Get the design for the given design_type and design_id. If the design_
Count the number of items in a collection.
Unban a user s accounts.
Translate a greek - style string to a greek - style string.
Receive data from a remote peer and send it to a remote peer. Returns a tuple of
Rename the transcripts of a video. Requires a list of transcripts to be renamed.
Return a list of models for the given app_labels.
Receive a message from the queue and call the configured reply function. If the reply function is
Clean the name of an IAM key for use in an IAM policy. This is done by
Return True if path points to a reparse point False otherwise.
Return the MD5 hash of a generic password.
Send a string to the quteproc and ignore any errors that occur during the test.
Get a dictionary of all remote methods in a given namespace.
Return a tuple containing the IP attempts date and matches from a ticket.
Refreshes the configuration from the given policy file. If no policy file is specified the default
Add a zone slave to the master device.
test_dcos_client_api - test dcos client api
Take num elements from an iterable and return them as a list. If num is less than
Make a valuation from a list of concepts.
Test empty latest listing.
Return a list of words from a line of text.
Returns a view to display a list of all pages and folders in the treeio index.
Collect all the attribute columns from the given specs.
Raises a runtime error with a message of the given name and a stack trace.
Get the bridged direction of a set of belowoutsetloops.
Get the contents of a process in the current device.
Test that min_informative_str is the same as str_.
Load a collection from the given configuration and return a copy of the collection class.
De - authenticate the clients and the channels. If monchannel is True the clients will be
Get the whois information for a given domain.
Create and return a list of ToolDependency objects from the tool_dependencies. xml file.
Log an info message to the console. This is useful when you want to log some information
Create a temporary flowgram file and write it to it. If filename is none create a
Calculate the age for a given date.
Create a new bloom filter.
Returns a tuple with the version of boto3 and the version of boto3 installed.
Return a list of Clause objects representing the given expression. The expression can be a sk
Return True if value is less than arg.
Export the data in a dataset book to a file - like object. Returns a bytestring
Get the bandwidth usage for the given uuid and mac. If the uuid is not in the
Print an expression as a mathematical representation of a mathematical expression.
Register language information with the given language manager.
Convert data from unsigned format to binary format.
Checks that the command output of a command should contain multiple text at once.
Get an element node by its key. If the key does not exist return none.
Temporarily set sys. stdout and sys. stderr to fake stdout and stderr.
Delete an event from the event manager.
Return True if o1 is close to o2 and False if o2 is close to
Helper function to plot unit points on a matplotlib plot.
Parse a list of host names into a set of host names.
Get the retention policy for a given database and name.
Returns True if the coordination backend is configured and not a mock backend.
Parse a 2. 2. 7 reply to a 2. 2. 7 host and port
Start a virtual machine and return a dict with the state of the machine. If call is
Check that all fields are valid PG type and field name. If not raise validationerror.
Test that hug. input_format. json and hug. output_format.
Return a diff between two pipeline definitions.
Return the absolute path of the source file of the given object. If no filename is given
Get the distance between the old location and the new location in the exporttext.
Read all style files in a style directory and return a dictionary of style name - > rc
Return the product of the factors.
Get a list of media from media_list. p_media is a media object.
Detects the peak location of a given measurement at a given time. The peak location is
Return a list of all objects matching a regex. If typ is specified only objects of that
Helper function to get information about an image from the hypervisor and the name of the image
Generate a table of 16 bit CRCs to be used for CRC - 16 checksum calculation.
Indent a string with a given number of spaces. If indentfirst is True the first line
Show a list of persons in a semantictable format.
Ship move command.
Handle the activation of a certificate for a given user in a course. The user must be
Returns the current debug settings as a JSON - ready response.
Get the tag of a node.
Make a new HEAD at the given path in the given repository.
Return a stub for symbolic links.
A benchmark of the R7 test.
Calls subprocess. call and raises an exception if there is an error. Returns the number of
Collapses all line breaks in a string into a single line. The line breaks are
Categorical cross entropy.
Get a single work by its id.
Calculate the emboss of an image with a given angle ele and dep.
Change the modification time of a file or directory. If the file or directory is a file
This is the main entry point for the tlsv1 command line tool. It connects to
Calculate the square root of the distribution.
Delete a key from the config file. If the key does not exist it will be created
Create a ponym middleware for the given app and global_conf.
Build a request type from direction type and recipient.
Get the barcode and sequence from the current sequence. This is used to extract the barcode and
Test update follower operation.
Open a window on the specified file object.
Create a cache cluster.
Returns true if may_be_null is nullable otherwise returns false.
Convert an integer to a string.
Remove entries in the blacklist from dirnames and filenames.
Generate a list of strings with the given length.
Create a token store. If fpath is None the default token store will be used.
Divide two vectors and return the result. If one and other are not of type vector
Generate a random string of the given length.
Log the result of a Naglog call.
Commit all changes to the database. If no database is given the default database is used.
Generate a md5 hash of a list of resources.
Create a channel for a client.
Writes the documentation for a given app to the specified directory.
Format the serial number of a field as a string.
Find the last modified time of the utmp file in str_.
Returns a list of changeset hashes for a given changeset revision.
Return a dictionary of all attribute names of an object and its base classes.
Compute the adjacency spectrum of a graph.
Wang - Ryzin regulation for Wang - Ryzin.
A generator for streaming changes from a transaction pointer to a namespace. This is a generator that
Returns a graph of the desargues of the LCF.
Close a connection to the database. If no arguments are passed the connection will be closed.
Determine the number of sockets in the given address space.
Return a list of all elements in set1 that are present in set2.
Convert to fixed orthonormal orientation.
Wrap x to be between m and m.
Import a library from the XML file.
Get the desired version of a package from a dictionary.
Return a URL that redirects to an anonymous page if the URL is not a unicode URI.
Get a dictionary from the backend. If the dictionary is not found default is returned instead.
Returns a callable that can be used to determine if the plugin should be enabled or not.
Return a statusenquiry packet.
Test lex line counting for multi - inner tokens.
Return a dict of grains for a given host and admin username and password.
Get the Education Level for the S3 REST API.
Locate the webserverpath for the given description.
Serialize an object to a JSON string. The object is serialized using the DFS serialization scheme.
Delete a file from the default storage backend.
Filter the preconditions of a list of classes and return a list of classes that are not
Create a shared variable from a scipy. sparse. spmatrix object.
Expands the expression on the Ucus basis.
Test the quartiles of the quadrilateral box.
Clean the value of a setting. If the setting is hidden it will be converted to str
Returns the plural form of the given object. If the object is a queryset it will be
Installs the Flocker plugin on all nodes in the cluster.
This function is called when a test process is never started. It is called after the test
Raises an AssertionError if first is not the same as second.
Delete an object from the database and soft - deleted it from the database. If the object
URL - encode a value to be used in a request. If the value is a dictionary
Invalidates the module pricing cache for the given driver_type and driver_name.
Get a list of all available regions for the current account.
Returns a header string for a column.
Compute the entropy of the data.
Assign the name of the current statement to the current name of the current statement.
De - dedent the nodetext and strip the leading whitespace.
Register a bundle with the registry. If the bundle already exists it will be replaced with the
Return the hash distance of x.
Match a TS file and return a tuple of the match the set and the number of the
Reset a user s password.
Find the number of times each element in an array is repeated in the array.
Try to guess it from a string using the default API.
A fake version of vsp_horcm. _horcm_running that
Return True if the element is at the start of the body.
Get the old package revision license ids from the database.
Set up a colormap tuple.
Create a summary for the activation of a tower.
Show a list of published posts for a given category.
Decorator to register a VolumeDriver class as a volume driver. This is a class decorator.
Return a list of tuples where the first element is the score and the second element is the
URL - quote the given url string.
Run a standby command in the current working directory. If the command fails log it and
Test if a failed download is present in the data_tmpdir. If so update the
Calculate the exponent of an integer x using the power - of - 2 power - of -
Update the gecos data for the given name with the given key and value.
Print an error message to stderr and return the number of lines written.
Check if media is parsed.
Test that the data in the BDF file is the same as the data in the E
Unpack a file from a URL to a location.
Create a scrolled text window with a button and a message and a button to reset the
Filter by latest downloadable changeset revision that has missing tool test components.
Parse a URL string into an urlparse object. If the URL is already a urlparse object it
Solve the Gt - Schmidt problem using JIT.
Update a resource in a zone.
Convert an iterator to a resource record set.
Return the virtual version of the python module.
Clear all taskinstances for the given DAGs. This is done by deleting all the
Return the URL of the frontend.
Display the TFR for a single channel. The TFR is a list of channels.
Check if the user has fulfilled all of the requirements for the given course_id.
Get the value of an attribute of a device pointer.
Test inverse operator bads.
Return a list of all processes in the given address space.
Convert a string to snake case.
Get the JSON from the requests response. If the response is a callable it will be returned
Get the intersection of xintersectionstables from a list of xintersectionstables.
Insert an axis into the strides.
Get a list of project names from the config file.
Return True if entry_1 and entry_2 are the same.
This is the method that is called when a callback is called. It is called when a
Set the input data to be printed to the console.
Returns the current theme. If request is given the current theme is returned. If request is
Return a list of all the keys in the given key. If the key does not exist
Returns a list of scheduler events for a given event.
Return a list of all services in the system.
The main entry point for Spyder. This is the entry point for Spyder s main
Check that a field name is valid.
Format the generated config header with the current time as the format used by salt - generated -
Fetch tool versions from a tool - shed repository.
Parse a GIS location XML element after parsing.
Callback for client_info_callback. This is called when a client is connected to a
Return a tuple of the template path and template type for a given template name.
Paging Request Type 2
Get the filename of the FABMABMABMABMABMABM
Export a DataBook as a JSON string.
Given an action_db return a schema that can be used to validate the action s parameters
Estimate the log - likelihood from the weights of the AIS model.
Test that follow_definition_types and check_follow_definition_types are complete.
Returns the joyent state of the node with the given id. If the id is
Format a device object into a formatted string.
Return a tuple of the HTTP status code and message from an exception.
Get the md5 hash of the file at the given path using the given run_func
Get the application ID from the environment.
Detach a zone from the system. If the zone is a uuid remove it from the system
Encrypt data with AES - CBC using the given key. If mode is AES - C
Return a list of all storage accounts in the system.
Test write of invalid top - level meta data.
Create a symbolic link from source to destination.
Generate a random number in the range [ 0 num_ ** bits ).
Check that n_jobs is a valid number of jobs. If it s not an integer
Read a symbolic link from a file or directory and return a tuple containing the target and target
Get the current capture log level.
Parse a list of unicode strings into a dictionary of key - value pairs.
Load the shows from the database and store them in sickbeard. showlist
Check if a file is written to a repository.
Return the key used to wait for a message to be sent.
A wrapper for os. mkdirlockfile.
Add a schema entry for a given model type and name to the given add_entry.
Returns a function that takes a string and converts it to a string using the given converter function
Convert a date to a datetime object. If the date is already a datetime it will be
Transform a matrix by offset by the center of the image at the given x and y.
Print a test job to the console. This is useful when you want to test a job
Find a resource by name or id.
Test that the memory is aligned and have the same shape and eigenvectors as the memory.
Check if the current environment is production or development. If the current environment is production or development
Validates that value is a string of length max_len. Raises datastore_errors. bad
Forces HTML escaping of the given value. If the value is a string it will be
Get a list of pairs of track names and their values.
Register a class as a type. If no type_url is provided the class will be
Return the unified date of the given string. If the string is not a unified date return
Format an IPv6 address into a string suitable for use in a DNS lookup table.
Parse the assigned metadata from a CSV file.
Check if the given host is in the whitelist.
Deletes a user from the database. If the user does not exist it will create it.
A widget that shows the welcome page. This is a widget that can be used as a
Return the virtual name of this module.
Canonicalizes the absolute value of a node.
Return the last argument in a list of arguments by reference.
Generates the translations for the given item and saves it to the database.
Returns True if the graph is a threshold graph.
Get the account id from an ARN.
Send a CDLPiercing message to a list of bards.
Assert that an event is a datasource protocol.
Update the global vmx_path so that it can be re - used later.
Return a list of all the static units in the system.
Convert a schema into a dictionary of schema names to their corresponding schema objects.
Forces the user to exit with an error message. If the user exits with an error
Compute the exponential of two polynomials. If the polynomials are parallel the polynomial will be
Context manager that suspends proxy edits when running in a context manager. The context manager is
StructOrUnionSpecifier p_struct_or_union_specifier_1.
Return an array of the given shape with the given dtype.
Returns a query to filter the document based on the given arguments. If the argument is a
Return an s3_rest_controller object that can be used to manage S3 resources
Convert a dictionary of lookups to a dictionary of URL parameters.
Process xmodule assets.
Treat a dictionary of machine data as a dictionary of strings.
Print an error message to the given stream and exit with the given exit code.
Check if a device is mounted on the system.
Return the virtual name of this module.
Check if a segment is acompletely inan intersection with a list of x - intervals
Print a list of available languages.
Convert RADS to RADSEC using Nifti1.
Return a T_LITERAL token.
Return a URL to the evidence page for a given user ID and course key.
Test the suggestions for the given keyhint against the given key_config_stub.
Set p - to - zero for i - th tensor and return the new pvect.
Scale a value to the range of numbers between inlow and outlow and outhigh.
Returns a tuple with the root_id parent_id and i as the second argument.
Display the detail of a user. If the user is active and the user doesn t have
Return a cellisrule object.
Returns a list of all the pythondirectorynames in the given directory. If directory
Convert a model class to an entity schema.
Remove a jacket from the given container.
Convert a value to a float. If the value is not a float it will return None
Return a list of all the nodes in the cluster that match the criteria specified in the call
Randomly sample from a mixture of means and standard deviations.
View for a currency. If the user doesn t have permission to view the currency it will
Verify that the code is in the correct revision. If no revision is given the current revision
Set the definition type of the parser to the type of the current parser object.
This is the main entry point for the application. It is the main entry point for the
Return an identity response packet.
Resolve a pdfobjref and return the result. If x is not a pdfobjref
When identity is loaded add it to g. user and g. identity as identity. provides
Check if a config file is safe to use.
Count the number of records in a BIFF file.
Install this module as a GIT repository.
Create a deferred that will fail with the given result.
Delete an instance from the instance_info cache.
Prints the equality and non - equality predicates in the form of eq = neq.
Return a list of all the repos in the Apt repository.
Return a list of doctests for the given text file directory.
Fetch the value of an option from the configuration file.
Returns a boolean value that can be used as a truthy value for a boolean value.
Anonymize the mac for the given interface. If do_not_change_mac
Returns a string representation of the given arguments. If no arguments are given returns an empty string
Helper function to determine if a system state change should be performed or not based on an action
Redirect to the root page.
Convert a mobius to an interval using a field function.
A view that renders the account settings for the current user. This view can be used to
Test the huge cross product of two sets of points.
Get the support mail from the Sentry options or None if there is no support mail.
Parse an RFC822 formatted date string into a datetime. date object.
Convert a datetime object to an ISO 8601 string.
Calculate the threshold for a bayes test.
Read a little endian integer from a file - like object.
Get the node with the given host and node name.
Example of how to use category links plugin with a customer. This is done by creating a
Sort a string into a list of integers. If the string is an integer it will be
Set power state.
Close cover tilt.
Extract a list of key - value pairs from a list of parameters.
Convert a percent value to an integer. If the value is a string it will be converted
Get the file of the given object.
Get the images table from the migration file.
Upscale an image by the given ratio.
Return the least - significant element of a polynomial or zero if the polynomial is empty.
Concatenate a list of XML files into a single XML string and a checksum.
Check correctness of a function in channel - wise.
Daemonize if str_ is set in opts. If str_ is not set in opts
Set the replay gain mode.
Get all auditlogentries that are older than offset or equal to now.
Test that bad module names are present in the current module. This is done by checking that
Extract image metadata from system_metadata dictionary.
Stop the running process.
Print a job to the masterminion and return it as a dict.
Run a function in a new thread. If the function throws an exception it will be re
Get a port from a device.
Sleep for a given amount of time and return the result of the last call to slee
Calculate the average of the values in a given base. The average is calculated by summing
Get the sheet thickness of an element.
Test the stockwell API.
Subscribe to in_url and push to out_url until bool_ is True.
Return a list of naughty strings from a file.
Connect to the Cloud Block Storage service.
Convert a datetime object to an integer in the range [ 0 1 ).
Test for the import error of sympy. pi.
A middleware that renders a template with the server error message and returns it as a response.
Create a category from a sequence of category names.
Return the filename of the renewal file for the given lineagename.
Return a list of all registered collectors.
Return the number of GPU processes running on the system.
Return a list of absolute paths to the given plugin package.
A view that raises an exception if there is a problem connecting to the API. This is
Write complex128 data to a FITS file.
Given a list of columns and a list of order_by return a list of columns that
Fit the nearest neighbouring model and sample the data with the indices of the nearest neighbouring
Checks to see if a topic exists. If the name is a string it will return True
Sort input_iterator in batches and write to output_path. If output_class is
Get the date of the commit with the given commit_id in the given path.
Find the release date source of the given XBlock.
Get a connection to the Mailgun server.
Get a random seed number. The seed number is a random number between 0 and 1000.
Test schema check in requirements file.
Delete a thread from a document.
Test to delete a draft from the remote server. This is done by sending an email to
Run a grr test program on the given test_suite in the given stream.
Insert a new record into the database.
Returns the current viewport of the current context.
Update a port in the calico network with the given mac address and public_url.
Generate a random salt of a given length.
Read directory changes from a file or directory handle and return the contents as a tuple.
Test the learning rate schedule.
Return True if the image is present in the API.
Parse the given module_text and return the module object.
Raises an exception with the given arguments. The arguments are passed to the function.
Normalize a version string to a string with the given build number. If the build number is
A crispy add - on that renders a crispy template with the given context
Hides the specified attributes from the given object. If the object is None it will be
Acquire a lock on the current thread.
Initialize the terrain module with the given state and return the terrain module object.
Run a studio server with the given options.
Return a sequence of attachments. If the attachments is a string return a tuple of attachments.
Open an error resource in the context of the current module. This is useful when you want
Return an XObject of the given symb with the given length. If symb is
Returns True if confirm_time is greater than or equal to _confirm_time_limit
This is the main loop for sending messages. It waits for empty messages to be sent.
Install a list of packages in xbps_path. state should be one of installed updated
Test download of setuptools.
Test for htmlinputter without bs4.
Scan a file or directory for videos and return them as a list of tuples.
Get the total volume of an inv_item.
Print all the queries in the database to the console.
Ground to a given number of units. If c is None return a zero ground.
Returns the path to the file with the given extension. If the file does not exist it
Test scenario with inline comments.
Return a human - readable resource controller.
Find the absolute path of a file in a list of search paths.
Convert an address into an endpoint address.
Create a temporary directory and return its path.
Returns a list of all the content parents for the given ids. If no ids are given
List followees of a user.
Add the batch axis to the variable.
Print a random logo of the Cuckoo Cuckoo version. The logo is colored
Split a host into its host and port. If no port is found None is returned.
Clones the current repo into the repo_root directory. If reset is set to True
Split the provisioning value into the version number and the version string.
Replace the string in the policy_data with this_string. If append_only is
Given a source string and a start position return the candidate and the end position of the bracket
Return a list of all teams in the user s organization.
Return a REST interface to retrieve the note of the current user.
Returns a list of the current privileges for the current process. This is the list of privileges
Set CORS headers and methods to allow CORS requests.
Return a generator that yields all files with the given suffix in the given base path.
Show the weights of a model.
Convert a naive timestamp to UTC.
Returns the cohorting settings for the given course_key_string as a JSON object.
Write an extrudefile to the given filename.
Get a listener for a batch of notifications on the given endpoints.
Add a classifier layer to the given network.
Test that the table s prefix is the same as the table s name and the last name
Check if the view is a list view.
Test gemini version 1. 2.
Helper function to check if an extra argument is present and raise an exception if not.
Return the unwrapped ball of the given data.
Create 2D grid from 2D arrays x1 and x2. x1 and x
Get a set of keys from the cache.
Test for extract_array_easy.
Assert that the given response has the given status_code body and headers.
Unescape the given text.
Initializemodule function for inotify_init and inotify_rm
Find the base image for a given flavor and size.
Test E.
Remove all null - refct calls from the basic_blocks of the given function.
Add glacier checksums to the request headers.
Apply a function to a list or tuple of colors and return a new list of colors.
Try to open the given request and return the response as a tuple. If the request fails
Pull an image from the docker server.
Test that ensure_list_csv is a list of comma - separated values.
Called when a message is received from the client. Prints the message to stdout and stops
Create a virtual device on a VM.
Return the difference between pre_mods and post_mods.
Return True if the two NAFs are equal or False if they are not.
Open a Quteproc at a given path.
Return a JSON representation of the sentiment of the given doc_id with the given sent
Check if a host is absent.
Recursively copy all files in src to dst. If src is a directory it copies all files
Test that the description of a long named feature is the same as the description of a feature
Search for a package in searchpaths and add it to the registry. If the package is
Update the current universe for a given instrument or list of instrument IDs.
Return the other endian of the given type.
Interpolate x along the given axis with the given depth in the given axis.
Print the confusion matrix for a given set of classnames.
Convert a list of items to a dictionary.
Get a list of EIP addresses for the given addresses and allocation_ids.
Dump a function to a pickle string.
Unpack the bits of a cupy array into a numpy. ndarray.
Return a blank line node.
Send a message to the broker.
Destroy an instance
Read in a config file and return a dictionary of the keys and values in the file.
Add a new extension to the list of extensions to be applied to the current minion.
Call a function over a thread - safe context.
Group a stream of messages by their class and id.
Shorten a string to l characters. If the string is longer than l it will be
Get the index of the closest point to the given loop.
Get the indent word from the source string.
Convert a datetime. datetime object to a long timestamp.
Generate a feature selection from a list of documents. The top parameter can be used to specify
Return a list of all floating IPs on the minion
Add debug information to the context if debug is enabled and the request is from an internal IP
Check if an IPv6 address is included in a given CIDR range.
Get the OAuth settings from the database.
Add a new user to a list.
Combine a list of strings into a single list of strings where each string consists of a single
Jitter the envelope of pos_data with respect to xvals and violin.
Return True if meipass is frozen False if meipass is not frozen.
Build all the HTML and LaTeX files.
Calculate the calibration matrix for a matrix of size sz. The calibration matrix is a matrix of
Compute the rank of the data in x. The data is assumed to be in ascending order
Main entry point for the markdown command line tool.
Compute the log - likelihood of an AR1 distribution.
Test that the lexeme of text1 is less than the lexeme of text2.
Import data from a CSV file into the data store.
Convert a string to a slug.
Return a unittest suite for the current module.
extend_links - extend_links - extend_links - extend_links_name
Render a template and return it as a string. If context_instance is provided it will
Get a list of library directories from a config file.
Create a UDP packet from the src dst and payload. The payload is padded with zeroes
Swap two rows in a list of matrices. The order of the rows in the list is
prints a progress string to stdout in the form of num_ + str_
The internal error handler. This is used to set the status headers and output in the context
Floor the elements of mat to the smallest element in the target. If no target is
Concatenate a list of originallists into a single list of originallists.
Get information about an object in an environment.
Return True if l is a list.
Kills the given coroutine and returns its result.
Recursive function for local_add_mul and local_mul_fusion.
Fetch a list of inactive registration IDs from the APNs server.
Check if a private link key has expired. If so add it to the URL.
Validate that the config is a dictionary and that it contains a string value.
Get the ancestry of the given path.
Sends a decision email if the instance is not contacted and the status of the instance is
Start a gluster volume.
getiminfo - get iminfo from telephony_service
Remove pyc and pyo files from a file name if it is a. pyc
Test for missing argument in pip output.
Helper function to resolve a document id to a resource object.
Initialize the parameter module with the given state object.
Log an exception with the given level and number of tracebacks. This function is intended to
Run the decompiler on the data object d. dx is the data to be compiled.
Handle strings that are not localized. This is a helper function that is used by the N
Test that smoteenn does not have a bad ratio.
Load the configuration from the file system and return it as a dict. The default configuration is
Convert a list of bytes to an integer.
Parse the update rule into a dictionary of updates.
Compute the log - density of a multivariate normal distribution on a spherical basis.
Extract a zip file to the given directory.
Get the WSA action output for the given operation. If the operation has no action attribute
Return True if the module is a vim module.
Return True if atrun is enabled.
Get a list of all sub - packages of a given package name.
Get the username for a given user_id.
A context manager that creates a database and rolls back any changes made to it.
Check if value is a valid IMDB person ID.
Test that uuid is the same as str_ and throws an exception if they are different.
Get an access token from an access code.
Calculate the number of bins for the Freedman - Diaconis distribution.
Set the value of a key to the given timestamp.
Render a template and write it to a file.
Verifies that the certificate is valid. Raises a signatureverificationerror if it is not valid.
Test that a random sample of num_ repeated computations is the same as a random sample
Return a triangle of length l1 l2 l3 that intersects l1 and l2
Install a hook that will be called when a new line is read from the console.
Try to open an IPv6 socket.
Returns True if the given port is open on the given host. If the port is not
Create a WSGI application with all the handlers defined in the configuration file.
Bulk build a pkg_file in a jail. If keep is set to True the
Find the module with the given name in the current directory and return the module object.
Parse a list of RGB values and return a tuple of RGB values.
Clean up a string of group names and remove unwanted characters from the beginning and end of the
Create a disk from a distribution.
Calculate the log - likelihood of the given observation. If scale is set to True then the
Ensure a dashboard is absent. If the dashboard does not exist it will be created.
Create a new figure canvas and return it.
Initialize a test with the given options and testdir. Returns the test object or None.
Generate an MD5 shard of the given word.
Prepend www to url if it s not already there.
Take a list of rows and return a list of the rows with the given field name.
Returns a list of all theme directories in the given themes_dir. If none is given
Return the value of a node as a string or node s label if it s a tree
Add a keyhint widget to the qtbot widget and return it. The keyhint is
Update the heavy job element with the data from the data dictionary.
Returns the DVS uplink portgroup with the given name or None if not found.
Get the parent module for a given level.
Verify that a bucket is writable.
Register a new extension for the classes in the registry. This is used to register a new
Convert x to unicode. If x is not a unicode string return it. If x is
Check if a value is a valid URL.
Set the chost variable to the given value.
Summarize activations.
Return statistics about all network interfaces in the system.
Refine the given value to make sure it is a valid string. If it s not
Find the scene absolute numbering for a given indexer_id and absolute_number.
Test initialization of the OSS module.
Check if the given method is a static method of the given class.
Initialize a go. gamestate object from an SGF object.
Callback for genclientlib.
Set SSL certificate for a site.
This is the main entry point for the WSGI application. This is the entry point for
Strip the device prefix from the given device_name and return the resulting device_name.
Return a list of nameservers.
Convert an IPv6 address to an RFC 1924 - formatted IPv6 address.
Return a query object for the given model. If the model has a query attribute it will
Sort a list of records based on a key and a chunk index. If chunkindex is
Create a tree of files in the given base_dir.
Return the treetypes of the given AST rooted at the given AST root.
Return an iterator over all the containers in the cluster. If no host is given all containers
Get the name of an instance.
Open the current buffer in the editor and execute the accept_and_handle action.
Get the ARN from the given name. If the name is already an ARN return it.
Set the position of the media player.
Create a dummy VM config spec.
Load summary protos from memcache and return them as a list of statsproto objects.
This function is called when a connection is downloaded from a URLlib3 server. This function
Logarithmic interpolation of x and y.
Return True if the set of nodes in the graph is independent of the set of nodes in
Return a bitmap of the given layer at the given coordinate.
Return the VN ID for a given virtual machine or None if the virtual machine does not
Returns the financial assistance of the current user.
Remove a site from the system. If the site does not exist it will be created.
Get a version string from a list of strings.
Return a boolean indicating whether the named service is running. If no sig is given the service
Parse a version string into a tuple of integers.
Multiply two dimensions and return the result as an integer. If a and b are scalars return
Get the current language of the pootle_language model for a given string.
Returns the web attack vector for the given attack vector.
Compute the l1 and l2 regularizations based on the given ratio and regularization.
Make a GET request to the specified URL using the given keyword arguments and return the result as
Return a dictionary with the name of the index as the key and the value as the value
Create a palette with the given light color and button color.
Check if a link is available on the system.
Test whether a string is invisible. This is useful when you want to load a javascript file
Return True if the Python interpreter is running in an XQuartz environment.
Parse a GID string into an integer or a group ID object.
Return True if the environment variable str_ is a standard environment variable.
Register the masonbuffer and cile_driver with the given MasonManager instance.
Helper function to get the pre snapshot from the salt - snapper module. This function is
Return the number of logical CPUs in the system.
Test consistency with CPU serial.
Write the contents of the file to the given file_name. If the file already exists
Takes one or more numpy arrays and returns them as a list of numpy. ndarrays.
Run a command and return its output.
Run the test program. This is the main entry point for the command line tool. It
View a single task time slot. If the user does not have access to the requested task
Test the AllKNN sample of the WF fit on the x and y data.
Returns the size of the file at the given path.
Return a REST interface to the S3 REST API for the current user s subscription.
Find an executable in the current working directory or in a given path.
Returns a list of points in the harrisim that are within a given distance.
Encode a list of rings into a numpy array of batch_size x_size x_
Serialize data to a pickle file.
Set the basiclogger warn level.
Validate that the device and partition are valid.
Return a list of urls for the messaging service.
Truncate an alert to max_bytes.
Return the path to the GDB binary or raise an error if it can t be found
Convert from 7l7777m format to 7l7777m format.
Convert a list of objects to a list of objects sorted by the type of each object.
Get the RAR version from the given xfile.
Returns the url of the given viewname with the given arguments and kwargs. If the request
Redirect the user to the specified location.
Test scenario post email.
Generates a new SSH key and adds it to the admin context. If the request is POST
Set the default relationship strategy for the given attribute.
Enter XML in an advanced problem.
Returns a boolean icon for the administration. Can be used to display a boolean icon.
Returns the SQL statement to flush the table and sequence to the database. The tables and sequences
Upload an image stream to a VM using the optimized version of the vmdk format.
Create a loop with the given number of times.
Invert a qtransform.
Generate a list of targets from the given target source file.
The main entry point for this script.
Twitter inbox action. This action is used to display the messages in the twitter inbox.
Get a list of users.
Destroys a virtual machine from a Xen instance.
Write data to a file with no header and no delimiter.
Returns True if w is a weight and all of its fields are dyad.
Returns True if obj is in nested_list False otherwise.
Bumps the current version.
Convert a name - value pair into a BSON value.
Check if the user is logged in. Return True if the user is logged in False otherwise
Parse the response content into a dictionary.
Validate that the read preference is a valid servermode.
Helper function to execute a plugin in the plugindir. If the plugin does not exist
Check that the given estimator fit returns the same object as the given estimator.
Load the LDFLAGS file from the current working directory. If the LDFLAG
Return - 1 if f is less than g or + 1 if f is greater than g
Make a list slug from the given name.
Parse a version string into a version object.
Return the virtual name of this class.
Return a list of items that are in baselist and are in comparelist.
Return a JSON representation of the document.
Import a module by its fully qualified name. If a prefix is given it will be used
Return a list of the names of the primary keys of a model.
Modifies the header fields of a packet according to the parameters specified in the class docstring.
Swap the hostname of an X - API URL with the given host address.
Extract a snapshot from the given disk and save it to the given output path.
Get the diff matrix for a given dimension and axis.
Get a list of the domains in a certificate.
Check if a symlink is owned by the given user and group.
Define all the servers in the config file.
Return the number of physical CPUs on this system.
Create a universalmediaplayer and add it to the list of devices.
Reopen a zpool.
Quit the default app.
Return a list of binaries found in the qt5_qml_plugins_dir
Check if nupicbindings prerelease is installed.
stage_platform_hpp - copy the platform hpp file into the platform hpp
Send data to a file on the local machine.
Checks to see if a DHCP options exists.
Upload a blob from a string and return its name and content.
Convert a string into a list of positive integers.
Highlights the given text in the context of the current template. This function is intended to
Get a new derivation for the given element node with the given prefix and length.
Test ad - hoc coverage.
Report the raw stats to a report section.
Get a list of all the hazard s3 resources. This is a list of all the
Test for copy_transpose.
Disconnect from the API and report the results.
Remove old versions from the database.
Return the template with the given name in the given scope. If no template with the given
Remove all handlers from the given app.
Get the crafted text from a text file.
Add the help menu to the master menu.
Generate a report of the graphsize arguments for a given number of unique_kmers and
Given a list of filenames find all the autosummary in that file and return a list of
Check if html is valid. Return True if html is valid False if html is not valid
Import a module and check that it s version is greater than or equal to minversion.
A naive version of sync_request that prints out the results of sync_request.
Get the most recent exercises for a given user.
Generate a list of paths to search for files in the given header and extra_dirs.
Set up the Hass platform and add the light devices to the Hass object.
Function to compute the f_value_wilks_lambda from er ef dfnum
Raise an error if dtype_set is not a subset of _string_dtypes.
Return a label for a given field name on a given model.
Update the plex library with the given library name. The library_name must be a
Register the language manager with the given Mgr instance.
Main entry point for the datastorebackup command.
Convert a float to a datetime. datetime object with microsecond precision.
Show the properties of an affinity group
Make a string from fromstr to tostr where fromstr is mapped to tostr.
Read a stored checksum from a file or file - like object. If timestamped is True
Mute a string by multiplying it by the number of characters in the string.
Verify that the user is logged in and redirect to the login page. If the user is
Remove leading and trailing whitespace from the beginning of a string and return a new string.
Returns True if the path is unsaved False otherwise.
Report an unknown attribute.
Get a nova session.
Convert a datetime to a timestamp_pb2. timestamp.
Generate a random UUID hex string.
Wrapper for ndb. toplevel.
P - unary expression.
Read the content of a file from the cache. If the file is not in the cache
Return a random unicode string of length nchars with the given size. If dtype is None
Unbinds the inspector widget from the window and removes it from the inspector manager.
Test equalization of channel names in a file.
Get the list of parameters for a given service.
Returns True if the children of the given XBlock are visible to specific content groups.
Return a random string of length nchars.
Update bandwidth usage information.
Create a base cipher from a dictionary of key and key length.
Call a Xenhost plugin.
Rename the name of the element in the geometryoutput object.
turns a list of integers into a list of strings.
This is the main entry point for the managementfeed demo. It is the main entry point
Create a new SQLAlchemy engine with the given options and connect it to the given database
Submit a file to condor and return the external_id and the message.
Remove all samples from a directory.
Returns a function that takes a string and converts it to a string using the given converter function
Return a fake site name. If name is None return default. If name is None return
Return a debug message for the given signal and arguments.
Unpacks an event_id into a list of event_ids. If the number of
Parse a method descriptor and return a tuple of the type and the parameters as a string.
Returns True if the given name is available in the system. If the name is not available
Remove a message from a channel.
Generate the graph and render it as an HTML file.
Convert a string to a list of TUPs.
Assert that the given clock is in the idle state of the given case.
Check if the paypal id is valid.
Print to stderr if str_ module is available. Otherwise print to stderr with a string.
Get the context for the sidebar announcements.
Get a complete key or raise an error if the input is not a key or entity.
Makes a dictionary of the desired capabilities for Sauce Labs.
Return a tuple with the virtual name of the module. If the module is not available return
Test the SIP conversion of the Hilbert space to the Hilbert space.
Return True if x is a puiseux in the ring p.
Create a list of dictionaries from a list of rows.
Create an editable list form from a form_base_class and a form_class.
Add a list of ids to the top of the list.
Test if attribute is empty. This is useful when you want to test if an attribute is
Read the head shape from a BTI file and return the indices and dig points.
Given a list of paths return a list of paths that are normalized and reduced.
Returns the OS name and OVF ID for the specified flavor.
Calculate the betweenness of a source node in a graph.
Return the buffer size for a given interface.
Generate a link to expand an expandable item.
Replace all XML characters in text with their corresponding unicode characters. This is done by replacing all
Returns the shortest path from the given list of locations.
Fit the NM with an invalid ratio of size num_. This test fails if the
Returns the number of items in the queue or - 1 if the queue is empty.
Generate a list of strings for the selected module.
Set the MTU of the given device.
Return a link to the documentation of a given page.
Register a new runtime configuration and wait for it to be started. If the runtime configuration is
Convert a list of RGB values from HSV to RGB.
Get the helix complexpath for the given derivation. The helix complexpath is
Return a list of the active children of the current process.
Return an instance of s3_rest_controller for trackpoint requests.
Return a list of the basename of each file in filelist.
Render a label with the given content.
Return a sparse array of length n with dtype str_.
Discard the body of the response and return a promise that will be resolved when the response is
Create a makesuite from a hist object. If label is not specified the label of the
Restrict the dataset to a subset of the fold indices.
Return a list of datasets for a list of lddas.
Delete a task from the task_status dict.
Get a flow for a given volume.
Test that a repository URL should be cloned to a project directory.
Get the weight from a persisted block or None if the block is not persisted.
Split a string into a list of strings with the given separator.
Labeled Statement.
Write data to a file descriptor.
Generate a set of random names from the first and second strings.
Sync all of the modules modules modules modules modules modules modules modules modules modules modules modules modules modules
Setup the platform for the EvlController. This is called when the EvlController is
Remove a volume type from the database.
Return True if x is an arraylike object.
Create a new metadef resource type.
Decompose an expression into a base and an expression representing the power ratings of expr.
Create a private IP for a given Linode.
Get a string representation of a version object.
Returns True if the given finding matches the given request.
Parse a sshpw rule and return a dictionary of arguments.
Add vectors to a vocabulary.
Check if the given image name is a valid image name.
Get the real social auth object for the current pipeline.
Load the given backends and plugins into the given build configuration.
Make a tensor with the given dimensions.
Return the value of the salt_host property. If the value is a boolean it will
Return a function that can be used as a module name. If the module is not installed
Download a webfile from url to filename.
Return the full path to the executable of the process with the given pid.
Return a string containing the message to be displayed when an exception is raised.
Create a new instance of the given model using the given attrs and the given model factory.
Get the full URL for a given server name and port.
Check if the command is an application.
Check if we have bug17666 in Python 3. 6. 3. 0.
Return the CNV ncname for the given attribute.
Get a list of mirrors for a given git repo.
Get the class of the specified SSL adapter.
Return a list of items in the given queue.
Return the file URI for the given absolute path or None if it can t be found.
Process the paths specified in the command - line options.
Flattens a series of applications into a list of dictionaries.
Get the application id for the given ios device.
Tstd DL - DL - DL - DL - DL - D
Add a FSA segment to a powerline.
Get the value of a configuration variable.
This function is called when a definition token is found. It will add it to the token
Checks if a user id exists in the database. If it doesn t it will raise an
Resizes and crops the given image to the given dimensions.
Returns a generator that yields the types of all signed types in the form of a list of
Wrapper for the predict method of the given model type and test sample. This is used to
Run the given application on the given port using eventlet s WSGI server.
Validate a sound string.
Tamper a string into a tampered version of the string. This is
Delete a filesystem from the server. If check_mode is not enabled the filesystem will be
Return True if origin_node is a private variable in the given scope.
Print data to a file or file - like object. If out is a file - like
Move a file from src_path to dst_path using s3 connection.
Initialize console logging.
Encode all attachments in a MIME message to base64.
Blend a list of strings into a list of strings that can be used to visualize
Set up the supervisor configuration for the given benchmark file.
Find the index in a that is less than or equal to x.
P_assignment_expression_2 p_assignment_expression_3
Return a view to view the facility of the current user. The view will be stored in
Execute a salt - runner function with the given arguments. If no arguments are passed the function
Print the differences between two dictionaries and print them in a pretty way.
Read a partition file and yield tuples of record_index record_index and partition_id
Format an exception and return a string with the traceback as the first line and the traceback as
Get the forecast for the given location.
Process an element node and return a list of elements that are intersecting with the element.
Get a list of students from a student batch.
Set the policies for a backend server.
Remove all context variables from the global context.
Refines the given expression with respect to the given assumptions. If the expression is
Add a package to the list of installed packages.
Return a grrapi instance configured with the inithttp http connector.
Create a filter for the given list of tasks. If the list is empty no filter is
Serialize the given type with the given accessor using the given types as the template.
Raise an assertion error if the settings_names_dict does not contain the required keys.
Sends an order receipt email to the user.
Decode base64 encoded task payload into a dict.
Generate a random file name.
Convert a URL into a tuple of the host and port of the URL. If the URL
Return a list of all installed packages.
Post - match the first element of the bfr to the first element of the first element
Install or uninstall the OSX if the command is set to install or uninstall the OSX
Count the number of file chunks in a zipinfo object.
Return a URL for a bug tracker.
URL - safe base64 encode.
Calculate the SHA - 1 hash of an object.
Expands path variables and expands user home directory if necessary.
Lookup a local service by name. If the name is a local service return that service.
Check if a column has a value.
Create a topic with the given name. If the topic already exists it will be overwritten.
Stage a task in the pipeline. If the task s skip flag is True then the task
Return a list of the netstat output from the linux command.
Restrict the keys in a dictionary to only contain those keys that are present in keys.
Parse a Thrift service and add it to the top of the thrift stack.
Convert an exception to an excinfo tuple.
Calculate the power of a normal distribution.
Generate a MSSQL password from a password and a salt. If uppercase is set to
Returns the configuration of the server.
Return a string representation of an object.
Add two images and return a new image. Scale and offset can be specified.
Match a metric against a regular expression.
Return a list of all available locales. If no locales are available return all available locales.
Test division of two scalars using the duallinker.
A context manager to create a keyparser with the given number of arguments.
Creates a new glance metadata entry for the specified volume.
Returns the month number for a given month name and language.
Returns a function that formats a string according to the given argument. If the argument is not
Return the legen of x in the range 0 to n_coeff - num_.
Run the FreeView BEM Surfaces command line interface.
Add an organization to a course.
Returns the default site for the given app_name. If app_name is not specified
Download a setuptools archive and add it to sys. path. If the archive doesn t
Display a list of user flags for a given flag type.
Compute the error rates for a sequence of sequences.
cart2polar_2pi returns the hypot and arctan2 of x and y
Create a new thinpool and thinlv in the specified volume group.
Get the latest downloadable repository metadata if it includes tools.
Return a mock with status_code text and response_content if kwargs is a list.
Return a dictionary with the name of the node that does not exist. If the node does
Create a constant with a single value.
Process an XML element. This function is called by the xmlparser to process the element.
Convert a relative posix path to an absolute path relative to the current working directory.
Initialize a new signing module with the given state.
Test for difficult univariate normal distribution.
Update unread queries for the given inbox relations. If insert is set to True the query will
Return an eye matrix of size n.
Get the value of the first key in the list of keys. If no value is found
Triggered when a job was approved. Sends a job review message to the user.
Get the training model for the Bayesian Neural Network.
Crops an image to square if it s size is not the same as the image s
Get the profile object for this user or create it if it doesn t exist.
Returns a dictionary of memory usage and memory usage in human - readable format.
Add a shell function to the xonsh. main object.
Returns the XRDS URL for the provider. The XRDS URL is relative to
Send a list of arguments to Spyder via a TCP socket.
Enable a named outer atomic operation in the context of the current request.
Step note that.
Return the week day of the current time.
Split a low tag into state id name and function.
Expand or shorten a git URL.
Write data to a file. Returns the number of bytes written or None if the file does
Reverses a path in the form of _path_cell_sep.
Returns the secondary language for the current site or the current site if none is specified.
Return the account object for the given target and email_address. If no account is found
Set the major status of all modules in the treeio database.
Parse a simpleflake string into a simpleflake_struct.
Parse a JSON streaming object into a dictionary of streams and their urls.
Calculate the Gemm from a node2.
Print a message to the standard output. If the message is not already printed it will be
Return a dictionary of player stats for each player in the given game.
Colorize a string according to the status warning bold and yellow options.
The main entry point for the command line tool.
Return the root of the Zipline.
Set the memory limit for the current process to max_mem. Returns a boolean value.
Safari sqlidentificatornaming function for SQLAlchemy and SQLAlchemy
Parse a local name into its code and modifier.
Return True if x is an iterator.
Temporarily disable logging handlers for a given logger.
Render the given value in the given context.
Print the string and return the number.
Show the details of a keypair.
Unzips a list of lists into a list of nout lists. If nout
Check if an image can be extended.
Check that all files in str_ are in pep8 format.
Detach a member from a load balancer
Parse a list of stories into a list of stories.
Return the virtual name of this module.
Perform a Vk API call with the given data.
Download a file from the given path. If the file is not a file a 404 is
Returns a list of text with the last_word appended to the end of the list.
Stop the Geoserver.
Return a list of tuples of path components and full path.
Set the state of a module.
Get a specific RVM version.
If thing is a function call it with the given arguments and kwargs. If it is not
Calculate the directional variance of a set of points.
Wrapper for astroid built - in functions. Prints an error message if an astroid
Count the number of messages stored in the response cookie.
Extract the path and query from the full URL.
Get the user from the request context or the default if none is provided.
Return a list of version numbers from a list of strings.
Remove a section from an INI file.
Enable or disable debug mode. If mode is set to True all warnings will be logged.
Remove all targets that depend on itself from the target_dict.
Return a boolean indicating whether the given text contains an invalid marker. If the marker is valid
Pack x into a list. If x is not a list it will be converted to a
Format a FASTQ record with the given label sequence and qual.
Collapses spaces around each line in a string. If indentation is set to True then
Called when an error occurs during the execution of a Tk task. This is used to
Check if the cache headers are valid for the given policy.
Get a poetry client for the given host and port. The callback will be called when
Test that a string is human - readable.
Add a rate limit rule to the list of rules to be applied to requests.
Delete all empty folders in check_empty_dir. If check_empty_dir is
Finish the concatenation of the data and the events in the log.
Get the mine data from the master pillar
Filters the output of iptables_save and returns only those lines that do not match any of
Read a Julian date from a file and return it as a NumPy array.
Decode a UTF - 8 string into a unicode string.
Check if a connection has been dropped.
Defoveate a channel from a list of rings.
Extract the OS version from a show version string.
Quote a string so it can be safely used as a value in a query string.
Return a string with the comment quote replaced by the given string s.
Add a domain to a site.
Display a list of all users.
Test for two model instance arithmetic.
Load all certificates in the given directory.
Return a list of the members of the hash stored at key.
Convert a list of integers to a hex string without quotes.
Sets the course start and course end dates and the course start and end time dates.
Returns a string representation of a table.
Resolve a symbolic link returning the resolved path. If the path is not a symbolic link raises
Decompress a base64 encoded string into an array of bytes.
Return the ratio between two strings in human - readable form.
Parse an authentication header into a user and password. If the header does not contain a valid
Squeeze a tensor along a given axis.
Clears the password for a given server.
Return the XOR of term1 and term2. term1 and term2 must be strings
mmap_read reads from a file - like object f. Returns the number of bytes
Create a temporary file with the given suffix. If the file already exists it will be replaced
Get the GCD dataset name from the environment. This is the name of the GCD
Set the value of a field in a document. If the field does not exist it will
Get the path of a jail from the jail - ls command.
Reloads a module and all its dependencies. If debug is set to True the module will
Convert a locale string to a language string.
Return the basename of a file path.
Test instantiating a regression from a yaml file.
Create a spherical bessel function that removes n elements from the Spherical Bess
Returns a list of OpenShift load balancer backends for the given API port and hostvars.
Set the enabled state of all objects in the list of objects.
Update the WOEID and the neighborhood of a WOEID.
Copy the state of the source future to the destination future.
Update the raw projection with the bools.
Test that a VCS URL has been normalized to the final slash in the package path.
Returns the locale for the given locale or the default locale if none is set.
Resizes an image to new_width and new_height. If out_image is
Get a timestamp from the data at the given position.
Prepends the HTTP URL to the value if it s not already a scheme.
Find the account and token from the environment. If no credentials are found None is returned.
Create a status dict from the result of an image assembler and a list of image logs
Create a new lineage for the given testfile.
Return the value of the Authorization header or None if the header is not present.
Check if the user is logged in and return the html.
Convert a media size string to a long integer.
Get the position of the loop in the context.
Print installation summary for a list of hosts.
Convert seconds to a human readable duration string.
Return a salt. utils. netapi. NetAPIClient object for the given environment.
Configure logging.
Add a new header to the response.
Convert a range to a list of network addresses.
Decode a string of 64 bit chips into a list of integers.
Test for client options in config file.
Get a network by its CIDR address.
Test the erfinv GPU.
Takes a dictionary of tags and returns a list of tags in the format expected by the AWS
Reset all global variables to None.
Find the start address and line number of the first line in the source code.
Send alerts for all active products.
Update the target with the given dependencies. If the target is outdated execute the given command.
Parse null as none.
Print a warning message for targets that are not in the specified sections.
Reset all warnings to their default values.
Return True if the current platform is netbsd.
Test for deliberately broken numbers.
Return the greatest common divisor of a and b.
Look up an encoding by its name. If the encoding is not found None is returned.
Create a local git branch in the logdir with the given repo_url and branch_
Get the version number from the config file.
Get the host name of an IP address.
Calculate the current value for each coil in the list rr and return it as a numpy
Called after an upgrade has been made. Returns True if the upgrade was successful False otherwise.
Helper function to get the options from the returner and return them as a dict.
Call a command in a background thread or in a subprocess. If the command is in a
Create a cascade from the given local_conf and the given loader and global_conf.
Delete a draft from the database.
Duplicate a list of normal characters into a list of normal characters with a given normal distribution.
Convert a comma - separated string to an integer.
Find the parent of the given element with the given tag or None if none is found.
Print a debug message to stdout or sys. stderr depending on the environment variable str_.
Convert an input file in hex format to an output file in hex format.
Get the OpenShift container version from the environment file.
Get the controller for a doctype.
Create a model with the given number of layers and convolution and maxpooling.
Create a duplicate media object from an existing media object. The media object is returned as a
Update a floating IP address with a list of values.
Tears down the test. This is a no - op if the test fails.
Create a new entity_pb. reference with the given app namespace and path.
Read a file from the file system and return the file and its contents as a tuple.
Returns True if the title of the node is acceptable. If the title is not acceptable returns
Link source_db to target_db. If source_db is a list it will
Remove a key or value pair from a key - value store. If the key does not
Parse a Subject object and return a dictionary of the values.
Map a string to a function of the given class.
Send a video status update to the client.
View function for editing a dataset in the coordinator.
Set up the platform and return a boolean indicating if the platform is running on the device.
Load a dictionary from a. pickle file. If load_array is set to True the
Port all entities in the datastore to the datastore_path. The datastore_path must be
Check that d1 and d2 are close to num_ days seconds and microseconds.
Insert a blank string into the statement.
Get the name of the current branch.
Add a list of tuples to a list of tuples. The first tuple is the function and
Compute the softplus of x.
Install kqueuereactor.
Send a fanout message to a single topic.
Take a subset of a list of values from a list of indices.
Return a list of document mappings for the given locale and topics and products.
Returns a list of tuples containing the image id and the label of the image.
Convert a text string to a sequence of words.
Add a new interface to a libvlc instance.
Smoothly step a step between edge0 and edge1 and return the result.
Remove a package from the system. If the package is not installed it will be removed.
Yields tuples of args and mydict where each tuple is a tuple of args and my
Check to see if the given option is disabled.
Add a search query to a playlist.
Checks if the current page is a 404 page.
Check if the title is a series episode.
Insert the default options into sys. argv.
Test for updating a contact in the contacts_provider and contact_sync. If str_
Create a list comprehension between xp fp and it.
Clear the placeholder cache for a given language and site_id.
Encrypt code with pyherion and return it as a string. This is used to encrypt
Create or update a forum role with the given name and course_id. If the role
A simple example of how to run a task. This is useful when you want to run
Get the index of the previous media list player in the media list.
Return True if the network time is enabled.
Clean up the temporary test directory so that it can be re - run again.
Get the maximum age of the response.
Check that the given job_dependencies are present in the given host_objects.
Create a new sync point.
Check if a host matches a given IP address. If no server is specified the default server
Check if the expression has a simple delta.
Find the get_notepad_pages function.
Remove a user from a host. If the user does not exist it will be created.
Run karma.
Reconint the IDD at the given index using the given projection.
Find the boundary of a multipart post.
Register a serializer module for a given format.
Get the SCM object for the current working tree. If there is no SCM object
Check if a user has access to a specific discussion category.
Test git with non editable where egg contains dev string.
Load the dependencies of a package. If load_recursive is set to True it will load
Obtain a certificate from the configuration and return it. If the certificate is not available return None
Generate a random challenge string.
Record the payment information for the given order. This is used to record the payment information for
Return True if the filename matches the template file extension.
Tamper a string in the form of a string with a random number of characters.
Calculate the standard deviation of the Cumulative Deviation function at x.
List of enumerators.
Split code at show.
Return a lower - cased version of the given extra string.
Generate art URLs for an album s ASIN.
Restores a file from the server to a new version.
extended_euclid_gcd returns the extended Euclid gaussian of
Get a random string.
Test that Gmail doesn t have the trash folder.
CMSERVICEACCEPT Packet.
Shortens a string to a certain number of characters. If keep_header and keep_
Get a batch job download url when it is ready.
Load a pycryptodome raw library from a file name.
Return a list of all members of an organization without a MFA.
Merge small segments into a single segment.
Find the module and return the file name and description. If the module is not found return
Extract the entities from the given template. If the template is none return match_all.
Test the backward kill word.
Check if the file is an archive file.
Read a list of char numbers from a file.
Clean the data if the match matches the condition.
Test that Gaussiannb prior is greater than one.
Returns a list of all the groups in the database.
Apply all operators to an expression and return a new expression.
Encodes a floating point value into the wire format.
Remove a file or directory from the current working directory. If the file does not exist it
Find the package data for the current project. This is a list of strings that can be
A view that returns a list of sale orders filters and mass actions for the user.
Assign a list of lists lslices and rslices to a list of lists lslices and
Generate the path between old and new iptables rules.
Add the modification time of the given file to all the child nodes of the given document.
Create the default config directory if it doesn t exist.
Concatenate a list of tuples or lists into a single list. If the input is not
Create a figure with the same face color and size as num_.
Plot a histogram of the normal distribution of the mean and the standard deviation of the distribution.
Randomly sample a sphere of size ntosample from 0 to num_.
A directive that applies a boolean value to a global variable or returns a default value.
Create trials from a list of documents.
Get end geometry. xml string.
Fetch one level of related objects from a list of instances.
unsharp_mask returns an unsharp mask of the specified radius percent and threshold
Return the sigmoid of x.
Returns the architecture of the image. If the image is not found None will be returned.
Get a list of path parts from a given path.
Check if a resource is available. If not try to find it. If not try to
Disable tracing for the current application.
Recover constants from the source code and replace them with the replacement values.
Return a summary of a worker.
Returns a list of stylesheets found in settings. stylesheet_path and settings. stylesheet_dirs
Return True if node is an ancestor of the given frame.
Returns the type of an object. Raises an error if the object is not a key.
Create a new collection from a sequence.
Add intersections for a sequence of loops to a sequence of lineloopsintersections.
Return the resource type for the S3 REST API.
Subtract two numbers and return the result.
Run a command on multiple app servers. If multiple_app_servers is set the command
Check the status of a QDataStream object and raise an exception if it is not.
Remove old pafs and streams from g. pafs and g. streams.
Get a list of all services in the system.
Parse a Django admin option node and return the first option name in the node.
Grab the certbot log from the user.
Submits data to the given URL with the given API key. If return_formatted is
Combine the common sections of a list of dicts into a single list of dicts.
Iterate over a range of bytes from a file - like object.
Load the data and labels from two files.
Save content to a file in the contentstore. Returns the location of the file.
Check if a session cookie is present in the response.
Write a string of text to a file. If filename is not specified the string will be
Return a dictionary of all the fields of an object.
Adds a configuration option to the manager. If the option does not exist it will be created
Encode a message as a Quopri message.
Transfer the closest path from oldorderedlocation to remainingpaths.
Check if a user can commit the translation for a given project.
Test the validity of the package. If test_path_object is set to True then
Iterate over all documents in the document that are in the fields_chain.
Return a new reference to the retty.
Flush all data in the database.
Get the value of an input element by CSS selector.
Return a list of all SASL mechanisms in an XP document.
Check if a connection object has a method with the given name. If not log an error
Send a verification email to a user. The email will be sent to the user s email
A filter that marks a string as safe and marks it for escaping when it is escaped.
Accept or reject an invite for a given redeemer. If the redeemer is
Convert a value to a float or return a default value if conversion is not possible.
Test that the reconstruction of the data is zero. This is done by checking that the
Deserialize count_specs from text.
Convert a variable object into a DIMACS variable expression.
Log a single character. If ch is not None it will be logged. Otherwise it will
Return a dictionary of functions for the given proxy. If the proxy is None return an empty
Return a list of colors for the given key.
Return the sum of the values of a boolean field.
Returns the maximum of a 3D path. The path is assumed to be a list of
Truncates the expression f to a power p and returns the result as a new expression.
Return the hadoop prefix from the given hadoop binary path or None if it can t be found
Unregisters a class loader from the class_loaders dictionary.
Make a reduced version of the input file with a plinke and a vcle
Restart the running process if it exists. If it doesn t exist it will be created.
Load training and validation data from a. cpickle file and return them as a tuple
Return a new tensor with the dimensions of x and y removed along the specified axis.
Run the given network and write the results to the given writer.
Return a string with the rss of the given text. If the given text is not a
Get a subscription for a given document_class and subscription_id.
Redirect the user to a different URL.
Remove a database entry from the database.
Unescape a string.
Download a VeoH item by its ID.
Test completion for zsh.
List all instances of a particular node type.
Get the certificate subject for a given project.
Get the newderivation of the given element node.
Add an empty struct to the top of the stack and set it on the top of the
Return the absolute name of the cell at rowx and colx. If r1c
Get the currently logged in user. If no user is logged in None will be returned.
Create a dictionary of formatters based on the options in the configuration file.
View the equity with the given equity_id. If the response_format is
Move a key k from d1 to d2. If strict is True the key is
Create a lineedit widget and add it to the qtbot widget list.
Set the ordering of the image dimensions.
Create a VmdkCreateSpec object from the given client factory and size in kb.
Get the SOAP Accessor object for the UA server.
Return a tuple of the process name and the contents of the process. The first element is
Build and upload a sdist from the repo root and return the path to the sdist
Installs and runs a readmegen in the given sample using the given session.
Find the creation sequence for a graph g.
Parse a GAF file and return the corresponding protein iterator.
Decode a string from a byte stream into a Python object.
Yields authorized keys from a list of filepaths. If the file does not exist it
Retrieve a resource by its SHA1.
Create a temporary CA file from a list of anchors.
Dispatch a stat to collectd.
Returns True if the exception is unavailable False otherwise.
Test the percentage text of a percentage. This is useful when you want to test the percentage
A test function to test the server and serve it forever. This is useful when you want
Return True if value s length is less than arg s length.
releasecompletenettoms - Releenet Toms
Check that all of the given options are present in the configuration.
Iterate over an object and all its children.
Returns a function that returns True if the given name is a lowercase snake case.
Return the path to the hosts. txt file.
Command handler for mode - specific commands.
Get the module cache for a given directory.
Get the link to attach to a document.
Helper function for github_hook. This function is called when a hook is added to a
Return a string representation of the given date.
Labeled Statement.
Log an error message to the bugdown logger.
Discuss of a CMS page and return a dict with the header and id of the page
Return a dictionary of metadata from the given HTTP headers. The keys of the dictionary are the
Import a private key from a file on the digital ocean server.
Compute the 2 - D Hessian using the inverse of the Hessian and the scale.
Yields chunks of a zip file in chunks. If directory is specified the directory will be
Select n series with a given method. If n is greater than or equal to the number
Register the TCL lexer and buffer classes with the given TCL manager instance.
Generate a line of text for a given issue.
Generate a state tag for the given low value.
Get a console from an RTMP server.
Find any empty alt images in the given content and log a warning with the name of the
Refresh all beacons from the minion.
Check if the given parameter is a URI parameter. If it is it will be checked for
Returns a compiled regular expression for the given query. If ignore_case is set to True
Enable or disable deprecations as exceptions. If set to False the deprecations will
Decode a URL - encoded query string into a list of unicode objects.
Get the source code and line number of an object.
Test whether pip should not be installed always from cache.
Returns a textfield with a length validator.
Check if the naming pattern and anime type are valid.
Convert a tensor to a dense tensor. If the input is a sparse tensor it will be
Add a neigh entry to the network.
Get a list of volumes from the server.
Applies fn to each element in elems and returns the result as a Tensor.
Set the repository to the given lineindex in the given lines.
Test the exit status of pip when no package is found.
Add a collarshaft to a derivation.
Delete all objects in the given bucket.
Run powersup on the standby device.
Returns a dictionary of the complete course mode information for the given course_id and enrollment.
Compress the given body with the given compression level.
Read a file from disk and cache it. If the file is not cached it will be
Returns the first file or folder in the given folder. If the given folder is a directory
Combines two datetime objects and returns a datetime. datetime object with the current timezone.
Test if value is a mapping.
Mine command.
Show a list of sale orders and a list of sale statuses and mass actions.
Read a codetype from a pyc file. Returns none if the file does not exist
Check if snappy is installed.
Return the basename of a path.
Test for the wavefront mesh format.
Reverse bits of a 64 - bit integer.
Return the cosine of the given number.
Return a list of all subscriptions for the given topic.
Convert a dictionary to a string using urllib. quote and urllib. quote_string.
Detach an Ethernet network interface from an Ethernet network. If no attachment_id is
Ensure the named stack is absent.
Plot a pdf as a list of matplotlib. pyplot. plot. plot. plot. plot
Configure the given service with the given options and the given case_name and service_name
Parse a string of HTTP headers into a dictionary.
Consume items from the queue and return them as a generator. If cascade_stop is True
Return a list of all nodes and their properties.
Captures a card hold for a given participant and amount.
Returns True if the module should be kept.
Dequotes a string if it is a quoted string or if it is a quoted string.
Perform a KAMA test on the Dataset ds and return the result as a list of
Deduce the alpha implications from the transitive closure of the implications.
List all available languages.
Return a list of transversal matrices for the given base and number of gens.
Get the geometry output for the given element node.
Return the public key for a given VM.
Get the number of presets supported by libvlc_audio_equalizer.
Sanitize the separators in a string.
Downgrade the database to the latest version of the CIDR table. This is necessary because the
Check that the metadata dict contains ASCII encoded keys and values. If not raise an exception.
Check if url is unique.
Setup the platform for the MQTT alarm.
Get or create a SJSON file for the given item.
Get the hostname of the current process.
Return a tuple of the virtual system name and the version of the system. If the system
Parse multipart headers from an iterable of strings.
Return the GID of the current process.
Compile all the views in the given folder.
Calculate the t - stat and p - value of two values.
Convert a time tuple into a datetime. datetime object.
Adjusts the dimension of the input array to match the target shape.
Rotate a list to the right by a given number of characters.
S3 outbound gateway for S3 messages. Requires that the user has the required membership.
Returns a string representation of the given value.
Add an event source to the given lambda_arn and target_function. If dry is
Commit a list of reservations to the database.
Send the given flowgram to the given socket. If trim is True the flowgram will
Test whether the boolean should not prevent rendering of other columns.
Update the package_db in xbps_path with the contents of the package. json
Decode a string using the given encoding.
Create a certificate chain.
Cumulative density function.
Returns the current line number of the current segment.
Copy the original file to the derived file if it is out - of - date.
Build a path from node1 to node2.
Set the password for a user.
Parse a string into a patchset.
Refreshes the database from the remote server.
Filter a list of flowgrams according to a list of filters in filter_list.
Raise an error with the given status code and message. The message can be a web2
Calls systemd. daemon. notify with the given str_. If the str_ is not
Open an explorer for the given file.
Test iforest sparse classifier.
This function is called when a menu item is clicked. It is called when a menu item
Return a list of all the datastores on the VMware environment.
Change the cursor to the beginning of each word in the document to lower case.
Get a list of user names from a list of user ids.
Get a continuous query by name from a database.
Create a new image in the system.
Bessel function for 1. 2 - 23.
Convert a CXEL string into an XML string.
Returns a list of registered social auth backends for the given request.
Get the backend to use for the current environment.
Convert an object to ANSI escape sequences.
Convert a cell range string to a tuple of row col row1 col1 row2 col
Load the data from the covtype file and convert it to a numpy array and return it
Unpack an open_direct_tcpip string into a tuple of host and port tuples.
Returns the minimum number of three - basedon precision of an element.
Check if the given bson is a valid document.
Ensure that src is a file or list of sourcespaces or list of sourcespaces.
Send an e - mail to a user. If dry_run is set to True the
Echo a list of command - line arguments to the console.
Get an S3 image from the database.
Initialize the build_time_vars and build_time_vars for the current process.
Calculate the point of a tensor along a given axis. If axis is none return the point
Given a glance ID return its ID. If the glance does not exist create it
Copy files from src to target_node.
Return True if the given reason is a todo. If the reason is None return False.
Return a string with the name of the function k and the name of the function n.
Test to deploy a certificate for a list of domains.
Convert a sequence of strings to a byte string.
Return the latest version of the given class. If the given class is not a subclass of
Returns a list of synonyms for a given word. Word2nums and num2words are
Filter out any lines that are not JSON - formatted.
Save the stats for a given model to a file.
Create a directory and all of its parents if they don t already exist.
Get a variant from a template with the given arguments.
Redirect to the default s3 index page.
Generate a random salt of the given length.
Extract subrois from timeseries_file and label_file.
Send a signal to the process with the given pid. Returns True if the signal was sent
Pause the event loop for the given interval. If the backend is in interactive mode it will
Convert bytes to str if it s not already a string. If it s already a string
Get an unused port.
Test for RGB_TO_HSL_PART_17 in Python 3. 6.
Compute the standard deviation of an array along a given axis.
Get the first line number of a function.
Load a model from checkpoint_dir and save it to sess.
Convert a timestamp to a string.
Get a list of all schedules for a given account.
Compute the covariance at each component of the GMM at each step of the GMM.
Calculate the raw moment of a list of numbers.
Read a label file and return a dictionary of labels to class names.
Generates a random normal distribution and a random distribution of the probability of each element in ys.
Get the current app for the given frame. If no frame is given the current frame is
Test sampling using the regular smotetomek.
Resize a list of images to a given width and height.
Start a TLS server on the given port using the given context factory.
Returns the target of the comment form. The target is the target of the comment form.
unload a module
Updates the quota for a resource in the specified project.
Return True if text is a keyword.
Run PyReversal with the given number of arguments. This is the main entry point
str - Returns True if the checknode has completed successfully and False if it does not.
Return a list of unique values in a 1 - D hash table.
Start statsd in the given path.
Normalizes a language tag into a list of language tags.
Calculate the serial correlation coefficient for a given time series.
Wait until the emulator is ready with the given prefix.
Strips leading and trailing whitespace from a and b.
Safely delete an image from the backend. If the backend is not found log a warning
Return the current memory usage in bytes.
Disables the service and reloads it if it s disabled.
Pick an authenticator plugin from the given configuration.
Get a list of all public IP addresses.
Execute the given SQL statement in the database. If an exception is raised it will be re
Test drawing of a regular polygon.
Make a rugplot with a scatter plot of the values in vals at pdf_max
Get an action by its request id.
Unregisters a function as a handler. If the function is not registered nothing will happen.
Test the breadcrumb of the page.
Get the index of the media item in the media list p_ml and p_md
View function for editing a single thread in a given forum. If the user is logged in
This is the main entry point for the luggage criterion. It is the main entry
Returns a list of all available translations.
Convert a JSON time to a Python datetime. time object.
Create a new collection with the given label.
Test for raising value error for non - sym values.
Pick an Eeg position from a coordinate frame. The eeg position is a list of
Write credentials to a file in JSON format.
Test identity join node. This is done by connecting two nodes to the identity join node.
Compute the exponential of a matrix. This function is deprecated and will be removed in the future
Add a bearer token to the request body and return it as a query string.
Report a list of flaky tests to the given output.
Delete an ACL entry.
Get the properties of the device. If no name is given all properties are returned.
Make a discrete source space from a position.
Get the comment format from the comment string. If the comment string ends with a newline return
Flattens a message into a single string.
Get the components from a key string.
Parse an Accept header value into a list of tuples. The first tuple is the type the
Start a new server on the given host and port. If authkey is a string it
Validate that the given value is of the given type.
Decode the result of a query into something that can be sent to the server.
Run the command and return the result.
Raises an exception if the given path cannot be opened.
Returns the group s avatar URL.
Test for overlap_slices of different dimensions.
Return True if all elements in a list are GM IDs.
Get the values mask dtype and max value from an object. If skipna is True fill
Escapes special characters in a string so that it can be used as an HTML string.
Test against JPL horizons.
Handle foreign keys without committing the handle to the database. If commit is set to True
Fit the NM1 model and test the number of features in the NM1.
Test approve addons approve files and no review type.
Add join operator to the join operator if the join operator is not a scalar constant.
Display a list of DNS entries for a given IP or name.
Try to convert an enum value to an enum object. If the value cannot be converted to
Return True if the current platform is an openbsd platform.
Move a file or directory to a new location.
Download a URL to a file.
Build all the libraries that need to be built.
Get the related topics from a section.
Change the sickbeard s subtitles finder frequency.
Run django - test_runner with the given test_labels.
Create a TaskMessage object from a signature object.
Unquote a header value. If is_filename is set to True the value will be
Create a cluster controller and update the IP address of the controller.
Check if a process is active.
Get a component by its name.
Get a list of init process names for each node in the cluster.
Drop all channels that are not in the list of candidates.
Start a new worker with the given queue. If no queue is given the default queue is
Configures the plot with the given options. If the legend option is present it will be used
Rotate a list of fileobjects 90 degrees clockwise.
Given a year and a month return the index of the month in the year.
Convert a string to an integer.
Make a copy of the config and verify that the selection is valid.
Build a multipart message from the given message and the given images.
Unfollow a user. If the request method is AJAX the user will be unfollowed
Parse a query string and return a Query object.
Serialize a list of allocations for a consumer.
Create a time mask from a list of time values.
Return True if text is a valid URL.
Create a directory if it doesn t already exist. If the directory is the current working directory
Fetch a seed from config. unittests. rseed or config. unittests. r
Return a list of all VirtualInterface objects in the database.
Get a list of file names from a HTML file.
Return True if the given kwargs match the date_time of the given cron object.
Convert a temperature in CNV format to RGB format.
Get the prerequisite milestone for the given prerequisite content key.
Raises a key error if strict is False otherwise raises a warning if strict is False.
reducer function for _object_reducer. This function is used to reduce
Returns true if the given filters should be sharded by property range.
Return True if a is a task module.
Open a file if it exists. If it doesn t exist it will raise an error.
Return True if the two values are equal in case of case insensitive comparison.
Wait for a server to be listening on the given port. If the server is not listening
Extract the root domain from the given domain string.
Return a dictionary of information about the node and the virtual machine. This is useful for debugging
Compute the difference of a vector and a norm. If the norm is num_ then the
Compute the centrality scores of the input data.
Return True if p points to a directory. If p points to a directory returns False.
Check that the scale values are in the range [ 0 num_ ) - 1... num
Load a countgraph from a file. If small is True the countgraph will be loaded
removes redundancy from a list of terms and returns a list of essential terms.
Create a reference group from the given info and name and position.
Populate the database with data from a file.
Get an instance type by flavor id.
This is the login route. It will check if the user is logged in and if it
Convert a timestamp string into a datetime. datetime object.
Import a class or a module and return a list of all the classes in that module.
Unpack a bitstring into a list of boolean values.
Add a new prioid to the list of available prioids. This command is not supported
Check if a MRI subject has a BEM file.
This is the main entry point for the text analyzer. It is the main entry point for
Strips HTML tags from a string.
Look up an object from a string or a list of strings. If the string is not
Convert a timezone object into a timezone object. If the object is not a timezone object or
Check if a user has access to a course. If check_if_enrolled is
A file - like object that can be read from a file - like object. This is
Make a request to the given path using the given request_dict as the request data.
Get the rerun link for the given course_key.
Check if a nictag exists in the nictagadm
Add the given tools to the given tool manager.
Return a fresh output manager instance. If the manager is already running it will be re -
Get a list of all available relationships for all milestones in the system.
Build a list of HTTP headers from the given API token.
Set the taxes and charges for the given quotation.
Return the ielliptic curve exchange for the given kexalgorithm.
Check if a point is inside a polygon.
Allow Ctrl - C on POSIX systems to receive interrupts on Ctrl - C.
Update a draft registration.
Return True if the python module is installed on the system False otherwise.
Enable the site and reload the service.
Samplewise standard deviation normalization.
Compare two files and return a list of the files that are in common. If shallow is
Handle the read field of the cc_content. If the form_value is set to
Returns a numpy array of word2vec from a text file. vocab_size is the
Get the version of the python package.
Write the course block detail report to a CSV file.
Returns an empty iterator. This is useful when you want to iterate over an empty list.
Clear the graph cache for the current user. If the user is logged in clear the access
Validate a check_flags string.
Make a matrix from a function that takes a number of rows and a number of columns.
Equate a list of points to a set of points with a given prefix and revol
Report the test result to the console.
Context manager to disable signals on a QObject.
Convert an error from a blobstore service error to a blobstore error.
Run the given statement in the context of the given globals and locals. If filename is not
Change the QQ header of a request.
Ensure a default security group exists. If the group does not exist it will be created.
Wait for an IO callback to be called.
Calculate the RMS error for the given results and true parameters. The RMS error is
Test trailing spaces in row definition.
Escape a string for use in an RFC 3986 string.
Convert an image from one format to another.
Get the QoS Policy Group name from a volume dict.
Display a crash file. If rerun is True the crash file will be rerunned
Get the zoneinfo. txt file.
Create a new event object for the current context. If timing is set to True the event
Logout a user from the saml2 server. If the user is logged in it will be
Convert a string into a single - quoted YAML string and return the result as a string.
Spearman Spearman model synth.
Check if the given id is valid XML.
Parse a package name and version string and return a tuple of the package name and version.
Read an unsigned 4 - bit integer from a file - like object.
Compute the k - th difference of x along a given axis.
Returns the filename with the extension if it is a file. If it is a directory it
Create a security group
Helper function to add a config option to the chkconfig. If the option does not exist
Set the value of a variable in the system rc files.
Call the at_initial_setup_hook_module if set in settings. py.
Try to detect the format of a given stream.
Find a name in the high dictionary.
Find all the cached images in a given SR.
Translate a url if translate is True otherwise just return the url. If translate is False the
Create loc files for the given file creator. If size is not specified the default size is
Test save_store_fs_bad_lang_with_store.
Make an X - Headers string for a request to the LMS. This is used to
Parse command - line arguments.
Set the state of the port for D - 6 mode.
Convert a dictionary of attributes into a GFF formatted string.
Apply overwrites to the given context.
Return True if the python module is installed on the system False otherwise.
Build the desired iface config for the given module.
Insert a new document into the database. If the document already exists it will be replaced.
Convolutional gradient input with DNN convolution.
Returns True if the given string is a valid IPv4 prefix. Returns False otherwise.
Return True if the given uwline can be placed on a single line.
Return a dictionary of data for a given job id.
Build a tagmap from a list of strings. If any of the strings are not strings
S - All - HAC aggregation.
Get the gridderivation of the given element node.
Return a tuple with a boolean and a string of the path to the installed python executable.
Strips all occurrences of a string from the beginning and end of a string.
Return a tuple containing the name and error code from the given dictionary entry.
Parse a string representation of a datetime. datetime value into a datetime. datetime object.
Return a list of all the dependencies of this driver.
Return a string representation of a time in the format specified by daytimesep timesep and
Get an xls file from a list of dataframes and a list of columns.
Parse an XPI file and return a dictionary with information about it. If check is True
Return a list of namespace names in the given range. If no range is given all namespaces
Create a codesearchfeed object from an XML string.
Get the image model string from the settings. py file.
Return the load average of the system.
Convert an integer enum member to an integer.
Strips the given namespace from all elements in the given XML string.
Returns a dictionary of relation info for each field in opts. fields that should be serialized.
Parse a Sphinx searchindex string into a list of filenames and objects.
Delete an integration response for a given resource in a given API.
Generate a coverage report for a Python package.
Checks if a tenant is absent. If check_mode is set to True the tenant will
Get a single comment from the given table and field.
Create a virtual disk spec.
Return a list of columns that are foreign keys of base_table.
Generate an RST file for the example.
A local optimizer that fills a fill model with a fill value.
Returns True if the pixel at x y is occupied in pixeldictionary False otherwise.
View function for the forgot password action. If the form is valid the user will be
Identify the names of the modules and attributes in the given code and return a dictionary of them
Check if a string is a valid position in a Windows - like fashion.
Create a new instance of a factory from a dictionary of state data.
Calculate the central moment of a list of numbers.
Update the axes of an image.
Randomize the correlation matrix tail error.
Get the skewx transform from the transformwords.
Reissue a receipt from the current time to webapps_receipt_expiry_seconds
Return a tuple of the original string and the end position of the exception. If the exception
Entry point for the command line tool. This is the entry point for the command line tool
Decode a base64 string into a bytes object.
Retrieve the settings from the settings. py file and return a tuple with the value of the
Returns a callable object that can be used as an argument to boto3. utils. get
Process an XML element and add it to the object s vertexes list.
Parse a urlencoded string and return a dictionary of unique parameters.
Numericises all the strings in the input list and returns a list of numericised strings.
Mark a function as slow as possible. This is useful when you want to run a test
Perform a fast connect test with the given kwargs and return True if successful False if not.
Return True if the given path starts with the given prefix.
Create a faketransport object for a given server protocol.
Open a file or file - like object and return a filehandle. If the file is
Require that the version_from_payload is a valid version of the collection_version.
Log the stacktrace of the current exception. If no exception is given the stacktrace will be printed
Load a module from all installed apps.
Set a store to be used in the application registry.
Read a file and return it as a string. If the file does not exist it will
Create a new virtual interface.
Return True if the issue has been closed and completed and the issue section has been set.
Write a value to a config file. If the file does not exist it will be created
Delete all OAuth tokens for a given user.
SYSTEM INFORMATION TYPE 7 Section 9. 2. 5.
Test that the confusion matrix sample_weight is the same as the confusion matrix.
Load plugins from the plugin_namespace and add them to beetsplugin. _classes.
Start the ioloop.
Get the next unique id for a given field and value.
Delete a list of objects from the database. If the request is a POST request it will
Get the IRC format for a given format.
Check that no fit attributes are set in the init.
Return the number of CPUs in the system.
Create an NRT module and its library.
Calculate the average and standard deviation of a list of numbers.
Test that the value of num_ is greater than num_.
Create a new dataset.
Wait for a server to terminate.
Check if the given URI is ignorable.
Assert that a is b. If msg is specified print a message otherwise print a message.
Get the path to the yaml file for the given builtin_name and runtime.
Print a string to stdout. If debug is True the string will be printed in debug mode
Sends email notifications for all users in the system.
Get when the given exploration has been rated on the given user.
Return the program name of the given shell command.
Process an element node.
Match a list of filters against a user - supplied list of filters and return the first filter
Return a dictionary of auth_traps enabled for the given name. If the status is
Update the votes of all collections in the database.
Return an error message for an unexpected GCP error.
Upload the contents of the file to the remote host.
Map a model class to a record and a list of further classes that can be checked.
Check if the given redirect_url is a full redirect. If it s a full redirect
Return a generator that converts the search results to a list of rows.
Return a random sum of the distances in the list of distributions.
Extract all of the files in the directory specified by str_ into the directory specified by path
Return the relative path from the given file to the archive_dir.
Check if a variable is used in the graph.
Test that hsl_to_rgb_part_12 is the same as hsl_to
Convert an object to a reference to another object. Raises an error if the object is not
Get the new derivation for the given element node.
Append a binary message to a bundle.
Assert that a member is read from a given host.
Load a resource from a file and return a tuple of the resource type and the resource context
Calculate the control digit of a list of digits.
Convert a locale string to a language string. If the string is not a valid language string
Skips elements that match the given predicate but do not match the given reason.
Linkify a bounce URL to an outgoing URL.
Add a host to a given IP. If the host already exists it will be replaced.
Get the name of the subnet.
Create a database with the given name. If a database with the given name already exists it
Signs a URL with the given parameters and returns it as a string. The parameters are
Test remove from figure with gridspec.
Get the manipulated paths for the given element node and loop.
Get the width of the terminal in pixels.
Enable an event. If the event is already enabled it will be disabled. If the event
Sets the dirty flag for all quota usage for a given resource.
Returns a list of the text contained in the document in the form of a list of strings
Edit an ordered product in a treeio order.
Returns a list of tuples of server group IDs and names sorted by number of server groups.
Parse a subpattern of the given source string and store the result in the info object.
Calculate the number of sides based on the precision of the element.
load a file from a file - like object or file - like object or file - like
Get a list of DHCP hosts associated with the given network.
Load all SQL files in a given folder.
Convert Markdown text to HTML.
Communicate with an IRC server using the IRC interface. The IRC server
Delete the device with the given id.
Convert a cartesian vector to spherical harmonic angle.
Convert a latex node into a font - ifypython node.
Add a new folder to the user s list of folders. If the user is logged in
Return the entity group kind for the given key.
Create a titled group with the given key and title.
Check if a string is a valid boolean value.
A cache that keeps track of a string and replaces it with its escaped version. This is
Return True if the request has a scorer spec and it has a scorer.
Add a lock to a list of packages. If a lock is already present it will be
Get the type of an interface.
Prepends the root directory to the path_options.
Get the tex command to use.
Return a list of all services in the system. If limit is not specified all services are
Returns the username of the current process.
Indents the current level by num_. If the current level is less than num_
Test read_twoline_normal with fixedwidthtwoline.
Generate a random lorem IPsum.
Parse a list of short options from a token stream.
convertxmlelement is a function that takes a list of geometries and adds them to
Build a tunnel request string from host port and proxy_auth_header.
Add all INDRA Statements to the end of the INDRA Statements.
Interact with a request and extract cookies from the response.
Add a new batch job to the batch_job_service and return the batch_job
Get the errno from an exception.
Daemonize the current process. If pidfile is specified it will be written to the given pidfile
Returns a dictionary of word vectors for each word in the word_idict.
Determine the default project to use. If project is none the default project will be used.
Remove a canvas from the list of canvasses.
Return the nested output of the given object. The output is stripped of the trailing whitespace.
Compare two lists of paths and return True if they are equal False if they are not.
Get an integer value from a string or None if the string is not an integer.
Helper function to create a tar file in the specified root directory. If no path is given
Create a new table in a database. If the request method is POST the table will be
Returns a set of plugin names that are available to be removed from stevedore.
Summarize a Markdown string into a string of the form num_ - > str_.
Add a dependency for the given name.
Return the inverse of a matrix.
Detach a volume from the cloud.
This is the main function for the sms_inbox action. It is the main function
Returns the i - th element in a. If i is greater than the number of elements
Train the HCAE model using the pylearn2. pylearn2.
Return the least significant bit greater than or equal to the given value.
Return a random number of seconds to wait for a task to complete.
Return a list of all names defined in the current node.
Split a list of strings into a list of strings.
Return a JSON response with the status code and a description. If the status code is not
Decompress a LZS compressed string into a string and a window. The window is
Talib - like version of talib. t3.
Set the verbose level of the colorfulpyprint module.
Test for has_at_least_one_key.
Generate a random interkey interval.
Scenetonormalshownames is a list of strings where the first letter is the
Return True if the environment variable MNE_C is set.
Returns True if the user has access to the view with the given name otherwise returns False.
Returns a tuple of the receiver and its function code and the number of arguments.
Get the brick annotation for a variable.
Find the n most frequent elements in an iterable.
Escape a URL in a string for use in an HTML attribute.
Find a sample file in the current directory.
Check if the text is up in the page and if so return it. If not return
Patch sys. path to include the current directory and str_ in sys. path.
Concatenate a list of indexed dataframes into a single DataFrame.
Build cache and host resolvers based on the given config.
Convert a Oozie frequency string into a Hue frequency tuple.
Return the remainder of the given token.
Get a list of all file descriptors.
Get the full URL from the given environ dict.
Convert a datetime object into an epoch.
Create a footnote extension.
Truncates a string to a certain length and appends a suffix to the end of the string
Run check_output on the command line and return the return code. If the command fails
Create a figure with the given options. If no options are given the default options are used
Compute the score of the heldout model.
Installs the virtualenv.
Convert a NumPy array to a float array.
Get the git changeset from the current working directory.
Get the password for the database with the given name. If the database does not have a
Return a list of all groups in a user.
Create a stack of layers from an element and its children. The first layer is the top
Create a managed config from a base config and a cluster.
Parse the content of a documentation file into an index string.
If logical_line contains no assert true false is not. If logical_line contains a
Return a base64 encoded string of the support data for the given request. If request is
Define a string flag with the given name default value and optional help text.
Bulk create fixed IPs.
Test for the typical memory error and raise it if it is not possible.
Set the condition for the mestate. settings object. If no arguments are passed the
Generate a random string of length num_ characters.
Patch os. fork to work with gevent. hub. fork.
Return a pretty representation of a frame relation.
Click a css selector and wait for it to be selected.
Check to see if a trail exists in the given region key keyid and profile.
Test suggested multiple column names with alias.
Perform a symbolic factor operation on the given expression.
Migrate a virtual machine to a virtual machine on a given host.
Checks if a string is a valid XBM string. If so it returns the string
Load the acceptance. yaml file for a given test_case.
Check if the user has permission to upload a dictionary.
Checks that the given file does not contain log records in the given format.
Write a string of text to a file. If filename is not specified the string will be
Ensure that the given time is UTC. If the time is not already UTC it will be
Check that value is a list of strings representing the names of the packages in dist.
Split a string at a single separator at a single position in text. If sep is not
Generate a URL for a given block and handler name.
Calculate the euclideandistance between two points.
Remove outliers from an alignment that are closer than num_stds stops.
Test for metadata merging conflict exception.
Register an exception checker with the given linter.
Generate the documentation for all services in the given session.
This is an example of how to get a dictionary of data from the server. This is
Create a new image property.
Convert an image to a file. If fp is a file - like object it will be
Return the distance between a line and a line segment.
Remove a user s leader from a group.
Return a copy of the data with all the keys converted to strings and all the values converted
Get the labels for a given node and apiserver. If apiserver_url is None
Check for invalid keys in kwargs.
Test the scheduler for a number of times. This is a test function that will be run
Test issue 360.
Test if the AST is good to compile.
Return the node name of the system.
Return the ratio of the token sort between s1 and s2 in partial order.
Returns billing details for a given company. This method is intended to be used by the billing
Returns True if the step_type is a spark step type.
Return a methoddescriptor for the given method.
Update the variables in the given file contents with the values from the var_mappings dictionary.
Read a file and return a list of tuples containing the times and text in the file.
Compute the distance between a user and a list of users. The returned list is sorted by
Test that evokes have the same number of times as the baseline.
Load globals from a file on the given socket. The filename and ext can be either a
Apply temporary fixes to the given font and save it to target_font_name.
Check if we can query the journald system.
Create a topic and update its IAM policy.
Watch for changes to the Sass and XModule assets of a theme.
Return whether or not the data disk should be enabled for the given VM.
Return True if the source is votable False otherwise.
Reparam the given string with the given dictionary and return the result as a string.
Check if a list of coefs is stable. If verbose is set to True print the
Returns the craftsequence as a list of strings.
Return True if a is less than or equal to b or equal to a or greater than
Get a specific job id from the server.
Return the path to the mdata file.
Returns a dictionary with the timestamp and the time zone as keys and the value as values.
Computes the sum of mat along a given axis. If no target is provided the result is
Returns a dictionary of validator data. The keys are the string keys and the values are the
Return a list of all the neighbors of a node in a directed graph.
Destroy one or more names.
Plot a layout object as a matplotlib figure.
Calculate the md5 hash of a file s size and modification time.
Test basic compound inverse.
Return the power of self to the right of rhs. If rhs is an instance of variable
Ensure that the tables module is available.
Capture the console log for each scenario.
Convert XML - like data to HTML5lib XML - like data.
Return the job with the given name or None if no such job exists.
Read samples from a file and return them as a 2 - D numpy array.
Return a list of all available machine translation services.
Get the effective router for a given application.
Get xdg_config_dir from environment variable or user home directory.
Infer compression from filepath_or_buffer and compression.
Return a JSON object from the given environ.
Decorator to mark a function as unauthenticated.
Check if a string is a prefix of the command s script and the command s stderr contains
Get the username of the user.
Abort the import.
Convert a string to a list of scopes.
Extract the version number from the version file.
Convert a boto exception to a string.
Set the bonjour for the current request.
Check if a list of ids is a pair of ids.
Get the request token and secret for the user to authorize the user.
Get the largest loop in a set of loops within a given radius.
Test if approve addons get files incomplete.
Remove an apppool from the system.
Recursively instantiate a proxy.
Test for saving a project with a checkstyle attribute set to str_ and save the project
Select a proxy for a given URL. If no proxy is found None is returned.
Add a dictionary to a cookiejar.
Log an exception and return a JSON response with the given http_code and message.
Returns an integer that is an integer greater than or equal to n rounded to the nearest integer
Copy a DocumentToprotocolBuffer to a DocumentToprotocolBuffer.
Get the full path to the module with the given name.
Get the maximum of two numbers.
Try to find a device based on the user agent in the request. If no device is
Return the RA PID for the given device.
Split an absolute URI into its component parts.
Return a CIX tree from a CIX file path. If the CIX file is
Decode a string to a given encoding. If no encoding is given the string is returned.
Get the mrjob service role or create it if it doesn t exist.
Validate that the given value is a non - negative integer. If the given value is None
Installs a button in the context of a Jinja2 request. If the user is
Render the given template with the given renderer and template_dict. If render is True the
Write a PPP interface to a file in the PPP directory. If the file does
Return True if the named service is not available in the system.
Get a list of replicas singletons from the server.
Ensure the named service is absent. If the service does not exist it will be created.
Get an integer parameter from the request.
Get the score for a given block from the submissions_scores dictionary.
Update the LUT with a new list of colors.
Convert a font object to a fontentry string.
Scan for Zookeeper instances and return a list of Zookeeper instances.
Convert a list of 1 - bit values to a 255 - bit value.
Convert an IP address string to an integer.
Get a dictionary of proxies from the environment.
Return the basename of a path.
Clean up a geonode layer and its associated resources.
Return a list of count times the cdl3 is inside a list of bards.
Example of mocking EC2 integration.
This is the main entry point for the luggage criterion. It is the main entry
Generate a token from the given key user_id action_id and when.
Return a list of the absolute values of the linear function f to the absolute value u.
Compare two PSDs with noise and return the result as a list of 2d arrays.
Return the virtual name of this module.
Create a pyexcelerate workbook and print the elapsed time in seconds.
Shut down the daemon.
Check if the given match is correct for the given process id.
Return an HTTP server instance.
Pauses the user for n seconds. If no arguments are passed the user will be prompt
Handles the quotas - update command - line argument.
Moves the cursor to the beginning of the line.
Return a string with ANSI escape sequences and ANSI escape sequences colored according to the given colors.
Set the level of the logger.
Get the mode of a device.
Create a snapshot of the current image and save it to a temporary file.
Return True if the last request was a DBMS error page False otherwise.
Calculate the t - test power for a given effect size and number of observations.
Return the offsets of the beginning of a block.
Get the data from the given URL.
Log a critical message.
Get the full translation dictionary for the given language. If the language is not available it will
Returns a generator of rows from a range string. The range_string can be a string
Return a list of targets from the roster
Create a crosstalk of the given width and height with the given number of connections.
Check that the header matches the value of the given header.
Return True if object is a data type.
Sample the balance cascade and test the fit of the balance cascade.
Test feature max length on step with table keys.
Unquote a string and return it as a string. If the string is not a string
Read a packet from local_sock and send it to remote_addr.
Dump a biff2 - 8 file to a file in BIFF format.
Get the system username.
Query the VCVarsall for the given version and arch.
Flattens a list of strings into a single string with the same number of groups.
Register a test function to be run on the given test class with the given method name.
Return a dict with the string_ as the key and the value as the value.
Merge two files into a single file. If time_from and time_to are None
Execute a jseval script and return the result. If an error occurs the script is
Read a packet from the socket and return it as a Python object. If the packet is
Convert an IPv6 address to an IPv6 address. Returns none if the input is not
Return the object with the given name or None if no object with the given name exists.
Update the live symlinks in the config file. This is done by renewing all of the
Calculate the berlekamp of a GF function f at a given probability p and
A view that returns an HTTP response with an ETag if it is not already quoted.
Activate a deployment for a given restapi.
Run a function in a WSGI environment. The function will be executed in the context of
Write a CGI response to the output stream.
Update all the policy elements with the given regkey in the given policy_item.
Surround quotes in a string if the string is in a bash shell.
Upgrade Brew to the latest version. If refresh is set to true refresh the database
Get the basename of the profile file for the given repository.
Check if an address is a valid IPv4 or IPv6 netmask.
Add a new category to the tree.
Register a service in the current module. This will be called when a new service is created
Extract the serial number from a show version string.
Return an absolute URL for the given path. If path is already an absolute URL return it
Get the x - coordinates of the intersection of the x - coordinates in xintersectionindexlist
Returns a route that redirects to str_ n times. If n is greater than num_
Create a masq config file from a list of dictionaries.
Move a file from src_path to dst_path in src_storage and delete it
Query for quotas for a list of reservations.
Evaluate the GF function f on a list of numbers a and p and k.
Run the convert_to_html function on all markdown files in input_dir and output
Test denoise_tv_chambolle_3d.
Delete the transaction information for a given rebalance.
Ensure that the root CA directory exists and that it is in the root CA directory.
Check if the sleepless should be awake or not. If so enable sleep
Test for transformation of an array to a heliocentrictrueecliptic
Return a tuple with the atom number as the key and the value as the value.
Generate the frontpage. pngs file.
Log a notice at the root level if the number of handlers is equal to num_.
Get a list of words from a file in test_data_path by its content.
This function is called when a gitlab notification is received. It adds the gitlab notification
Infer the return type from a list of arguments.
Localize the given value according to the locale. If the value is a boolean it will
Return a list of all available availability zones for the current user.
Parse the headers from the MAR file into a dictionary of attribute names and values.
Build an iterator for the given XPath path.
Test that the nvidia driver2 is available.
Make the plots for the training and test data from a JSON file.
Get the tree details from a list of nodes.
Return the appropriate data class for the given endog and exog. If the endog
Assert that there is no element matching the given xpath selector.
Write data to a TTY log file.
The password reset confirmation page. This page is used to reset the password of a user.
Parse a sorted query from a list of parts.
Get a unique value for a given type and id.
Calculate the variance of a list of numbers.
Returns the name of the strategy to be used. If the strategy is not set the default
Generate a age for a given issue_time.
The main entry point for the Pbserver class. This is the entry point for the
Test that str_ matches all of the rules in the rules list. This is done by
Generate a cache key based on the request method and headerlist.
Computes the residual of a given projection with respect to b_orig and fwd_orig.
Return the value of an option. If omit_opts is true the value will be returned
Loads images from the load queue and writes them to the write_queue and summary_queue
Convert a tag string to a list of tags.
Get a logger that will be used for debugging and debugging. This is useful for debugging and
Return a list of jobs that match the criteria specified in filter_find_job. If
This is the login view. It will redirect the user to the login page if the user
Attach translations to a list of collections.
Convert a projected entity to a message.
Returns the language info for the current language.
Infer the frequency of a time series or a datetime - like index.
Checks if the current user is an admin.
Setup the platform and add it to the list of devices. If the platform is already setup
Convert a list of strings to a Config object.
Add a cell to the task log.
Get a service from the entry points for the given plugin name. If the plugin is not
Fail if a and b are not equal.
Load a testsuite from the given directory.
Return a tuple of integers representing the RGB values of r g b a.
A custom key function that returns a key with the key_prefix and version appended to it
Write the properties of the app to the workbook.
Read an array from the file - like object f and return it as a numpy array.
Prints the usage string to the console.
Call the function and publish the result to the session.
Create a zone service for the master and slave devices.
Return the total number of seconds since the epoch.
Returns a file writer for the given file handle. If do_gzip and do_b
Summarize the variables of the training graph.
Return True if the user can browse the reviews of the given repository.
Lighten the given color by the given percentage.
Process an SVG element with a circle.
Exclude new regions from the list of regions to be excluded from the add - on.
Plot a scatter plot of xs and ys.
Remove empty lines if the docstring is not a string.
Remove the start iconset from the source string.
Generate the test data for the shell.
Fail if expr is None.
Returns the path to the user s QEMU binary.
Returns the user id of the authenticated user.
Return the imp type for the given filename. If no imp type is found None is returned
Create a directory on the given FTP server. If the directory does not exist it will be
Returns a list of dicts with the number of months published for each blog post.
Print a message to the SGE debug log.
Deletes all image - property entries for a given image.
Check source code with PEP - 8.
Swap the memory used by cext and return a tuple of the total used free and percent
Convert a list of params to a stack of dictionaries.
Set the exclude attribute to the list of components that should be excluded from the close event.
Generate a docstring for the unit summary of the given namespace.
Test the sensitivity and specificity support for binary classification.
Returns the sms code for the given number with the given provider.
Connect to a GCP module using the libcloud_base library.
Stop the current process.
A command that returns the current state of the server. The command returns a string containing the
Concatenate two sequences into a single sequence. The first argument is assumed to be a sequence
Compile the client using distutils. ccompiler. ccompiler.
Add a new service to the system. If restart is set to true the service will be
Start the certificate generation for the students in the given course.
Wrapper for _ll_nbp and _ll_nbp_with_q.
Return a list of strings representing a script from a dictionary of options and options.
A login middleware that handles POST and GET parameters. If the form is valid it will be
Process a failed NCBI file and add it to the result. If sickbe
Check if a table has a constraint with the given name.
Edit an existing liability.
Returns a dictionary of strings that can be used to generate a random string. This dictionary is
Convert a 32 - bit ID into a 32 - bit ID.
Get a value from a nested data structure by a dot - path or a list of keys
Test the short list of users to see if they are in the same format as the user
Parse the output spec into the output dimensions and the output function and the number of classes.
Send a DELETE request to the given URL with the given data and return the response as a
Download Sina video by vid.
Get the current Python version.
Get the value of a metric. If the metric does not exist return num_.
Overload a dummy function. This is not implemented in Python 2. 6.
Allocate a new lock.
Returns a list of experiment IDs that match the given query string.
Return the inverse of a.
Unpack a unicode update from a byte string at a given position in the data buffer.
Reshape incoming tensors to new_shape.
Run a module in parallel on a set of devices.
Return the version of the salt - minion installed on the minion.
Return True if the current thread is the iothread thread.
Test save_store_fs_bad_lang.
Return a callable that can be used to determine if the command is a boolean or not.
Return a response object for the given code.
Convert internal date to localtime.
Get an object from the given model with the given kwargs. If no kwargs are given the
Create the drawdown and duration series for each column in the Palettes.
Create a prop filter spec from a prop set and an object set.
Send an email to sabnzbd. emailer. emailer. endjob
A generator that yields all the elements in seqn. The generator yields each element in seq
Create a new user in the given admin_group and return it.
Flattens an object into a single object. If the object is not iterable or is
Test if the conditional returns the mlp weights.
Merges the non_report_only_policies_dict and report_only_policies_
Create a new node with the given values.
Check if there are any problems that need to be rescorded for the given exam key
Sends an email to one or more recipients.
S3 REST API search for a resource.
Choose the correct POCT type for a given file path.
Compute histogram of a tensor.
Make unicode and repr work for Python 2. 0 and 3. 0. This function is
Find the previous version of a file that matches the given addon and version_string.
Get the current level of the request.
Compute the DMP of a ground function f from a ground function f to a ground function
dimitem_single is a function that takes a single parameter and evaluates it with the
Collect a list of host and port from a list of host names and port numbers.
Get the tolocalfile from an osx nsurl or qurl object.
Find the latest tag for a given path. Returns None if there is no tag found.
Yields the position of the first whitespace after the import keyword in the given logical line.
Get the tiers for a given device.
Send a signal to the given handler_id and return a handlerblockmanager object.
Apply fn to elems and return the result as a tf. Tensor.
Calculate the arcsech of a number.
Mark the current transaction as managed. If the flag is set to True the transaction will be
View function for editing a user s profile. If the user is logged in it will be
Return a list of all files that match a glob pattern in a directory treeroot.
Format a plugin info table.
Order the JSON data according to the order of the fields in the server s field_order
Convert a blockdevice_id to a dataset_id.
Get an instance type by flavor id.
Get n - grams from the sent_iterator.
Load an inline module from the helper library.
Test the current working directory with absolute paths.
Validate that the number of values in vals is equal to or greater than num_.
Two - step backprop implementation.
Get a list of the exceptions in a scene.
Retainverticalspacing before comments.
Test dynamic line profile.
Return True if the given subscription matches the given topic.
Test fit_sample with neighbourhood cleaning rule.
Check if the user supports the given user object.
Return the CPU information from the SunOS.
Test that set_cookies_never_accept is called on a config_stub.
Test for a bad cut in the AST. This is a bad cut in the AST.
Calculate the norm of x and y.
Get a list of module descriptions from the head of the module list.
Count the number of small integers in an array and return a c_array with the counts
Strips accents from an ASCII string and returns a new string.
Set gl attributes based on the config.
Get the blob info for a given blob key.
Call the use_cached_files method of the artifact cache.
Print the version and exit with the number of exit codes.
Return the absolute value of a.
Return True if the given python version is the same as that of the given name.
Set the default values for the log levels and external options. This should be called before any
Shift the divisions of the dataframe if needed.
Binary log - loss function.
Flag an instance as modified.
Get a holiday calendar by name.
Generate a random alphanumeric string of the given length.
Open a resource from the local cache and return it as a stringio object.
Add an in - fill boundary to each of the nestedrings.
Remove a handler reference from the list of registered handlers.
Unload a module and all its submodules.
Check that the name is a valid pack name. If it is not raise an error.
Process an SVG element ellipse node.
Load a class from a string. Raises an error if the string is not a valid class
Decoration function for Greatest Common Subsequence Decorrelation.
Fixes a makefile by adding the algo if it does not already exist in it.
Return the key derivation function for the given extern key and passphrase.
Test import_vispy_app1.
Build a selectfield for the tool panel section select field.
Remove tagids and descriptify the html page and return it as a string.
Get the codename of a permission.
Return a list of all documents in the current language.
Find all files in the metadata and return them as a dictionary.
Sends a purchase receipt to a user.
Compute the vector of vechrobe vectors.
Test make_log_links method.
Returns True if the class has an inherited table False otherwise.
Set a configuration option to a given value.
Get a list of rollbacks for the given name.
Remove a Virtual Fstab from a device.
Check if a file is a FIFO.
Patch settings to enable email subscriptions and bcrypt_log_rounds.
Add quotes to a string so that it can be used as an argument to an SQL statement
Return a list of all IPv6 interfaces on the system
Calculate the PCOA score for a set of lines.
Example of how to use netcat. This is a simple example of how to use net
Merge two data sets together and return the result as a pandas. DataFrame.
Handles the registration form. If the form is valid it will send an email to the user
Test laplace mask.
Sample the color preferences and map data from the given options.
Send a GET request to the server logging the request and sending the response to the client.
Validate a list of devices.
Create a preview of the delimiter for the given file_form and file_types.
Convert a path to a human readable string.
Build a QSub command string.
Render a GENSHI file into a Python dictionary.
Sort a list of integers according to a comparison function or a key function.
Make sure bzr_wc_target_exists_plain_no_force does not
Get the link to the block in the CMS.
Fetch promo images from promo_img_url and save them to promo_
Copy a file from the clipboard to the current working directory. If absolute is set to True
Print a list of items to stdout.
Create a text file with the given contents. If the file already exists it will be overwritten
Load the XML file at the given path and return it as a Python object.
Check that the number of healthy EC2 instances is at least min_healthy.
Raises an error if any character in data is not in the list of tables.
Delete a user from a password file
A context manager for tabbed_browser_stubs. Registers the tabbed_browser
Return a copy of the subs dictionary with all the values evaluated as float values.
Returns a human - readable string representation of a file size. If the size is not a
Create a new object in the given client.
Yield lines from a string or list of strings. If the string is a string it will
Parse the driverdisk rule and return a dictionary of arguments.
Return True if the given tag is a blocklevel element.
Put a secret into the secret manager.
Create a new reference from an existing reference.
Return a list of lines from the output_list that are not marked as listing done.
Get the full path to the FABM - Metrics directory.
Checks if a file with the given name exists in the current working directory.
Return the log of the addition of the given values. If the maximum value is greater than
Download a result to a local file in sickbeard. nzb_dir.
Returns a list of dictionaries containing the index videos for the given course.
Parse a URL and return the path and environment.
If the user is not an admin and the group is an admin remove it from the data
Split a command line into its path command and arguments.
Test integration of a build task.
Generate a report of the expected diffs.
Calculate the exponential function of a and b.
Returns True if the user has permission to edit the setting type of the given model.
Resize the given url to the given maxwidth.
Convert a row of data into a dictionary.
Installs the custom language file in the environment if it exists.
Return True if the item is present in the parent or False if it is not present.
Make a figure visible for a particular axes.
Raise an exception with the given status code and location as a dict.
Return a list of paths for the given scheme.
Setup the platform with the given Hass instance and device configuration.
Find a language in a dictionary.
Example of how to use qnetworkaccessmanager with pyqt5. qtnetwork.
Yields all the collected collectors that are not dead or have been spawned more than
Get a list of quoted strings from a string.
Fetch an entry from the journal table.
Update the portsnap. If extract is set to True the port count will be extracted.
Get the size of an item.
Get a list of points from a segmenttable.
Redirect the user to a given URL.
Helper function to run flowgram ali program on the given file - like object and return the
Delete an image tag.
Return the current year as a Jinja2 markup.
Get the tracer for the given process id.
Returns the name of a regular variable in the form of a string with underscores replaced by underscores
Return True if a is b.
Get the user info from a cookie. If the cookie doesn t exist it will be created
Browses the given object and displays it in a dynamic browser. If the object is
Return a set of all ancestors of source in the graph g. If source is not a
Check that movorder is correct. This is done by checking that movorder is correct.
This is the entry point for the command line tool. It takes the command line arguments and
Returns the closest jumppoint to otherpoint if it is inside the given boundary or none if
Filter proposals with crowd and non - crowd proposals.
Get a value from the player s puppet player or player s puppet player list.
Prepare the Earth position and velocity for a given time.
Parse a snippet file and return a generator of the parsed snippets.
Helper function to unmap an array of data from a given index.
Returns True if the given IP address is a private IP address.
Install a new code file in the current working directory and verify it is up to date.
Convert a hex color string to a color tuple.
Get the eol characters from the given OS name.
Format the given datetime instance as an RFC 3339 - formatted string.
Returns a copy of the given credentials with the given scopes. If the given credentials is already
Create a COW image from a backing file. If the backing file is not specified the
Run a raw incron command on the specified user.
Send an e - mail to the user who sent the reply to the review request.
Parse an interval string into a datetime. timedelta object.
Convert a jobsub_design object to an OOAI - OOAI - O
Return a generator that yields all the application names and the module name of the application.
Load overrides from a JSON file.
Return True if the C ++ code is in the GCC_LLVM format False otherwise
Get the OpenShift version from the output of the command. If the command doesn t exist
Detect whether the given stream is a valid DBF file or not.
Return a generator that produces a partial entity from a cursor.
Requote a URI so that it can be used as an absolute URL.
Invert a bit in the databit register.
abstract declarator = abstract declarator | abstract declarator | abstract declarator | abstract decl
Require that the version of invoke is at least min_version. If verbose is set to
Create an environment variable for a Java application.
Get a list of role assignments for a given user.
Generate a set of keys for the given number of bits. The number of bits must be
Test fit_sample_half of the RUS model.
Returns a list of bools indicating whether each section has a problem in the array.
Extract a line from a text string at a given index.
Create a SAML provider.
Drops a site from Frappe.
Log out the user from the server.
Restores the status of an app to the highest_status. If save is set to
Damerau - Levenshtein distance between seq1 and seq2.
Return a list of all the queues for the specified backend. If no backend is specified all
Return a flat list of relative globs for the given directory and basename.
Get a list of campaign feeds for the given feed and placeholder type.
A fixture that renders the config of the model. This is useful when you want to use
DMP - GF - SQF list version of dmp_gf_
Generate a demo of snowball stemmer.
List the revisions of the given commits in the given repository. If outstream is not specified
Import a file from a local file store into the local data store.
A test to clear the keystring of a keyparser. This is done by calling clear
Add x - intersection indexes from a loop to a list of x - intersection indexes.
Test the get_inst_data method. This is a test. It will test the
Get a colormap by name. If name is none return the default colormap. If lut is
Return a list of cost functions to be used for the least cost function in the scheduler.
Reshapes an array to a new_shape if it s not a categorical array.
A worker pool that runs in a single thread. The worker pool runs in a single thread
Update the override dict with the fontdict and keyword arguments passed to the text_format function
Convert a long integer to a raw string.
Convert a reference string to an object.
Check if a given resource is enabled.
Call the function with the given args and kwargs and print a warning if an exception occurs.
Get and delete messages from the session and return them. If include_auth is set to
Run an openssl command and return the output as a string.
Encode an extension string to be used in an AV file. If the extension string is empty
Return a tuple of template directories for the given dirname.
Show information about an IPsecSiteConnection.
Draw the figure if interactive.
Check if a VLAN interface exists on the host.
Test the max_similarity of a submission.
Replace all occurrences of target in string with replacement. If target is not found the string is
A local optimizer for GPU gemm and GPU gpufromhost.
Test the repository filesystem for the existence of a repository. If the repository does not exist it
Delete collection summary.
Convert a plist object to a string.
Display a list of songs for a user in a channel. If the user is in
Remove a job from the chat_data dict.
Returns the sigmoid of x.
Find the number of missing elements in the input list.
Return a list of all nodes in the cluster. If full is set to True it will
Analyze a file using the windowanalyze command. Returns none if the file could not be
Get the password for a given field in a given DOCTYPE.
Returns a builder function that evaluates a builtin is operator.
Divide self by rhs and return the result. If rhs is a constant return the division
Decode a JSON string into a Python object.
Interact with the client and server in memory and return a tuple of the read and data
Get full spec without validation.
Enable auto capture screenshots for each scenario.
Make a link node from rawtext text and url.
Get a new repository from the current working directory. If the current working directory does not exist
Concatenate a list of epochs into a single epoch.
Return the intersection of all graphs in a list of graphs.
Load a config file from the current working directory. If no config file is found an an
Validate that a string is an integer. If it is it will raise an exception.
Execute a command and return the output as a dictionary. If the command fails to run log
Get the key for the guestbook.
Build a form for building a questionnaire from a series.
Send an event to a list of users.
Render a template from a dictionary of LMS data.
Return the value of a key in a dictionary. If the key does not exist in the
Return True if the value is aware of the timezone.
Remove a file or directory fromaugeas.
Convert a numpy array to a numpy array. The array must be of the same shape as
Bench isotonic regression.
Display a form to create a new document. If the form is valid it will be saved
The main entry point for the peep script. This is the entry point for the p
Create a Keras model from a YAML string.
Format a parameter to be used in a query.
Redirect the user to the given URL.
Escape HTML string.
Get the current user s name. If the current user is the same as the current one
Test output lines in success - colorless mode.
Get the architecture of the current CPU in the system.
Get the session data from the session_file. If there is no session file return an
Load a library from the current working directory. If the library is not found None is returned
Calculate the total sum of squares of the data.
Mock the stdout or stderr for Python 2 and Python 3.
Add orbits if the orbitalfeedratepersecond is larger than the temperaturechangetime
This is the main function of the program. It is the main function of the program.
Count the number of users in an image.
Returns the service with the given host and binary name.
Unquote a string or None if it is None.
Parse the given query and return a tree that can be used as an expression.
Get the version of the node in the given cluster.
Get the text mail of the current advertisement.
Return the virtual name of this module.
Validate a resource config against a schema.
Find the SR reference from a VBD reference.
Return a dataframe with the summary and stars of each column.
Customize a network for a given framework.
Update the target with the given dependencies. If the target is outdated execute the given command.
Get the user info from the knowledge base.
Get the version from the init_file. If the init_file does not exist it
Ignore comments from a list of line numbers and lines.
Create a new figure manager with the given number of figures.
Setup the platform callbacks for each gateway.
Return a list of all storage accounts on the minion
Configure the logging settings.
Test implicit inheritance.
Check if the backup mode is an image mode or not.
Get a component review by id.
Convert a byte string to an integer using the OS - specific algorithm.
Return a list of all the states in the specified environment
Patch texttestresult. addskip to keep track of skipped text.
Coerce a string to a yes or no value.
Test the k - sample of a set of groups using the median test. The k -
Return the server directory. This is the absolute path to the server s root directory.
Return the virtual name of this module.
Clean up a traceback by stripping out any rpc files that are not in the exclude list
Parse the output of a command into a list of table objects.
Remove all metadata for all models in the database.
Test that generate_import_code is the same as generate_import_code.
Log a debug message if the DEBUG setting is set to True. If the DEBUG setting is
Parse an expression variable. This is the name of the variable and the value of the variable
Returns the next URL to redirect to for the login page. If there is no next URL
Convert a sequence matrix to a dictionary of strings.
Find a script in the default path. If the script is not found print an error message
Generate keys for a given number of bits.
Get the previous version tag.
Convert a string into a string with the length of the string and the length of the string
Return a list of disabled daemons.
Return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary.
Load the manifest for the given package name into the sys. path. If the package is
Compute the computerawanomaly score for the given activecolumns and prevpredicted
Run the main function of a module. This is the main function of the module.
Get a filter from a function or class. If the function is a filter it will be
Convert a datetime object to a time object.
Sync the returners from the master to the master.
Convert a string into a slugified version of it.
Get a pixmap from the pixmapdata. pixmapdata. py file.
Try to find the version of a file. If no version is found raise runtimeerror.
Test that the pip command is a good option for the given script. This is done by
Verify that the service_type is one of web featureservice or catalogueservice
P - multiplicative expression p - multiplicative expression p - multiplicative expression p - multi
Submit a Pyspark job to the dataproc.
Return the path to the current working directory.
Test history import absolute path in metadata file.
Delete artifacts from the datastore.
Create an entrance exam for a course.
Fetch the requirements from a requirements. txt file and return a tuple of the requirements and the
Convert a store to a filestore with translated units. If pootle_path is
Create a lease strategy for a given dataset and node.
Modify the display name with html.
Test the smote sk estimator.
Generate a LaTeX representation of the inheritance diagram.
Convert a short color to an RGB color.
Get the number of open file descriptors in the process.
Given an iterator and a resource return a topic object.
Save answers to the survey_complete table.
Test for a subclass of math. math. math. math. math_divide.
Import a module from a given path. If the module is not installed it will be installed
Decorator to register a class as an option for the ND module.
Create all territories in the database.
Get the detail of an OAuth application.
Educatedashesoldschool function.
Return the chi2p of x2 using gammai with tail = upper or lower.
Return True if the setuptools version is overridden by the given setuptools requirement or False otherwise
A wrapper for dog_stats_api. histogram.
Given an artist and an album artist return the feat part of the artist.
Check that numpy is available and raises an error if it is not.
Generate a thumbnail image from a source file using a list of generator functions.
Test replace update column via setitem_warnings_refcount.
Save an object to an hdf5 file.
Get the local IP address of a given interface or all interfaces if none is specified.
Assert that dt1 and dt2 are equal within allowance milliseconds.
Setup the platform with APCUPSD sensor data.
Generate a cookie with the given key and value. If max_age is not None it
Get the ms_payload_2 value from a payload string.
Return a set of all nodes that are subclasses of the given superclass.
Write the content of the file to the archive. If shouldanalyze is set to True
Returns a string with all the characters in x escaped. If x is already escaped it is
Center and scale the x and y data.
Commit the current item to S3.
Convert a boto exception to a string.
Test the outdated flag on the command line.
Return true if value is not scalar zero.
Return a list of committees for a given chamber in a TBODY.
Helper function to delete a resource by name or resource_id. If name or resource_
Invert a dictionary mapping to a dictionary mapping of keys to IDs.
Command line interface to build a config file from a json file or a path to a site
Load the tests for the given pattern. The pattern is the pattern to load the tests.
Get the manipulated geometryoutput from an element node.
Return a datetime object from a timestamp.
Create a new hash object with the given name and data. If the name is a string
Write a Python object to a file in JSON format.
Quote a string so that it can be used as a value in a SQL statement.
Command line interface for the git repo command. This command can be used to set environment variables
Run the plugin and deploy the certificate to the server. This is the main entry point for
Create missing permissions for metrics that are restricted and are not in view_menu_set.
Migrate add_message_prefix to add_message_prefix_to_message_prefix
Compare two points in y - ascending order.
Read a P2G file and return it as a numpy. ndarray.
Get the full path to the repository.
Return the state of the process with the given pid.
Test install folder using relative path.
Check if the given function name is a valid JSONP function name.
Returns a string representation of the severity of a given check.
Print a warning if activetcl or teapot is installed.
Format a list of files as JSON and return the number of errors.
Resume a connection to a remote server.
Get a team from the request. If the team is closed and the user is not an
Persist the current QClipboard to the QApplication.
Batch - inverse of an array.
Get the next frame in the media stream.
Reindex the answers of the given Question instance.
Create a descriptor from a Fiselddescriptor proto.
Prunes constant expressions from the given LINO expression.
Returns a list of all available languages for the current database.
Get a permission resolver for the given resource type.
Check if a given employee is a holiday.
Simplify a path to make sure that all points in the path are within a certain radius
Return True if the given entry should be excluded from the given list of languages.
Perform a dig on the given host.
Return a tuple of the plugin_requests and the configurator that will be used to configure the
Get the bytes from a bitstring. If the bitstring is not a string return the
Reduce the derivation of a residue in a list h to a single residue in z.
Joins a list of strings into a single string. If the list is already a string it
Get a list of all the blogs for the currently logged in user.
Hash a password using the given digestmod iterations and saltsize.
Returns the validity of the given registration_code. If the registration_code is not found
Test the section description of the config data.
Compute the constraint of a sphere.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the entry should be skipped based on the type of the spec.
Return True if the dtype can be represented as a string or a list of strings.
Delete one or more devices from a mountpoint.
Return a list of filenames of all plugins in the current directory.
Yields nitems items in a format. If testobj is not str_ it will
Setup shed tools for testing.
Check if a project is absent.
Computes the summary of a collection by adding the given contributor_id_to_add to
Compare a movie shot with the expected one and save it if it is less than or equal
Return a dictionary of options for project - pifacc.
Randomly shuffle a list of numpy arrays and return a tuple of the same elements.
Load an image from a file and return it as a numpy array.
Find an IP address in the given EC2 instance. If no device_id is specified
Add a code cell to work_notebook.
Create a unique version for an item based on its version_fields.
Run a simple multilink.
Generate a file with the given namespace function and write it to dest_dir.
Parse a header value into a list of links.
Verify the signature of a message against a list of certificates.
Get the name of the init script.
Return the virtual name of this module.
Read sss_ctc from a. ctc file and return as a dict.
Return information about the operating system.
Test the design matrix of an RGB and YUV data set.
Corrects the predicted values of mat against the predicted values of p. If target is None
Connect to an SSH server and return a transport object.
Create a module and its parents from the given module name.
Parse patterns spec and ignore patterns spec into a list of patterns and a list of patterns to
Ensure that the named service is running. If the service is not running then start it.
Eject the DMP coefficients from f to u using the given eject function k.
Generate a unique identifier for the given UPID. This is used to generate a unique identifier
Read count bytes from the given file - like object and return as a list of numbers.
Encrypt a message with the given key.
Read the contents of a file into a Python object.
Randomly shuffle the list of songs.
Validate that a string is a valid slug.
Decorator for wtforms2 and up to the current version of wtforms.
Test create tuple with unit = degree and unit = hourangle.
Return a list of keys that match the pattern.
Handler for the thread_edited thread_deleted comment_edited and comment_deleted events.
Return a numpy dtype that can be used to calculate the sum of a numpy array.
Send a message to a project.
Updatenamespace the item s tag with the new_namespace and all its children.
Returns True if the route_dist is a valid route_dist attribute.
Return a hex dump of the given data. The data must be in hex format.
Helper function to repeat api_call indefinitely until no more data is returned.
Return a salted HMAC of the given value using the given key salt and secret key.
Unfreeze a container.
Add a moderator user to a forum.
Get a list of all tags for the entry.
Send a shutdown signal to the given port. If the port is transparent the shutdown signal will
Create a new EC2 volume with the given uuid.
Return an imperative or subjunctive mood based on the given sentence.
Test API create invalid membership no email no user.
Render the last_updated field of the object.
Given an iterator and a resource return a sink that can be used to write the given resource
Return a list of all IPsecPolicy objects
Import a package or raise a MissingPackage exception if it cannot be imported.
Return the ssh interface for the given VM.
Sample rois from the ROI table.
Return the encoding of the given text or None if the text is not a valid encoding.
Return the current line number of the current file or None if there is no current file.
Return information about the gluster volume. If no name is provided the information about all the
Get the mod function from the callback string.
Takes a list of numbers and returns a list of numbers with the majority of the numbers
Set the index of a DataFrame to match the index of a series or list of series.
Make a DELETE request to the given URL using the given profile dictionary.
Remove an element from a list of pixels from a point in the image.
Slice the DMP function f at index j in the order m n with index u.
Renders an icon tag with the given attributes.
Returns the FQDN of the current process.
Setup the platform for use with the Hass API.
A noop function that always returns None. This function is intended to be used as a no
Evaluate the given code with the given variables and raise an exception if the code fails to evaluate
Returns the current platform distribution as a string. If the platform distribution is the same as the
Clear the buffer from the remote connection.
Raise an error if obj is not a cuda ndarray.
Create an image from a list of values.
Takes a list of models and returns a list of model classes that can be added to the
Return the source of a file from the cache or None if the file does not exist.
Check if a file exists in the given path. If filename is not specified it will be
Show the properties of a hosted service
Execute a high state call with the given data. The data is expected to be a dict
Swap axis1 and axis2 of y along the same dimension.
Set the name of the carrier to be used for the current request.
Return the crafted text from the given text. If the text is empty return the
Convert a dictionary to a JSON formatted string pretty - printing.
Build a header string from title date author categories tags slug status and attachments.
Set the list of nodes that will be used to connect to the server. This is useful
Test an expression against a list of allowed_codes and return a compiled version of the expression
Create a tf. train. feature from a list of bytes.
Process s3 rheader.
Render a template as XML and return it as a HTTP response.
Create a SQS queue with the given name. If the queue already exists it will be overwritten
Given a list of predictions return a list of top_n predictions sorted by tag.
Run a random number generator on the file system and assert that it is called once.
Get the branch and file name from a branchfile string.
Compare two strings for equality. Uses the hmac module if available. Otherwise uses the standard Python
Start a process by name. Returns True if the process is started False if the process is
Returns a list of all messages from all javascript files in the current app. If app_
Add a port to a bridge.
A context manager to archive a zip file into a temporary directory and delete the temporary directory.
Convert an XR string to a keyset string.
Computes the linear interpolation between y and x. If weights is not specified then the linear interpolation
Copy the stat information from src to dst using os. utime and os. chmod.
Get the next URL from the request.
Swaps the first letter of a string with the second letter with the third letter with the
Parse a raw server string into a dictionary of addresses and whether it is SSL or not.
Get a list of all issues in a given state. If pulls is set to True
Update the tests in the autotest_dir based on the samples in str_.
Test that a template is valid. This is useful if you want to test a template.
Return an antonym of the given text.
Checks that the config is a dictionary and that all of its attributes are present in attrs.
Return the lm of a polynomial f on a list of gens. Returns the lm of
Creates the default groups in the database.
Export the states of a given exploration id to a dictionary of YAML data.
Run a git command with the given title and command.
Make a certificate signed by the given private key and ca cert and ca private key.
Check if a connection has been dropped.
Test that the validation k - folds have the same number of samples as the training and
Update the profile picture data url for a given user.
Returns a list of specialized types for the given type.
Helper function to simplify a single match.
Return True if ltyp is a pointer.
Check if a file exists in a set of include directories.
Run code in run_globals. If init_globals is not None then update it with
Redirect to another page with status code 303. This is useful when you want to see
Format a timestamp to be used in the email. utils. formatdate function.
Store a new ticket for a bridge.
Generate a valid slug for a given source and language.
Get a list of mirror URLs for the given hostname. If no hostname is given the default
Calculate the average acovf of an ARMA signal.
Add a new link to the subreddit.
Test for permutation - clustering test.
Return True if the ceph keyring is present.
Encode a string to base64 and return the result as a bytes object.
Unzips a dictionary of parameters into a new dictionary. The keys are the keys of
Handles the net command - line entry point for the tenant.
Given a CSR return a dictionary of extensions that can be used to generate a CSR.
Get UUID from label.
A timer that runs conesearch on num_ seconds.
Returns the url for a given viewname with the given args and kwargs. If no locale
Get the last http error from the current thread.
Test prewitt filter horizontally using prewitt_h.
Installs a wx application in the main thread. This function is called when the application is
Load a comparable X. 509 certificate from a file or file - like object.
Sends an e - mail to the admins in the settings. admin_list setting.
Process an SVG element polyline node.
Test a volume source space from a label.
Get the email preferences for a list of user_ids.
Return the number of bytes of physical memory in bytes.
Get a secret from the secrets manager.
Publishes progress to Frappe. async. publish_progress.
Creates an image on the specified server.
Returns a list of resource events for the given request.
Mark the database as dirty.
Updates the permissions of a client in an export. If the client is not in the list
Return a boolean indicating whether x is inf or not. If x is a string return a
Compute the M - Fourier transform of a matrix of size n.
The helpful_vote view is a view that can be used to view a document. It
Get the full path to a file in a directory. Returns str_ if not found.
Compute the FFT of x using the given windows. The window is assumed to be in the
Update the forum role membership for a student.
Get the size of a directory in bytes.
Append an XML text node to a parent element.
test_drange - test the range of datetimes and return a range of datetimes
Convert unicode string to HTML string.
Get the list of models to patch.
List all tmux config files in the tmux_config_directory.
Register with - arg checks to delete a local VRF table.
Get the plugin module for a given filename. If no plugin is found None is returned.
Update user s subject_interests.
Check if an element is focused on the page.
Generate a secret key for the given order and secexp hash_func and data.
Test make_aware_use_tz_false.
Remove a volume from the system and put it away.
Return a list of all pids in the procfs path.
Return a copy of the loop with all intersection elements removed.
Generate a random name for an image file.
Return the relative value of x.
Open a file as a directory database and return it as a file - like object.
Install the node and python prerequisites and log the installed node and python prere
Select an item from a list or tuple.
Set a value in a nested dictionary at a given dot - path or list.
Get the python path to the scrapy project.
Require a password change.
Generate a list of python paths for the given package. If the package is a catkin
Return a dictionary with the computer name and whether the computer is in the pending state or not
Return a generator that yields only unique items from the input sequence.
Set the agent settings for a given contact location and services. If no services are provided all
Read the signature from an ed25519 signature file.
Call the API with the given request and response. If the call fails the response is returned
Compute singlevalued measures from a networkx networkx object.
Merge sort of a list of lists.
Return True if object is a function.
Test pooling with an anonymous variable.
Convert a JSON string to a string.
Calculate the CDL3 outside of a list of bards.
Get the display names of the credit providers for a given course.
Follow a user in the database. If the user is not a logged in user will be
Retrieve a file from the server. If share_key is not provided the request will be
Construct an algebraic field from a list of sympy coefficients.
Return a tuple of the powers of num_ to the highest power of p.
Look up a MailexChange by name and return a dict of the result.
Return the virtual function to use for this module. If the module is not available return False
Test keypoints. censure_scale_range_error.
Convert a unicode string to a local string.
Strips leading and trailing whitespace from a string.
Delete a message. If the user is logged in the message will be deleted. If the
Get a list of lan s IP address.
Get the backing file of a disk image.
Change the GID of a process. Returns True if the GID is the same as
Get the version number from the version file. Raises runtimeerror if the version file is not
Check if the RT table is available on the local machine. Return True if the RT table
Notify about the usage of an instance.
Remove a root from a list of paths.
Wrap the given text to the given number of characters.
Bulk rename a document in a CSV file.
Return a boolean indicating whether an element of an array is one of a list of choices.
Get the registration object for the given email address.
Convert a 2d constant to a 1d constant.
Display a failure to associate a user with an OpenID token. If the user is logged in
Polls a process until it returns a non - none value. If suppress_errors is
Test output of table with success colorless.
Assert that actual is less than or equal to desired and less than or equal to tol.
Parse the source and return the first table in the votable.
Render the top - level actions for the review request.
Get the URI prefix to use for the desktop. This is used to generate the URI prefix
Enable a module if it is not already enabled. If the module is already enabled the module
Returns true if the polya is full inside polyb. polya and polyb must
Return the crafted text from the given text.
p_iteration_statement_2 p_iteration_statement_3
Extract a boolean value from a string.
Test that the world should be able to absorb class s and spew methods.
Test that the bokeh main module is the same as the bokeh version.
Return True if the class is abstract False otherwise.
Get the coursetalk course key from a course key.
Check if a file - like object is readable or not.
Returns True if the user can edit the group_profile. If the user is a lead
Submits the calculate_may_enroll_csv task to the request object.
Check for link destinations in a container.
Convert MNCs to MVSCK.
Get the piversion of the system.
Run a command and return its stdout.
Returns a list of manipulated paths for the given loop.
Setup the axes for the 2D plot.
Calculate the cone of an individual at a given position.
Test fit function for single class neighbourhood cleaning rule.
Test unit summary prefixes.
Temporarily disable requests. Sessions in the context of a context manager.
Returns the minimum value in the range [ low high ). If the value is not an
Return the hash of the given file.
makenewresponse returns the kverifyresponserenewedexpired reference
Try to get an external IP address. If it fails try to get it from the hostname
Set a new resource with a random poc metadata author and a random category.
Get a socket for the given conf. If conf. cert_file or conf. key
Raise an error if the crypto library is not available.
Return a REST endpoint for the theme project.
Max along a given axis.
Return True if the string is in the front - end of the Qt console otherwise False.
Return a list of all services that are disabled on the system.
Return a list of supported uri schemes.
Get the documentation from vim and print it to stdout.
Return a copy of the panel with the base_panels_from_pillar merged with
Get the current SQLite database connection.
Update the options of a model.
Get the display time zone from a time zone name.
Test power expansion.
Load mimetypes from a list of locations.
Test that a port is valid. This is done by checking that the port is valid.
Set the time limit for a task.
Return the effective price of the unit of the given offer on the given line.
Associate a floating IP address with a CloudStack instance.
Render a dashboard column.
Delete a queue from the specified region.
Check if the given string is a valid fingerprint. If check_prefix is set to True
Insert a primitive tab into the given course.
Return the logarithm of x using the logarithm of num_. If num_ is
Greedily wrap a string into lines of a certain width. If the string is longer
Return a list of all substrings in the string that are in the trie.
Send a worker control request to the LBN. Returns True if the request was successful
Assert that item1 is before item2.
Test the sensor value from the code and fire a Pilight message.
Returns a string with the given number rounded to the given number of decimal places.
Waits for a snapshot to have a given status. Raises a snapshotbuilderrorexception
Read two strings from a matrix and return them as a string. The first string is the
Create an option_values object with a fake option_values object.
Fix up ins and del tags in a document.
Print the Julia code for the given expression.
Return a list of locations ordered by date.
Get an image from a file in the test_data_root directory.
Call a service on a sample. This is the main method of the service. It will
Blends an image onto a canvas.
Parse a perforce date string into a datetime. datetime object.
Returns a list of all regions in the current region.
Returns a list of lines with the duplicateword removed. If the duplicateword is already present
Register a schema for a given path.
Print a summary of the results.
Format the given string with the given args and kwargs and return the result as a string.
Extract the Tomcat version from the output of the tomcat command.
Return a list of tooltest objects for each test in the given tests_source.
Get a new speed repository.
Returns a random integer of length n with the highest possible value. If n is less than
Upload a project to a remote repository.
Allocate a new value in memory and store it in the builder. If the value already exists
Convert a numpy array to a numpy complex array.
Create a new Wsgi resource.
Adds a host to an aggregate.
Return the backing file name of the given volume.
Return an iterator over the keywords of all registered plugins.
Returns a list of all the power types in the system.
Reloads the module s childs and calls callbackchildnotforresult for the given string.
Login to the Google Voice server using the provided email and password.
Returns a 403 response if the user is not authorized to access this resource.
Return a dictionary with the given name and whether it is present in the system or not.
Call libvlc_printerr to print the error message and return the result as a string
Compute the trend mode of a dataset.
Parse input spec and return a vgsl_input. imageshape object.
Get the tag library for the given library name. If the library does not exist it will
Return the path to the current runtime.
Returns a list of all the models in the database.
Requires the given packages and returns True if the package is installed and False if it is not
Show the vocabulary for a given model.
Return a list of all inactive VMs.
Get the name of the package from the data dict.
Parse a comma separated list of tokens into a list of tokens.
Retain the media list from the list of available media. If the media list is not
Remove excessive. pyc files from a given path.
Return the url for the given module and filename.
Include debug CSS in S3.
Check if the percent field is aligned or not. If so return True otherwise return False.
Called when a file is deleted from the database. This method is called when a file is
Return the number of bits needed to store a string in a Python int.
Check if an upgrade is available for the given package name.
Return a normalized version of the given URL.
Initialize the parameters from a dictionary of options.
Return the commutation matrix for the given p and q matrices.
Test the distance comparison of kpc and mpc.
Convert a hex value into a colon hex string.
Checks that all scenarios are selected with the given command line.
Generate a managed section from the agent_nodes in the cluster.
Format a number of seconds into a human - readable string.
Fetch streams for a plugin in an infinite loop. If there are no streams return none.
Test float range for 3. 0 - > 3. 0 - > 3. 0.
Get the arrows from a loop with a given radius and threshold ratio.
Check if the response is valid. If not raise an error. If the response is valid
Project a vector v onto a vector w.
Complete a list of rules for a given command.
Computes the summary of a given exploration. If the exploration has no summary the summary
Remove all vouches from the user s vouches_received list and redirect to
This function is called when the application is initialized. It will initialize the cache directory tag and
Get an object from the session s identity map. If the object is not found return None
Log a warning message to the root logger. If no root logger has been configured the basic
Run a test on the project bar and return the result as a string. This is useful
Get the minimum value of a list of complex paths.
Return a new multiprocessing. Manager instance.
Check if the given alphabets are compatible with DNA RNA and PROTEIN
Check if a role exists in the database.
Setup the platform with the given configuration and add the devices to the list of available switches.
Delete one or more objects from the datastore asynchronously.
Execute a job in a given site. If async is True the job will be executed asynchronously
Sanitize a default value to be used as the default value for an IP address.
Calculate the duration in seconds for the given number of samples and sample rate.
Return the name of the dynamic go type of the given object.
Parse the sizespec and weight into a list of partitionspec objects.
Return a list of qualified targets that have the given target.
Convert html to string and append it to the end if it s not an HTML string.
Get a random app id from a remote url.
Create a tablib. dataset. Dataset from a list of rows.
Delete a zone
Returns a scatter property for the given entity_pb.
Unregister a mimetype handler.
Log the user out and redirect back to the login page.
Compute down the leaves of the expression and return the result as a sqlalchemy. sql.
Return True if filename is empty or cancelled.
Given a list of instance ids enter a standby state for the specified autoscaling group.
Return a list of IPv6 addresses for the given interface.
Get the path to the stylesheet file relative to the settings. stylesheet_path or settings.
Call the given symbol with the given keyword arguments. If the symbol is not registered an exception
Check the environment variables and print them if they are valid. If exitonfail is True
Return a list of the MPTT results for the given class.
Test for rfill full string.
Assert that all objects in a list are instances of a given class.
Return the current UID for a given zpool.
Reloads the CSF configuration from the server. This command is not supported on Windows.
Strip the object_transient_sysmeta_prefix from the given key.
Rename an existing file or copy it to a new location. If the old file is a
Broadcast multiple arrays and return the result as a list of numpy. ndarrays.
Start a new virtual machine.
Test the volume s source space.
Return the path to the ipset command
Render the template to a KML string and return it as a HTTP response.
Add positives and negatives to the list of positives and negatives.
Install a package if it doesn t already exist.
Raises a Jinja2 exception with the given str_ as the error message.
Test the sum of the rows and columns of a scaled array.
Return the machine name of the machine running on this machine or None if the machine is not
A filter that replaces all occurrences of a string with a single unicode string.
Test that a feature is loaded from file sets and a scenario line and a file name.
Return a datetimetologstring for the given mssince epoch.
divide f by g by k and return the polynomial q and r. k must be
Return a hash of the contents of a file. If the file is a directory return the
Split a sequence into n chunks. If no length is given the length of the sequence is
Returns a set of all the components of a function f to x.
Check if a pending registration should be approved.
Assert that two polynomials are close.
Given a topic rule name delete it. Returns True if the rule was deleted False otherwise.
Launches a softwareswitch on the specified port.
Test completion for default parameters.
Recursively copy files and directories from src to dst using the mergecopy function.
Replace all XML - escaped symbols in a string with their corresponding XML - escaped symbols.
Build a page from the given rex and kwargs. If the rex is not a string return
Convert a bytestring to a unicode string for use in SQLAlchemy s bytelower
This justin prints the given command or the given username if no command is given.
Execute a SQL statement in a concurrent fashion with the given arguments.
Verify an OAuth request. If the request is not valid return False. Otherwise return True.
Load the model from a file.
Return a list of variables that can be accessed by the HRM.
Ensure a role is absent.
Returns True if the string is a channel.
Upload a template to the remote server and reload it if it is the same as the local
Uplink Busy Packet
Replace all HTML - escaped characters with their corresponding XML - escaped value.
Return a query to filter items based on the given arguments.
Create a sub - nav link with the given text and action. This function is deprecated.
Commit a list of files to a repository.
Check if a string is a valid type in the column of an ARM file.
Extract items from a tab and return it as a dict.
Split a URL into a path and a query string. If the URL contains no query string
Handle a namespace entry in the given path_item. If the entry is a namespace entry
A context manager that runs a series of functions in a nested context. This is useful for
Convert a number of mcycles into seconds.
Get the descriptions speed from the given lines.
Test install from file index hash link.
Returns vim. vm. device. VirtualE1000e or vim. vm. device.
Run all tests.
Get the class of the user s profile. If the user s profile is not defined return
Set the location list of the vim process.
Condense semicolons in a CSS string.
Return the HMAC - SHA256 digest of the given message using the given key.
Get a metadef namespace by id.
Collate the given expression with the given collation. The expression can be a string or a
Filter a string using a regular expression pattern.
Return True if the named plugin is enabled on the system.
Convert a datetime. timedelta object to a float number of seconds.
Read a decimalnl_short from a file - like object or file - like object.
Remove all files that match a pattern from the current directory and all sub - directories.
Return a regular expression pattern to look up the table of contents for the given index name.
Convert a string into a chunk of data that can be written to a file.
Partition a list of nodes into a list of nodes with the same number of nodes as the
Return a list of nodes that can be included in the extend_node.
Test page links plugin show all.
Remove an element from its parent and add it to the tail of the parent s text.
Check if login is fresh.
Checks if the given string is a valid IP address.
Parse a list of kinds and sizes and return the sizes known and the total number of kinds
Get a map of the attributes of the given object.
Move a stored file from src_path to dest_path using the given storage object.
Loads the default imagefont from a base64 encoded string and returns a PIL. Image object
Parse a format method string and return a tuple of keys num_args and the number of
Return the private key for a given CA. If as_text is set to True the
Return a list of arguments to be passed to the crawl command.
test annotate text UTF32 directly index into unicode.
Get the geometryoutput by connection start and connection end.
Get the value of a hash field.
Make a local path from a string.
Print the search string in debug mode.
Test that the script is imported as an import.
Return the max absolute value of a given array of absolute values. If the array is empty
Setup the NVR connection to the Hass device.
Show the version of sopel and the current commit.
Convert a list of file names to a filename.
Process a bitmap file and return a list of dictionaries.
Test system threading tasks.
Given a dictionary of XMObjects return a list of transformed XMObjects.
Check if obj is an instance of _set_binop_bases.
Cast an object to another class.
Return histogram of nbins pixels from the given image.
Check if the given value is a valid password. If so return it. Otherwise return the
Create an instance of the Tripledes class based on the implementation of the library.
Find the network with the given bridge.
Draw a graph using the spectral layout of the graph.
Align unaligned sequences using the HMM using the local_pairwise function.
Get the train and test datasets from the toy dataset library.
Prompt the user for a choice from a list of options. If no_input is True
This is the default error handler. It is called when a connection is closed or an error
Get the position of an instance in the vlm_media_list.
Print a list of parameters to stdout with precision threshold and edgeitems set to num_.
Skip the given function unless the root_urlconf is the same as the root_url
Parse the given autopart rule and return a dict with the parsed arguments.
Return a dict of reverifications for a given list of statuses sorted by date.
Get the current site.
Get the full path to the virtualenv.
Enable or disable ratelimits.
Convert a value to a numpy array and return it as a numpy. ndarray of the same
Generates a password for the given text. The text is expected to be in lowercase uppercase and
Test exit on collection with maxfail bigger than n errors.
Return the crafted text from the given text. If the text is empty return the
Test the negative distance of the u. kpc to the u. kpc.
Alter a retention policy.
Add a string to the output buffer.
Create a property that gets and sets the value of an attribute in a dictionary.
Get the contents of a file from S3 and delete it. If with_key is
Get the type of a type string. If the type is not found return the string.
Return an environment dict with ansible_output_dir and ansible_callback_whitelist
Get the IP address of a sentinel master.
Given a list of repository_dependencies return a tuple of boolean values indicating if there are repository
Returns an iterator over the given fields. If fields is a dict it will iterate over the
Remount the device to the root of the adb server. If the device is not
Send a message to a room using the notify_uri_v2 API.
Skew an array.
Add an XML tag to the end of the XML file at the specified depth.
tupletarget is a context manager that prints the target of the turplet.
Remove the number of characters from the beginning and end of a string.
Archive a list of sources into a package.
Return a prettified version of the given order line.
Get a list of groups in a project.
Return True if string is a canonical integer. If string is not a string return False.
Set up the environment to run all of the hosts on the server. This is useful for
Get the hybrid bridge name from the vif string.
Return a tuple of the sort key and the value of the match.
The default export transform function. If the value is None the default transform function is returned.
Returns True if the request provides CORS features. If the request does not provide CORS features returns
Raises an exception if the str_ is not a valid value error.
Return a list of rules that have been saved in the given configuration file.
Create a new database on the host. If the database already exists it will be overwritten.
Return the number of CPUs in the system.
Get the revision number from the describe command if it exists. Otherwise return the number of lines
Convert a version string into a tuple of integers.
Read a group feed and return it as an html string.
Initialize the viewer with the given dataset and rows and cols. The viewer is a patchviewer
Concatenate all the values of a list of models into a single string.
Run the main loop of the event loop. This is the main loop that runs the event
Returns a colored version of the given text with the given color on_color and attributes.
Get the package name from a file path.
Join a string with the given separator between HTML and HTML. This is useful when you want
Add a list of models to _syncing_models.
Get the package info from the given module. If no module is given the package info is
Sort nodes by namespace uri and local name.
Train the model using the given minimize_ops and num_epochs number of unrolls
Resizes the tab to match the given data. This function is called when the user press
Return True if path is a file or directory.
Calculates the default variables based on the flavor of the given parameters. If the flavor is not
Return a set of all snippet files that match the given pattern.
Get the current metadata from a list of items.
Given a list of test_songs return a list of test_sids.
Get the value of an annotation on a node.
Get the snapshot data from the given repository. If no repository is specified the data from the
Return the next session counter.
Write a string table to an XF file.
Raises an exception of the given class with the given arguments and configuration.
Convert a dispatch to a Python object. If the dispatch is not a python object it will
Show a debug error message to the user.
Return True if any of the ignore_test_paths match the given path.
Load a glyph from a font file into a dictionary of glyphs.
Return the first and last day of the month in the given date.
Return a list of registered notification drivers.
1 - D Pinv function for 1 - D P - matrices.
Ceil shift n by b bits. Negative numbers are not supported. Negative numbers are
Rotates the given axis around the given angle. The axis is assumed to be in radians
Return True if an upgrade is available for the given name.
Get the commit message for a suggestion.
Sends an e - mail to the user s email queue.
Decorate a function to allow public access. If called with no arguments the function will be
Returns a list of fields for a given resource that are in valid_field_types.
Calculate the rotation matrix between two points p and q and return the result as a numpy array
Test the get and set vector of a dummy model. This is useful when you want to
Return a list of all enabled and disabled plugins.
Return the grains from the master
Prepare the value to be used in a lookup.
Read a normal table and check it s column names and values are the same as str_
Convert an array of numbers to a string.
Return a list of serviceagents that match the given query string.
Detect all executable paths in a list of source_values.
Set properties for an image.
Set gl_entries_by_account for a given company from from_date to to
Returns a list of messages from a given report.
Quote a string for use with urllib. parse. quote and urllib. parse. quote_
Initialize the global configuration variables for the OS 2 system.
Convert a datetime object to a date string.
Find the migration repository. If none is found a new one will be created and returned.
Process a list of rules for a given match rule. If the match rule is a rule
Injects the command into the arguments and environment. This is the main entry point for the
Convert a string into an IPv6 address.
Returns the number of lines and width of the terminal. If no file is given the current
Convert a dense batch to a sparse matrix.
Cache a local file if it doesn t already exist. If it doesn t exist it will
Return the url to remove the tag from a question.
Inject functions from pyopengl2 into _pyopengl2. _functions_to
Get a remote URL from a git repository.
Check if two rectangles are collided by hitmask1 and hitmask2.
Extract the error message from a page.
Set the proxy to use. If no proxy is specified the default proxy will be used.
Check if the given name is ignored.
Get the title for a given VLM media instance.
Start logging to a file or file - like object. Returns a file - like object.
Ping the server to see if it is still alive. Return True on success Return False on
Return a list of servers that should be bypassed by the proxy.
Parse a Korean onblog date string into a datetime. datetime object.
Generate a unique identifier for a new entry.
Get the phylogenetic metric for the given metric name.
Test warning when config_google_home_listen_port is called.
Decode a base64 encoded string into a unicode string.
Generate a random salt.
Format a list of bytes and return a response with the number of bytes and the number of
Create a base cipher from the given key and parameters. If use_aesni is True
Add XML from a list of vertexes at a given depth.
Split an iterable into n chunks.
Returns the environment variable for the given segment_info. If no variable is specified the default
Get the access key from the environment.
Get the current job from the stack.
Remove a directory recursively if it is empty. If the directory is empty and ignore_metadata
Return True if votes are visible for the given user.
Returns a list of scopes for the given services. If no services are given all scopes are
Return a list of indices of characters in a string that are inserted before the extended string.
Remove leading lines from a list of lines.
Check that the bower version is valid. If not raise a commandexecutionerror
Return the name of an item.
Generate a random password of the given length.
Return the crafted text from the given text. If the text is empty return the
Create a manifest object from an XML file.
Convert a plaintext string into an HTML string. If container_tag is set to True the
Return the number of ports in acknowledgement.
Format a file size as a human - readable string.
Add qute settings handler to the qute scheme.
Concatenate two or more numpy arrays.
Load the readline library and set the global variable rl_completion_suppress_append.
Resizes a promo image and returns the hash of the resized image.
Check if the given action is required.
Submits a draft for review.
Sends an e - mail to the user that the user has contacted.
Create a rebulk generator that finds all languages in the subtitle.
Copy a query option stoprotocolbuffer to a params object.
Calculate the angle and axis of a matrix.
Return the first and last name of a user in S3.
Split a quoted string into a tuple of the quoted string and the rest of the string.
Register a list of packets with the SRP protocol.
Update dict_to with values from dict_from. Raises keyerror if key already exists
Create a new user in the database.
Load a list of images from a list of filenames.
Generate a generatetab of the given depth.
Create a recurring run for the given job_id.
Return True if x is at the origin.
Updates the extra specs for a volume type. If the volume type does not exist it creates
Find all tests in the given test directory.
Add a time unit to a time.
Initialize the logger with the given parameters. If no handler is given the default handler will be
Contrast all pairs in a matrix.
Get the root device name from a dictionary of properties.
Filter a time series using lfilter_zi and return a zi array.
Returns the vocabulary of all the tags in the database.
Test pick_channels and pick_types mixin.
Add an ownership element to the XML parent element.
Get the leftmost point in a sequence of complex numbers.
Initialize the database for the given app.
Returns a list of all VolumeTypes associated with a QoS Specification.
Convert a protobuf timestamp to a datetime. datetime.
Get or set the cache id for a given service and name. If invalidates is set
Package a geonode package to the dist folder.
Set the logger class.
Return the minimum index of a dataset.
Calculate the fermat of a number n.
Get a BeautifulSoup object from the given url. If backend is not specified try to get the
Evaluate the diffusion matrix for a multi - residue diffusion matrix g and a.
Send a notification of a new language for a user in a subproject.
Compute the kernel between two data points.
Make a link to a backup of a volume.
Show a single job.
Get a zone by name and whether or not it is a private zone or a VPC ID
Check if a potential file is in a list of matches. If so add it to matches
Open a resource with the given name and return a file - like object.
Entry point for the xlsx2py script.
Create a pairtree marker if it doesn t already exist.
Return a list of nodes and edges that can be used in a single graph.
Factory function for creating a container controller instance.
Temporarily silence stdout and stderr.
Test constrain_filter_max_norm.
Test the delimiter of a string.
Get a dictionary of readme files to be displayed in the console.
Read a croninfo. txt file and return a list of croninfo. CronInfo objects
Returns a list of gated milestones for the given user in the given course.
Create a certificate issuer identifier for the given vault and name.
Check if the user has the given permission for the given group or organization.
Train the pylearn2 test dae. yaml file using limited epoch training.
Replace escaped characters in text with their corresponding values.
Parse rarefaction file name into base name seqs_per_sam iters and
Print information about a virtual machine.
Parse a range header into a list of tuples.
Get the file name and the module name of the current Python module.
Create a new version for the given addon and upload.
Return a list of all available modules on the system. If desc is set to True the
Calculate the computecompression rate from the file size and the file size of the file.
Add a translation file to a plugin s translations folder.
Get the type of the test result based on the number of tests in the test suite.
Check if the url is in the list of protocols. If not return a boolean_.
Nopackages all packages in pkg_list. If any of the packages are not
Get the Numba type for a datashape.
Print a bokehjs action to the console.
Returns a datetime object from a uuid1 string.
Create a DHCP options resource.
Scan the reader for variables and return them as a list of tuples. The first tuple is
Convert an array to a contiguous array with the given dtype. If dtype is None the array
Return the angle of the interior overhang of the given element node in radians.
Runs the lookup_candidates pipeline in order to find candidates in the paths in the task.
Remove the language from the page and mark it as pending if the publisher is draft.
Get a parameter from the request if it exists. If it does not exist return the default
Initialize the module with the given state. Return True on success Return False on failure.
Returns a new dictionary containing the values of dict_a and dict_b.
Compute the inverse of the idzr_id function for a given array of dimensions k
Return a generator that yields tuples of verbose_name and model.
Return the image type for a given VDA file.
Return a list of all the nodes in the specified provider. If no provider is specified the
Check if a device exists.
Test markers with a random normal distribution.
Prompt the user for a password and store it in the local dictionary.
Create a delimited list from the given expression using the given delimiter. If combine is set to
Return a list of all test cases in the given module.
Returns a list of all pci devices for the given instance uuid.
Benchmarks the R6 test.
Generate a unique JID.
Remove a file or directory from the filesystem. If the file does not exist raise an exception
Return the QApplication instance.
Return a list of objects that depend on the device memory.
Get the current version of the server. If profile is not specified the default profile will be
Connect to an IronPython database and return a connection object.
Get the doc for a given command.
Get a random key that decrements the current time by a tie breaker.
Return True if the file is a tty or False if it s a file - like object
Convert a numpy array of RGB values to a NumPy array of RGBA values.
Checks to see if there is a duplicate IPN object with the same txn_id.
Return a list of all checks for the agent. If no agent is configured return all checks
Helper function to create a new vim. vm. device. virtualidecontroller object.
Get a binary blob from an image.
Stop profiling memory.
Return a unicode object from p. If p is already a unicode object it will be returned
Return a datetime. date object from a string. If the string is not a valid date
Return the id of the longest id in a sequence or None if there are no ids.
A context manager that raises an exception if the exception is raised. If the exception is raised
Add a list of endpoints from a segment to a list of endpoints. This function is called
Simplify a parser_return object.
Convert a version string into a tuple of version_info_t objects.
Change the user and group ownership of a file or directory.
Return the managedcloud config value.
Check if help_text starts with command_name. If it does return a list of
Return an OpenIDConsumer instance for the given request. The OpenIDStore instance will be used to
Chomp the commit offset from the given version string.
Check if a hostname is valid.
Get the current time of the media played by the media player.
Get a simple version string from a version string.
Convert an IP4 address to a hex string.
Run a function in a WSGI environment. If the function is called from the command line
Open a connection to the given host and port. The host and port parameters are the host
Return the float conjugate of num_.
cxcounter is a function that can be used to create a cxcounter of two
Lowess - Bisquare test.
Split a host into its host and port. If no port is found None is returned.
Generate the code for a template node.
Read the end of an end - of - archive record from the file - like object fp
Raise a comma at the end of the logical line if it is not a reraise
Compute the location of the MNE coil.
Get a list of locale directories for the current working directory.
Get the adapter name and IP address for a given mac address.
Redirect to the s3 index page. This is a shortcut to s3_redirect_
Minify a javascript string.
Removes a security group from a server.
Helper function for nodeitem_tooltip.
A bad request handler that renders a templatedoes template with the given context.
Validate an XML file against an XSD.
Test the description of a scenario.
Compute the HCCM covariance matrix for the given results.
Send email to all users of a given type. This task is run in a separate thread
Print the basic debug information for this object.
Log a message at the given level.
A view that adds a new changeset status to the user s profile. This view can be
Deconstructs a timestamp and device ID from an asset ID. If reverse_ts is
Return a function that can be used as a virtual function. If the module is not installed
Sends a consumer email to piston.
Return a list of all certificates associated with a service
Escape a string for use in an SQL statement. If quote is True the string will be
A dictsortreversed decorator. Sorts a dictionary in reverse order using a property resolver
Normalizes a floating point number to a multiple of num_. If the number is less than
Goes through a text string and expands or shortens it if it s a URL
Remove the compiled application and redirect to the current page.
Return the long description of the project.
Return a list of transactions for the logged in user. If the user has permission to view
Set the backup mode to be used when creating a backup file. If no backup file is
Get a logger instance.
Return the url for the given view_name. If _absolute is True then return the
Check if a function is primitive in the x0 ring.
Patch the threading module and the gevent event module.
Check if the current operating system supports AVX.
The yank_nth_arg function is used to yank the nth argument of
Unescape a string and return it as a string. If the string is not a string
Returns the language of the given path or None if the path does not contain a valid language
Given a list of paths return a list of arround points with a given radius.
Clean up image files that are older than a certain number of seconds.
Get the supported language variant for a given language code.
Make sure that the testlist is a list. If it s a tuple it will be
This is the main entry point for the Sopel module. It is the main entry
Create a list of test cases that can run on the allocated size of a byte unit.
Run a script in the script_dir.
A tumbolia example that sends a string to the tumbolia server.
Write a list of message descriptors to a binary stream.
Unlink an identity from a user.
Change the permissions of a file or a directory.
Make a file readable by setting it s mode to read_all.
Validate a commit message.
Return True if the given distribution is in the user s site.
Wait for a volume to be retypeed.
A class decorator to ensure that the class is unicode - compatible with Python 2 and 3.
Transpose a matrix so that it is vectorized.
Convert a color string to a color string.
Returns a datetime. datetime object representing the time until the given value. If the value is
Return the configuration string for the given family. If the family is str_ return str_
Serialize an object to a JSON string. If the object is a string it will be serialized
Get all UUIDs associated with a given host.
Delete a document from the database if it exists. If it does not exist nothing is done
Return a list of all the apps in the application directory.
Get the RFX object for a given RFX packet id.
Parse a list of sentences into a list of syntrees.
Get the PyOS input hook.
Return a tuple containing the result and parameters from the Jenkins API response.
Calculate the filename of the image to be uploaded to the announcements_photo_dir.
Detect if a given stream is a CSV file. If the stream is not a CSV file
Add a summary for each gradient in grads to the current graph.
Parse the credentials and return a tuple of the credentials.
Log a notice message if the logger is enabled for notice level.
Validate that value is an integer. If it is a string strip it. If it is
Write a string to the output buffer. If the string is already in the output buffer it
Get a dictionary of all available languages for a given site. If no site is given the
Convert a value to a JavaScript object.
Convert a string to a list of strings.
Read a PCAP file and return the contents as a list of bytes.
Drop any missing values from y and x. If x is none return y and x.
Return a list of dictionaries that match the given config.
Block a twitter screen name.
Fit the decision tree and test the decision tree.
List the virtual interfaces on the specified provider.
Save the buffer to the database.
Get a group type by id.
Convert a uidb36 to a base64 - encoded string.
Send a daily ratings email for each of the apps that have been created on the same
Enable a service on the system.
Add a protoc plugin to the blade config.
Test that the table t1 is grouped by a copy of the table t1.
Generate a breadth - first search of a graph.
Return the default node name for the given hostname.
Make a kpost request to the given url with the given data and return the result as
Find a file or directory in the current working directory. If all is set to True then
Find an element by CSS selector and wait until it is found.
Returns a list of available languages.
Returns a response with a success message when the password reset process is complete.
Try to find a readline library in the current file.
Returns a generator that iterates over the results of the given function. The function is called with
Test for a grid search.
Raises an AssertionError if first is not equal to second.
Create a stroke shape from a path.
Concatenate a list of tensors along a given axis.
Set a font in the configuration file.
Get a list of faults for a list of instance_uuids.
Get a list of breadcrumbs for the given query and path.
Validate a bug tracker URL.
Run a subprocess and wait for it to finish.
Get the context for the custom field. If the user is logged in the context will be
Rebuild the marshal from the marshalled string. Raise runtime error if the version of the
Get the index of the constant effects in the exog.
Get an open file descriptor or a server object for the given config.
Merge a list of hosts and roles into a single list of hosts.
Test require single existing key.
Returns a string with the number of decimal places rounded to the nearest num_ decimal places.
Click an element on the page.
Get the xunit function for the given object and name.
Read configuration from a file and return it as a Python object. If the file does not
Prepare ASIDEs to be stored in the ASIDE_STORE file.
Resume an instance.
Truncates HTML words to a certain length.
Return a dict of all the procs in the system. The keys are the process name and
Return True if the argument is the same as the argument in the function.
Checks that the given string is a valid GCS URI and if not adds a trailing slash if
Return the tooltip of the form field.
Get the numpy dtype for the given dtype.
Check if the addon is compatible with the current version of Olympia. If so
Get the gecos field from the pwd. pw_gecos field of the
Given a model and a list of indexes return a list of all the paths in the model
Check if a line is an assertisnone line. If so yield a tuple with the
Return a list of all files in root_dir.
Get a driver by name. If driver_name is not a string it will try to
Get the name of a function.
A context manager that clears the LRU cache and cleans it up after the context is
Get the next available DHCP lease for a given virtual machine.
Set the attributed dictionary by the given argument names.
Get a list of indices of minibatches of size minibatch_size.
Test that tabs are not included in the source code.
Load an object from a file path.
Expands the dimensions of an array into a new array.
Return True if all of the tensors are all close to the ones in a_tensors
Convert a list of issues to a dictionary.
Return the current filesystem encoding.
A view that displays a list of the beta signed events in the activity log. This view
Return a list of all the machine names in the system.
Get the mac address of the given interface.
Multiply this variable by the given constant.
generate_datafile_old - old version of generate_datafile.
Convert an element node to a geometry object.
Print a bar of the items in the iterable.
Reshape a 2D array to a 2D array. If the input is a 2
This method is called before the code is run. It is called before the code is run
Test that batch normalized MLP learn_scale propagation is propagated at alloc.
Embeds an album into an art file. If maxwidth is None the album will be
Run a command in the context of the current context.
Randomly seed the random number generator with the given number of samples.
Get a single user by username and check that it s not in the list of users.
Replace HTML and illegal unicode characters in an atom element with their original HTML.
Returns the mode bits for a symbolic link. The mode bits are set to mode & num
Calculate the sum of the values of a group of values.
Convert a container element node into a geometry.
Set the level and handlers of existing loggers to not set if they are in child_log
Get a list of hardware information for each client in the given client_list.
A linear function that returns the dot product of y with the vector a at time t.
Traverses a tensor and stores the result in a dictionary d.
Checks that the command output does not contain any text.
Map a list of requests to a list of responses. If stream is set to True the
Create a new flavor from a list of values.
Parse the command - line arguments and return the options and explicit file.
Returns the LCP array for a given string. The LCP is the length of the
Return the current offset of the file in the current working directory. If the file does not
Plot a set of points on the current axis with a polar color.
Return an xmldoc from the response body as UTF - 8. If the response body is
Set up logging for the given command line arguments.
Returns True if n is a tuple.
Patch emr. describe_step to enable patching of clustertimeline.
Return the path to a resource in a given virtual environment.
Return a sentinel object.
Remove a contributor from a document.
Adds a trailing slash to the end of the request URL.
Returns a list of packages that match the given search string.
Render a DSON file into a Python dictionary.
Redirect to the project s manage page.
Write the craft text to a file and open the SVG viewer.
This is the main entry point for the toolshedrepository command line toolshedrepository
Transmit a message to the lane stack.
Trigger a restart of the engine.
Detect and extract text from a set of input files.
Check if a requirement is available.
Updates the language in the session if the request method is str_. If the request method
Add a democamera device to the platform.
Validates that the value is a valid URL slug.
Test atomic download failure.
Create a set of pad parameters for the given curve value and threshold value.
Return a dict of all returners for a given job id.
Test the user - defined flag on the virtualenv to see if it is in the stdout.
Test the Rosetta - Rosenbrock function.
Test if there are no targets.
Get the current working directory.
Add a path to the list of infill paths.
List all VRRP instances.
Return a list of all release groups that are in the scenereleasegroup and an
Return the state of the parser at the given position in the given text. The state is
Return a generator that yields all of the annotations in the task that match the given annotation.
Get a list of categories ordered by category name.
Convert an IP address to binary format.
Check if a string looks like an IPv6 address and returns True if it looks like an
Return a list of ports that match the given name. If the name does not match any
Get the full path to the makefile.
A binary operator is a binary operator that is used to perform a binary operation on the expression
Poll for NICs and NICs before and after NICs.
Return the root directory of the given path.
Enable a job on the Jenkins server. If no name is given the job will be disabled
Create a new figure manager and return it.
Return a string that can be used as a template for a T - template.
Login a user using the crypto_login method. If the server is trusted the user will
Compute the sum of all the parts of the data.
Merge two dictionaries and return a new dictionary with the values in dict_1 or dict_
Convert a datetime. timedelta object to a number of days.
Serialize a Python object to a JSON string. If the object cannot be serialized an error is
Create a templated plugin with the given identifier template_name and kwargs.
Summarize the size of the firsts and others lists.
Returns the base name of a file or directory. If the file is a directory it will
Get a tenant by name.
Dump the contents of a file to the log. If head is None the contents of the
Calculate the gradient of a constant expression in the form of a csc_matrix.
Return the partition of the index value from the given divisions. If the divisions is
Decode a base64 string into a bytes object.
Test outdated editables.
Generate a random number of addons and a random category for each of them.
Distributes keys to the local machine.
Return a list of paths that can be manipulated.
Run on an appengine service.
Read a file from the vault and return it as a dict.
Disable password authentication on the sshd server.
Load the bucket data from the server.
Create a test image with the given size and number of spot count and radius.
Run isolationforest on the training data and predict on the test data.
Get a list of all the users in a database.
Return the current working directory.
Get the crafted text from the gcodetext. If the gcodetext is
Watch for changes in the state of a script or run it if it is a script.
Returns a pretty string representation of a frame relation type.
Get a pipeline for downloading a file from in_fd to out_fd.
Write a string of text to a file. If filename is not specified the string will be
Get a server from a service group.
Query the database for a user s notes.
Return a list of the arguments of a function.
Print an error message to stderr.
Indent text from from_row to to_row with count characters.
Return a JSON - able server error. If the request is an AJAX request it will return
Get a list of circleintersectionloops from a list of circleintersections.
Write the start of a block of a given kind.
Return a dictionary of the minions in which the given jid has been returned.
Restore the warnings. filters state from the given state.
Replace an absolute URL with an absolute one.
Get the color name for the given value.
Add referencetofile and path conflict.
Return the current system runlevel. If the system is not running the default runlevel is
Generate the indices of the features and samples for a bagging distribution.
Set an environment variable. If the value is a string it will be encoded as UTF -
Return an error object. If no arguments are provided an empty object is returned.
Return True if all elements in l are exactly n elements. If n is None return True
Butter - Law algorithm for butter - and - bulb - law.
Get a kernel file from a URL or a file path.
Test create_wedge_text function.
Return a list of netstat routes for netbsd
Create the init. py file for the given parent_dir and child_dir.
Returns True if the SWIFT is available and False if it is not. Returns False if
Test the extras after a wheel.
Perform the perceptron step of the Pearson - Pearson model.
PDF of the mean and standard deviation of a number of values.
Check if the current version is in the range of the version_min and version_max
mocked get_release_by_id returns a mocked version of the release with
float_doctest - Doctest function for float_doctest.
Create a small undirected graph with a bull graph with a small undirected graph.
Test if a function is running on a distributed server. If the function is running on a
Decode a base64 string using the standard Python module s b64_decode function.
Sanitize a filename so that it can be used as a filename for a file upload.
Group a list of ranges into a single list of ranges with the same number of elements.
Print an object in a pretty way.
Get the absolute numbering for a scene relative to a scene relative to a scene relative to
Initialize the zone interval table for the given shape and vertexes.
Sanitize a URL. Returns none if the URL is not valid.
Process the graph and return the graph as a list of integers.
Get the arguments from the docstring of an object. If the object doesn t have a docstring
Dirichlet logpdf for vector x.
Generate a URL for a file of the given mimetype and base64 - encoded data.
Updates the collection summary with the given collection_id and contributor_id_to_add
Create a parameter of the given size with the given value.
Check if the current event is unsafe.
Test render_mri_without_bem method.
Return the pip install command for the given requirements file and constraints file. If constraints_file
View the details of a table in a storage account.
Reset the current locale to the default locale.
Return True if the given unicode character is printable.
Get the machine key for the current machine.
Test for accept_custom_exception_text.
Returns True if the given segment matches the given section False otherwise.
test_statsd_fail - test for when statsd fails
Create chunks of size size from the given sequence.
Returns a string representation of the current thread s locals and the current thread s stack trace.
Combine plays from multiple games into a single nflgame. seq. Plays object
Get a class from a string.
Return a callable that can be used to get an attribute of a given type.
Return a tuple of the user and password for a given host. If no credentials are found
A string filter that returns a URL with the given limit and autoescaping applied.
Test the distance between two arrays of coordinates.
Get all questions for a given survey complete.
Wrap negative indices in a negative index if needed.
This is the main entry point for the map. It is the main entry point for the
Check if a file does not end with one of a list of endings.
Get the key from the config file.
Return the absolute path to a directory.
Enable the given service.
Find the management module for the given application name.
Check if user tags are present in the database. If so setup the doctags for the
Test that feature. max_length is equal to num_.
Get a list of roles with a given permission.
Get a list of fans for a given object.
Return a set of symbols that can t be found in the given solidity hex code.
Get the current locale.
Test the kde of an integer input.
Turn a URL into a string that can be safely used as a URL for a URL.
Render the given template file to a string and return it as a file - like object.
Get a list of tiles for the given names in the given config and coord.
Returns a dictionary with the user and content_object as the key and the value as the
Return a namedfileio object with the contents of the named file with the given var_
Setup the Sauce Labs browser.
Return True if pathname points to a directory False otherwise.
Return the raw data from the pillar. If no key is given then return the whole pillar
Get the collection rights for a given collection id.
Find the root of a resource.
Get the output of a geometry operation on an XML element using the specified derivation object.
Compute the inverse permutation of a permutation matrix.
Exponential moving average.
Clones a bs4 element and all its children.
Get the newderivation of an element node.
Connect to a pbserver and a pika client in a given realm.
Convert a journal to a text string.
Test the conversion of RGB to HSL parts of a 4 - bit RGB color map.
This function is called when data is received from the bot. It is called by the bot
Set the indicator for a column in a board.
Remove an app from the benchmark.
Get the status of a task.
Replace any VC macroslashes in a string with their original value.
Set interactive mode.
Split a filter value into a list of filter values based on the quotes in the value.
Test the activation of a sparse model on the main loop.
Register the HTML5 lexer and cile driver with the given MgrManager instance.
Normalize the aws facts to be consistent with the AWS API.
Join two segmenttables into a single segmenttable. The two tables must have the same keys
Test fill_include_exclude_names and fill_exclude_names.
Write a buffer to a file descriptor in a thread - safe manner.
Test plotting of PSD epochs with a topomap of the specified band.
Return a list of revisions for an organization.
Convert a MCMC matrix into a MCMC matrix.
Get a list of epfiles for a given season.
Convert a list of paths into a list of native paths. This is done by joining the
Load the status of all connections and channels from the database into the global status_cache.
Serialize data to a string using pickle and return it as a string.
Convert a function s arguments into an ordered dictionary.
Build a topooptimizer object from a list of local_opts. If a name is given
Get the block device mapping from the given image object.
Merge other configuration into base. If other is a string it will be added to the aut
Clean up joinables in a list of names. This is done by removing the joinables
Set audio format callbacks.
Given an address mapper and a descendant address map it to a pathglobs object.
Get the server type from a document.
Generate a fingerprint for a set of channel samples using the mlab. specgram function.
Return True if x is an integer.
Convert an operator object into a linearoperator object.
Returns a datetime object representing the current epoch.
Skip the given string and test that it is not using PilPython s built - in
Suspends a connection.
Check if imageio and pil library is available.
Get the endpoint for the signed_apps_reviewer or signed_apps_server depending
Return True if in_str is an empty string. If in_str is not a
Filter a report and return a response. If the user is logged in the response will be
Accept connections from the given listener and handle them in a separate thread. The listener must be
Write the corrected mapping to the output file.
Read a text file and return it as a string.
Process the mistral configuration file.
Show the version of the device on the remote machine.
Authenticates the user with the given credentials and logs the user in.
coarse_utcnow returns a datetime object with the current time in nanoseconds.
Process a list of urls and return a list of tuples with the title and hostname of the
Return a cudandarraytype for a single row of data. If no name is
Ensure that a vpn port is forwarded to the given public_ip and private_ip.
Register a context function to build a media url from a context dict.
Test that num_ is in the range [ 0.. num_ + 1 ).
Parse a number expression and replace it with a string and eval it with str_.
Get the state of a step in a jobflow.
Returns the URL of the page with the given slug relative to the site s site.
Return a list of events from the OSDB table specified by attrs and where. If attrs
Redirect the user to the create page. This is a shortcut to redirect to the create page
Run a command inside a directory and return its output as a string.
Save a string to a. nz file in the same directory as the nz file name.
Disassociate all IPs for a given host within a given time.
This is the main entry point for the command line tool. This is the entry point for
Get the value of an item from the database. If the item is None return None.
Generate a signature for the given private and public keys. If auto_create is set to
Return the foreground and background colors for the given name.
Returns True if the response contains a vary header that matches the header_query.
Get the full path to a template file.
Function to calculate the data for a set of times. The data is calculated using the sin
Set SSL certificate key for a site.
Temporarily switch to a temporary locale.
Return an iterator over the given types in the context of the given evaluator. If the evaluator
Test that pokemonspecies and pokemonformmedia have the same icon.
Calculate the APK score for the actual and predicted values.
Return a list of all sockfiles found in search_dirs and default_sockfiles.
Load a YAML config file with the given string as the contents of the file.
Returns a string representation of the given IP version.
Run the command and check if it s a supported package. If it s a supported package
Flattens a response into a single UTF - 8 string.
Flushes the entire database to the server.
Check if the given string is a valid render pipe string and return a list of renderers and
Split the stem of a sentence into a list of words. The first word in the sentence
Return the header for a vulnerability record. If the record is not a vulnerability record
Return the absolute path to the current Python installation.
Revert a multivariate polynomial using the dup_revert function if u is True.
Run the Cifar10 tower loss on the images and labels.
Returns a list of paths that start with the given path. If path is a directory it
Return a proxyconnect. base. decorators. as_view with a proxyconnect. base
Return a table of divs for the given form with the given form and fields.
Force a string to be unicode. If the string is already unicode it will be converted to
Ensure that the PR fetch is present in the config file. If it does not it will
Convert an object instance to a string.
Installs a bokeh script in a given environment. Returns True if the installation was successful
Compute the spherical harmonic variation of a vector in a z - order.
Make a 2D grid from a list of arrays.
Add two log values to a new log value. If the new log value is below the
Double - url - encode a string for use in a URL.
Parse a comment string into a list of tuples. The first tuple is the comment and the
Parse a list of rules and return a boolean. If the list is empty return truecheck
Returns the name of a resource in the given resource package. If the given resource package is
Create a document in an index.
Takes a value and a queryset and returns a slug that is unique for the given value.
Remove all permissions for a document from a document_content_type s permissions table.
Get the output target extension from the spec.
Create a tracking context for the given user.
Test patch returns error on invalid dir.
Check if path is a zip file or sevenzip file.
Test that pip is installed in the same directory as src_dir.
Checks if all capital letters in words differential from the total number of words in words.
Load all the modules of a given package and yield them. If ignore_error is True
Return True if the user may certify for course.
Activate the environment from the given path.
Update a user field.
Recursively update dest with upd. If dest does not already exist it will be updated with upd
Prepare a createinstancerequest message.
Format a module name and a list of options to be used in a directive.
Return the filename of the current script.
Return a list of units from a string or a list of units. If a string is
Helper function for parallel_pairwise. Works like parallel. parallel. parallel_pair
Shifts a by b and returns the result.
test matplotlib preserve font size
Return True if the string s is a multiline string.
Test for print_monitor_cv.
Performs a studio prompt action on the page.
Convert a number of bytes into a human - readable string.
Returns a callable that can be used to format a currency value in the current locale.
Test classification_report_imbalanced_multiclass_with_long_string
Remove the build directory and all of its dependencies from the build directory and the release directory.
Assert that tps are not pdiffs.
Construct the doc2author mapping from the corpus and the author2doc mapping.
Delete a resource class.
Run psea and return the output as a list of strings.
Return the index of the host in the database for the given mac ip and hostname.
Generate a sparse autoencoder with the given theta hidden_size hidden_size visible_size
Make a request to the API that does not exist. This is useful when you want to
Download the setup. py file and install it from scratch.
Raises an AssertionError if first is not second.
Test the evaluation report.
Test for the problem of the Earth - Azimuth Regression Regression
Return True if k is an irreducible dup of f.
Get the timeout for a given time range. If split_range is True the timeout is
Fix up ff4 characters in a string.
A benchmark of num_ random numbers.
Get the current state of the telephony simulator.
Encode unicode_str to unicode_str. If thing is a unicode_str it will
Return the initial values of the form.
Submit a checkout for a user. If the user is logged in it will be redirected to
Escape makevariableexpansion in a string so that it can be used as a variable name
Create a set of slice objects for the given index.
Process the show version of a network device from the show_version command.
Check if the number of channels has changed. If so update the number of channels accordingly.
Wait for a given job to complete.
Create a new user and register it in the database and save the user profile in the database
Connect to cloud loadbalancers.
Perform a benchmark of expand on 32 - bit integers.
Return the file descriptor of the given file object. If the given object is an integer it
Apply the constraints to the blockvectorv.
Create a request object from the given parameters and return it as a request object.
Get a hosting service by name. If no hosting service is found None is returned.
Swaps the X - API - Host header of the given URL with the given host address
Parse the ethtool options and return a config dict.
Get a dictionary of proxies from the environment.
Temporarily restore the current working directory to the original working directory after the context is complete
Return the logging level for a given runlevel. If runlevel is None return logging.
Setup the platform for the netatmosensor.
Read a SAM record from a file handle.
Start a debian server on the local machine. The server is a debian server on
Verify that the uploaded file matches the hash of the submitted file.
Get the kind of the key.
Return the maximum number of occurrences of a partial expression that is greater than or equal to a
Return a tuple of the number of trailing blank lines and a string indicating the end of the
Initialize the database. This method is called when the database has been initialized.
Test the template of an httpservererror.
Perform a backtracking of a quadratic model with respect to a linear model a. g. x
Get an exception for uncaught API errors.
Get a list of all the videos for a given course sorted by creation date.
Process a statement. This is the name of the statement. This is the name of the
A string filter to escape JavaScript in a string. This is useful when you want to escape
Check if all the tasks are running and if so log the results.
Parse the results of a Mach - O search and return a tuple of the results.
Returns a single selection of the current selection model.
Compute the reference matrix between two vectors.
Setup the stubs for remote_api and rdbms.
Get all variables in a given scope.
Return a generator that yields the indentation of the given logical line and indentation level.
Convert an etree. tostring to a string.
Remove all filenames from a descriptor and all its children.
Test that lettucerunnererror does not have a feature name.
Connect to the SQS API.
Get a list of all MFA devices for a given user.
Display a list of all documents for a given language. If no tag is given all documents
Returns the SHA - 512 hash of the given string.
Update top 10 and top 25 contributors.
Return a - b where a is a parameter of b and b is a parameter of b
Filter out files that are not in _excludes.
Return the skew symmetric cross product of the input array.
Write conditional formatting rules to the worksheet.
Change the workphone number of a Gecos device.
Given a list of fixer objects return a dict of head node objects.
Context manager to set in_sighandler to True.
Redirect to the default page if s3 hrm mode is set to ALTERNATE.
Create a boolean column with the given name and type. If no name is given the default
Return True if the given key is encrypted. If the key is not encrypted a comman
Convert a non - negative number to a non - negative number in the form of a string
Send a file to the ember app. If the file does not exist it will be
Validate the LMS configuration.
Unregisters a hosting service.
Decorator to mark a function as login_notrequired.
This is the main function of the application. It returns an iterator over the lines of the
Get a section from a syllabus course.
Returns a list of the names of the object s directory whose name ends with match.
Get the character width of a string.
Destroy a droplet
Test download of a VCS link.
Convert a Sina XML string to a list of URL strings.
Create an environment from the given home_dir. The environment is created by installing the
Entry point for the CLC server.
Linear Regression Intercept over the given timeperiod.
Calculate the center of a 2D array.
Test output with successful outline colorless.
Build a graph of entries from a cursor.
Build a list of criterion operations for a given adgroup.
Check qdatastream status.
Check if two numpy arrays are equal.
Find the drum group device for the given track or chain.
Return the base name of the given device.
Prepare the environment for the given subject and subjects_dir. Raises a runtime error if the
Reduces the precision of a node to the number of characters in the element s children.
Renders the purchase form for the given cart.
Returns a list of command strings for the given subcommand. If the subcommand is install or refresh
Edit an existing account. If the form is valid it will be saved otherwise it will be
Get the id of an object. If the object is a string it will return it.
Generate a list of extractors for all the classes in _all_classes.
Find a valuerenderer for an RDFValue object.
Convert a file - like object to a file - like object.
Return the ell value of a given matrix a and m.
Create an action that opens the default application.
Handler for the engine namespace.
Pre - compute the data to ensure that it fits within the available memory. If the data
Print a message to the console if it is not in the request or if it is in
Parse a single line of text into a key and value tuple.
Eager loads all records from the database. This is the same as joinedload_all
Return the number of seconds since the given timestamp.
Parse an HTML string and return a list of HTML elements.
Return the virtual name of the module. If the module is not installed return the bool_
Run all tests in str_ that are not in skip_tests.
Set the creation order of an instance.
Prepare a numpy array to be used for filtering. The input must be of the same shape
Send a WOL message to the specified mac address.
Return a factor for expr using the given gens and args and the given method.
The kegg_conv function is the same as the kegg_conv function but it
Return a redis server object based on the options passed in. If no options are passed return
Get a list of all regions.
Full max over all broadcastable columns.
Get a list of all keys in a merged store.
Get the remoteresourcelimits from the remote server.
Replace all envvar references in a string with their actual values.
Returns the data sharing consent requirement at the login or none if the enterprise is not enabled.
Initialize the multiprocessing thread.
Test for Django admin media serving forced by setting str_ in lib_directory and old_
Set the dirty flag for the current thread. If the current thread is not in the dirty
Return the identity of an argument.
Revalidate the edges of a node and add them to the heap_list.
Returns the decimal symbol for the given locale. If no locale is specified the default locale is
Checks that a property value is within the specified maximum length.
Given a pysig object and a set of keyword arguments fold them into their respective arguments.
Decorator to set the skip_doctest attribute on the given file - like object.
Get a writer for the given file extension. If no writer is found None is returned.
Test for an invalid unary operator.
Test for equality of two sets.
Unwraps a unittest. TestCase or unittest. TestCase into a generator
Bootstrap a Ubuntu container.
Return True if path is a file or a directory with a file extension.
View the help file at the given path. If the path is a directory it will be
Create a temporary base directory for use in a test environment.
Evaluate the given filters against the given document and return True if the filters evaluate to true.
Perform a related search on a vitem.
Reserve a VLAN ID for a given Vlan.
Send a notification to the user that a new translation has been made to the given unit.
Get all the fields of a table from the database.
Return the virtual name of this module.
Test precision recall and f1 score.
Eratosthenes of the Fisher - Yates Fisher - Yates
Clean up the random number generator. This function should be called at the end of a random
Returns a list of all network connections.
Generate a schedule URL for the given year stype and week.
Generate a key from a list of strings.
Return True if keywordexpr matches colitem. keywordexpr.
Get the current version of gfirefly. If no version is provided the current version is
Test plot of sparse source estimates.
Register a listener to be notified when a command is received or received a topology is received.
Reload the systemctl context.
Get the geometry output of a polygon derivation of an element.
Generate a strict consensus tree from a list of trees. The consensus tree is a clade
Construct a gaussian wave domain.
extrude a gcode file or a list of gcode files which are not logfiles
Return the DCC description of the given data.
Test ROBERTS on the diagonal of a 2D image.
Rearrange a DataFrame by column disk.
Azure login view. This view will redirect to the Azure login page with a unique state
Test for unicode paths in the python filename.
Redirect to the given endpoint or the next endpoint if none is provided.
Test if the Jacobian is indeed indeed indeed inde
Sends a notification to the user.
Returns the current schema version as a JSON string.
Rejects a suggestion in a given feedback thread.
Check if two blocks are equivalent.
Run a correlation test on a generator of OTU and MD values.
Send a Cdlonneck command to a list of bards.
Return a set of all types that can be passed to a function.
Indents the genbank by the given number of spaces and returns the new info string.
Return a list of JIDs in the job directory filtered by the given number of times.
Build a wsgirequest object from a URI string.
Check if the given name exists in the checks list. If it does nothing and returns False
Parse a line of text into a key and a dictionary of key - value pairs.
Format a mapdict into a list of options and values. If script is set to True
Check if a user has access to the given permission on the given project.
Test replace update column via setitem warnings attributes.
Return a string representation of a dimension and a hierarchy.
Apply a 256 - bit palette to a 256 - bit image.
Get collection summary by collection id.
Cluster features using a distance matrix.
Test that there are no non - existent options listed in the order they were passed in.
Test for doctests and fcrypt modules.
Test whether a string is a boolean and not a boolean.
Preserve whitespace in a string. If quote is set to True the string will be quoted
Given a list of iterables return a list of factorized iterables.
Given a web url return the full URL to the PR API.
Download the S3 file to the data_dir. If progress is set to True the
Return the width of a tile in the given projection.
Get the body of an SSH VRF command from a VRF response.
Remove a directory and all of its sub - directories.
Format the time difference between start and end. If no end is given the current time is
Return the line number of the first occurrence of the given string in the given location.
Import and return a class from a class path.
Return the virtual name of this module.
Read a pair of newlines and noescape characters from a file - like object.
Migrate the labels of the objects in root_urn to the labels of the children of obj
Set the logger class to be used by this module. The logger class must be a subclass
Update the version number in the given file_obj with the given new_version_number
Rewrites a file by applying the transform_line function to each line of the file.
Get the lineationderivation of the given element node.
Generate a Java test for the given target. The target is the name of the main class
Return the SOS filter function. If the module is not available use _sosfilt
Encode a binary string into a hex string.
Load a movie from a file.
Return a list of patterns that can be used to resolve i18n URLs.
Return the index of the given key in the given enum or None if the key is not
Convert an array - like object to a devicendarray.
Return the amount of time left to wait for a promo health check to occur.
Calculates the size of an array of the given ndim.
This is the main entry point for the datafeed demo. This is the entry point for
Check if a new version of PyPI is available.
Return True if all values in seq are equal. Return False if there are no values in
Returns True if the given user allows the given tag namespace to be assigned to the given model
Execute a command in a shell and return the output as a string.
Get the last change date of an account policy. This is the timestamp of the last change
Returns a string that does not contain thousand separators.
Check if the required version of Azure is available.
Print some information about the current address space and all of its plugins and their documentation.
Return the mmap object for the given array or None if it is not a mmap object.
Create a lazy loader that loads modules from the given opts.
Parse a MIME - Type string into its components and its parameters.
Remove any files in the filesystem backend specified in the opts dictionary.
Update the state of the device based on the received command.
Checks the orientation of the event collection and the orientation of the event collection in 2x.
Return the virtual version of the python module.
releasecompletemstonet - Releemstonet Packet
Check to see if a policy exists.
Parse page for absolute file paths and add them to kb. absfilepaths.
Test the read configuration file.
Upload a file from the request to Cloud Storage and return the URL of the uploaded file.
Set the permissions for the owner of the given resource.
Set the log format for the WMI server. If the current log format is the same
Grant access to shared folders to a list of users.
Return True if label is a module and is a directory. If label is a module it
Shuts down the thread pool and waits for the thread to exit.
Helper function to make a HTTP request to the given url with the given method and parameters.
Return the total number of CPUs currently running on this machine.
Add a notification driver to the list of available drivers.
Return a relative path from start to path.
Sets up all the databases in the database manager. This function is intended to be called from
Render a facility management control panel to a CSV file. This control panel can be used to
Initialize the dataflash logger for the given MPL state object.
Start a stub for the given service name.
Use the AIO framework for the current transaction.
Find the substring of string that matches pattern1 and pattern2. If pattern1 or pattern
Format a list of records into a human - readable string.
Extract events from Keen.
Ceil the eigenvalue of mat to the largest eigenvalue. If no target is
Update the current state of the system.
Test if there is a column conversion error in the ascii file.
Return a callable that can be used to determine if the command is a boolean or not.
Append a slash to the end of a string if it doesn t already end with a slash
Returns the size of the current file in bytes. If position_to_eof is True
Create a default SSL context.
Delete one or more files from the blobstore.
Create a new module and link it to the current module. This is called when the module
Validate that a user name is a valid user name. If it is a valid user object
Set the base type of the next token in the stream. The base type is determined by
Set the value of an attribute on an instance. If the value is the same as the
Return the name of the image to use for the given server or raise a saltcloudnot
Deploy an application to a git repository.
Split a list into chunks of max_rows columns. If row_first is set to
Returns a dictionary of urls to use for the geoserver.
Return the version of the ipset installed on the system.
Format a datetime. datetime object into a string.
Validate an email address.
Handler for the API call.
Check if a VLAN exists in the Ethereum API.
Return a copy of the current os. environ with the virtual prompt and virtual path removed.
stoptouchapp is the main function for the eventloop. It is called when the
Replace all occurrences of pattern in value with replacement.
Test that replay_load_template_name is called once when the cookiecutter
Test that a mockrtclient is connected to the raw FITS file in raw_fname
Return a string representation of a project status value.
Checks if the given bucket name is a valid DNS name.
Initialize a random cycle of colors.
This is the final layer of the SGD model. It is used to learn the
Download a file from a URL.
Returns HTML code for a word with a body and a header.
Parse a directive into a tuple of the directive name and a list of arguments.
Get the number of locks that have been removed from the XML file. This is done by
Execute a function in a thread - safe way using a connection pool. If a connection is
Get a vector3 from a list of floats.
Test the kdtree for points within a given radius.
Return a git line from a list of strings.
Format a floating point number as a string.
Counts the number of elements in an iterable and adds them to the given mapping.
Run a command on all nodes in the cluster.
Return a list of lines from the given text.
Checks if a point is added on the path and whether it intersects with the path.
Return the number of results for a given query in a given database. If the database does
Import a dataset from a CSV file into an existing dataset.
Iterate over the gpi11 fields in a GPI11 file.
Returns a generator that yields all possible name fields for a given model.
Return a greedy partition of counts into buckets and fill levels.
List available services for the current user.
Search for labels in the MB database.
Create a parameter element and add it to the XML parent element.
Return a list of valid vcpu pin IDs from conf. vcpu_pin_set
Renders a snippet in the form of an HTML page. If the user is not logged in
Claim a worker for cleanup.
Convert a version string to a list of integers.
Find a rescue device for a given instance.
Return a set of all installed apps.
Remove NA values from a Series.
Return True if the schedule is enabled.
Show all interfaces on the system.
Return information about the server.
Check if a file exists.
Plot a legend on the given axis with the given position colors bads and outlines.
Set the integer value of the integersetting based on the given valuestring.
Load a git repository into the given client.
Print the current application alias.
Create a failure object from a dictionary.
Calculate the checksum of an IPv4 or IPv6 address.
Make a memoryview of a given size.
Generate a go test for the given target and source and return a echospawn
Simplify a variable coefficient function.
Return a tuple with the timestamp of the host lease and the value of the value of the
Reset a git repository to a new location in the given dest directory.
Contrastive loss.
Get the username and key from settings. sauce. username and settings. sauce.
Initialize the directory structure and return a tuple of the path to the files to be created.
Get the href of the self link.
Check if a filename matches any of the given regexs.
Return a regular expression to replace the URL prefix with the prefix provided.
Try to resolve a variable in the given value. If the value is a filterexpression or
Return a md. Organization object from an organization_info dict.
Enable or disable remote login.
Check if a password matches the given username. If encrypted is set to true the password will
Return a list of unused lun ids.
Configure a yui compressor to be run in a given directory. This is useful when you
Search for a WOEID by the given query.
A context manager to create a model from a secret field.
Parse expression number.
Copy a template from the current template directory to the given copy_to directory.
Check if a field is present in the arch graph.
Called when the future is completed. If the future has an exception it will be logged.
Return a set of keyword arguments for this class and its superclasses. If _set is
Calculate the start of the DTMF packet.
Test the fitness of a genome.
Get the current registry.
Compute the BV evolution of a copula with respect to the logarithm of the
Preload a list of modules. This is useful when you want to preload a list of
Translate the given formula to the corresponding column names.
Celery enable logging on a fixture.
Returns True if the course is small enough to be enrolled.
Show a group package.
Initialize the modules.
Dump the schema of the ADS object. This is the main function of the ADS
Fileify a version of a project. If the version is a CDN version it will be
Get the RSA public key for n and e.
Convert a list of strings to a numpy array.
Set the value of an option. If the option does not exist it will be created.
Redirect to the default s3 index page. This is useful when you don t want to
Get a list of subplotspec from axes_list. If grid_spec is not specified
Attach EPICS to a queryset.
Synchronously execute zfs command and log its output if it fails. If it fails log
Encode an integer into a sequence of bytes.
Make a boolean from a string.
Get the name of the given principal.
Entry point for unittest. This is the entry point for the unittest module. It
Return a description of an endpoint given a list of arguments and a dictionary of keyword arguments.
Import SECEDIT configuration data into TSDB and TINF files. Returns True if
Set attributes on a SQS queue. Attributes can be either a string or a JSON object.
Get the date of the given node in the given date_type. If no date is
getfundamentalspath returns a path to the fundamentals of a geometry
Delete a virtual from the system. If the virtual does not exist it will be created.
Render a field and a label.
Randomly shuffle an array.
Test for delete in a generator. This is useful when you want to delete a string in
Clear the cache. This is a no - op if the cache is empty.
Apply a locale change to the given targetstate. If the targetstate is str the locale
Split null strings into a list of strings.
Execute a shell command and return the output.
Get a tree of all files in the base directory that are not in the exclude list.
Checks that argument is a positive integer. Raises ValueError if argument is not a positive integer.
Get the bytes from the input stream and send it to the client as a string.
Test for jsonreport output with no steps.
Get the metrics from the buddyinfo. txt file and cache the results in a list
Mangles a loop variable in a for - loop or for - loop variable in a for
Build the expected frequency matrix from the given exp_freq_table.
Resolve a content toctree.
Return the path to the data directory for the specified project. If the project is not configured
Returns True if there are enough panels to show in the setup wizard for the given shop.
Raise an error with the given name and message. If no name is given all errors are
Computes the Hamard product of the given matrices.
Wait for a write on the given file descriptor to complete. If the timeout is reached the
Update a comment in a course.
Generate the response headers from a response info object.
Convert an IPv4 or IPv6 address to a string if it is a valid IPv6
Return a list of nodes from the root of the XML document.
Start a VZ container.
Lookup a virtual machine by its label.
Find the root directory of the Tcl interpreter and the tk version.
Setup the Hass platform with the given configuration.
Parse a row of data using a list of parsers.
Return the number of free bytes and total bytes in the given folder.
Return True if the language_list contains the language_list item in filter_type.
A task that pulls a string from the i18n robots. txt file.
Add a row to a row of a table.
Convert an element to a BSON value.
Test write comments on a string.
Convert an error from images service protobuf to an ImageServiceError.
Add an abstract admonition to an admonition class.
Make a directory in the core directory if it doesn t already exist.
Get the precision of an XML element.
Remove empty lines from a text string and return a new string with the removed empty lines.
Delete a key from the system. Returns True if the key was deleted False otherwise.
Update the timezone of a channel.
Defoveate a set of rings into a numpy array of the same shape as the
Get the value of a key from the current app s config. If the key is not
Get the namespaces for a given name from a given API server.
get windowanalyzefilegiventext - get crafted gcodetext and
Checks that the given key is a valid reference.
Create a subtemplateelement with links to the given parent element.
Create or update a policy for a given user.
Return a string for use in the ipyfunc2 function. This is the default function
Get the crafted text from a text file. If the text is empty return the
Get the module name from a file name.
Get the docstring of a module and return it as a dict. If the module is not
Test whether user columns are flagged in the virtualenv.
Checks if a line segment is intersecting an in - line loop.
Return the current platform. If sys. platform == str_ return distutils. util.
Detach a device from a zpool
Set a channel mask for a channel message.
Add builddir to sys. path.
Create a storage container
Test the determinism of hatches.
Return a list of permissions for a vhost.
Return a random slice of the given queryset.
Create a channel from a channelwriter and channelreader.
Display an error message in a wx. ModalDialog.
Check if a command exists in the path. If it doesn t it will log a warning
List all available plugins for the given ifaces. If config. init is set it will
Set up the platform and connect to the host and port specified in the config file.
remux an audio file from a given title to a new file with the given title.
Sanitize the json_error field in the error_dict so that it can be used
Convert a glob pattern to a regular expression.
List the members of a team. If the team does not exist it will return an empty
Installs a module into the parameters and options dictionary. If the module is not a file
Delete a contact field. If the user has the permission to delete the field it will be
Remove the version number from the given href.
Unpacks a string into a dictionary and returns it. If the string is not a dictionary
Fancyarrow image comparison with 100dpi dpi.
Generate a linear recurrence of n times.
Test that sklearn pipeline has the same number of CSP parameters as the SVM pipeline
Return True if a and b are close to 0. 0. 0 or 1. 0
Get a list of all the items in a file. If the file does not exist it
Update the supported locales for each webapp in the given list of ids.
Return a list of tuples of cap alert addresses and their s3 - formatted options.
Close the window and remove it from the window pool.
Interpolate a string into a cache_slug.
A parametrization test that checks the repr of the object.
Get the name of a file from its path. If the file does not have a name
Return a list of receivables for a given liability. If a liability has
Return a generator that yields the number of imports found and the name of the imported file.
Return a versioneerconfig object.
Pauses the specified services in the project. If no service_names is specified all containers
Run scavenge on a list of files and return a list of report items.
Determine the image type based on the disk format in the image_meta dictionary.
Get the relationship of a resource.
Returns the document link for the given object.
Get the filename of the output file for the given split.
Create an insert query for the given model and values. If return_id is set to
Redirect to the default s3 index page.
The main loop. This is the main function that is run in a separate thread. It
Sets the repeat state of the tracklist. This command can be used to toggle the repeat
Return a relative path between a_path and reference_path.
Calculate the distance between a point and a triangulation of a triangulation.
Delete all app tars in a given location.
Update the translation catalogs in the translation. po file.
Extract a number from a string.
Refresh the Brew database and return True if successful. Otherwise return False.
Return the precession matrix for the capitaine between two j2000 dates.
P - Polyfill evaluation for 2 - D polynomials where breaks is a list of numbers
Test the double close of the pipeline and wait for it to finish.
Get the name of the last stored primary server.
Make a PUT request to the given URL with the given data and return the response as a
Create a coursegrader instance from a list of sub - graders.
Install Yum in the current working directory. This is a no - op if yum
Log an exception with the given message and arguments.
Configure callback for Marathon. This is called when the Marathon configuration is loaded
Set a custom icon in the given filepath. If the file does not exist it will be
Redirect webengine data to a temporary directory.
Split a string into a list of strings and store the result in the twill globals.
Get the status of all groups in the S3 bucket.
Fetch all entities from the datastore and return them as a list.
Get a list of test hooks for the given test files.
Lookup the SSH host config for the given hostname.
Get a sequence of snippets from a test file.
Check if two arrays are numeric v - string - like or scalar v - string - like
Get the order arguments from the request and return them as a dictionary. The keys are the
Setup the backups for the benchmarks.
Create a new admin user with the given username and password.
Test step has repr.
Iterate over the items of a multidict or dict.
Test if CX_ORACLE is installed.
Setup an Anddispatch for sending emails to the Anddispatch server.
Return a list of all the tables in the database. If uri is not specified all tables
Set media player title.
Remove a person from the current site s people list if the user is not a superuser
Check if an argument is greater than or equal to one of the allowed values for a given
Decode a dictionary from the given stream.
Parse OpenSSH output lines into a generator of dictionaries.
Create a digest for a file in a project tree.
Return a string representation of a dictionary of attributes sorted alphabetically by the given delimiter.
The learner_profile view is a view that renders the learner s profile. It
Schedule escalate questions to be sent to the escalate.
Search for a URL using Google Search. If a URI is found it will be sent to
A hug middleware that handles the incoming request and returns the response as a response object.
Return True if the current thread has a rush policy. If the current thread has a
Deserializes a JSON string or file - like object into an iterable of Python objects.
Test that lae_a and lae_b. x. ndim == num_
Get a list of all volume types in a group.
Calculate the fitness of a genome.
Open a cover for a given entity.
Reset the API key for the logged in user and redirect to the profile page.
Register the language information with the given language manager.
Displays a gallery of images and videos for a given media type. If no media type is
Function to compute the r - line of p - values for the given p - values.
Return the path to the GPG executable.
Get the details of a Fortran at a given location.
Get the crafted text from a text file.
Download a dailymotion file from a given URL.
Check if a string contains surrogates.
Format the output of a coredump command into a dictionary.
Add a local file to sabnzbd.
Return a tuple of the system release and version of a symbolic command.
Test that sph_to_cart and sph_to_cart are consistent.
Split a MIME type into its main and sub - types.
Return a dictionary of proxies for the given URL. If the URL is bypass proxies the dictionary
Send a beacon to the twiliorest server and return a list of dicts with the
Check if a user has access to a given course key.
Run a script in a given virtualenv in a given working directory.
Disable a haproxy server.
Send a command to get the mac address of the given interface.
Show all the migrations that have been changed for a given list of apps.
Creates a feed item from the given feed items. If the feed item does not exist it
Return the value of the specified attribute of the OS distribution.
Remove the destination directory if it exists. If the directory does not exist nothing is done.
Returns True if the given color is a foreground light color.
Get the Yubico users from the salt - yubico - config file.
Set or unset keys for a monitor type.
Get the index of the eog channel. ch_name can be either a string or
Read evokes from the file and return them as a numpy array.
Check if there is a multi - package addon in the file_path. If so update
Deserializes the given usage key string into a usagekey object with the given course key.
Return a dictionary of all queries found in all plugins.
Remove a group from the user s list of user groups.
Set a key in a section. If the key already exists the value will be overwritten.
Set the script prefix.
Create a version info object on the target object.
Return a list of all configuration options for the current ckan instance.
Generate a file - like object that can be used to read the list of project repositories.
Write the result dict to dstpath. If types or names are specified only write the result
Write the data to a fixed - width file and assert that it has the same format as
Return a list of nodes in the graph that implement the identity interface.
Initialize the state collection of the given object with the given key. If the object is a
Check if a package has been removed from the given directory.
Suspends the session or system proxy if it is running on a linux system.
Get the block count URL string from a list of block types.
Return the logarithm of the factorial of x.
Try to guess the scheme of a URL.
Returns True if the given lookup_path needs to be distinct. If the lookup_path
Terminate all child processes and wait for them to finish. If recursive is set to True then
Return a list of matches and errors for the given package names.
Called when a message is sent to a group. Returns a callback that will be called when
Test unit division by string.
Draw a twiny plot. If no ax is given the current axis will be used.
Wrap a function so that it can be run in a background window. This is useful for
Echo the contents of a file upload request.
Returns the last element in the list or None if the list is empty.
Make sample data from the Frappe database.
Unlock an account.
Vote for a thread.
Import a document into the database. If the document already exists in the database it will be
Return True if the packet is okay False otherwise.
Launches the given appfile in the current working directory.
Hash the plaintext_password using the SHA - 256 algorithm. This is the same as the
Populate the project_info attribute with values from the request attributes. Raises webob. exceptions
Generate an accesstoken for a given action on a given device and auth_info
Return the output of a VTK object.
Cache the children of the given queryset.
Get the logo value for a given option.
Return a list of all requests scheduled for the consumer.
Test permutation_t_test.
Activate a user account. If the user is already active it will be re - activated.
Parse a rule string or a list of rules into a list of rule objects.
Return a distribution object for the given distribution name version and id.
Test whether the clean and linkify functions are idempotent. This is useful when you want to
Return the r - squared error of a given distribution.
Find a config file in the state path.
Returns a non - prefixed url for a given viewname.
Delete a virtual interface.
Build a list of parameter names and values from a dictionary of tags.
Convert a PEM - encoded certificate string to a DER - encoded certificate string.
Set the locale for the given category. If no locale is given the default locale is used
Add a moduletocache entry to the gencache. If bflushnow is
A task handler that logs an error in the context of an asynchronous task.
Format the spec and options for an element create.
Turn accelerometer into accelerometer. If accelerometer is not
Return a new der set of the given objects.
Send a PING message to the given connection.
Generate an OO secret.
Calculate the sign of a constant. The constant can be either a float or a NumPy
Clean up the db_content dictionary. This is called when the database is ready to be
Return the list of CSS dependencies for the given pipeline group.
Return a new dictionary with keys that are not in orig but are not in new.
Test whether a tensor is flat.
Calculate the macdext of the data set using the talib. macdext
Delete any orphan object permissions that don t have a content_object attribute. Returns the number
Join a sequence of unicode strings into a single string.
Reboot a virtual machine. Returns True if the VM is rebooted False otherwise.
Test if a docker app can be deployed.
Compute the p - coordinate from a fundamental matrix.
Apply a function with the last num_ arguments and return an error if the function returns an
Rjust a string to the given width. If the string is longer than the given width
Generate the metricssubstitutions for the given options.
Validate the node_type and node_dict and return True or False depending on whether the
Checks that the command output does not contain the given text.
Remove the test file from the str_ directory. This is done by removing the test file
Adds the language dictionary to the given code.
A wrapper around setuptools. setup that sets up all the packages.
Push a status item to the data dict.
Test that the current language is English by default.
Test that random_tree is a tree with num_ random elements.
Extract the settings from the master_settings and the config into a dictionary of kodi
Makereport the outcome of a test.
Writes a cleavegcode to a file and opens an SVG page.
Returns a list of messages for the given request.
Open a desktop lockdown window. This is the same as the desktop_lockdown command
Start a threaded server in a new thread.
Add a tenant to a flavor.
Return an iterator over the time zone names in the registry.
Embed an album into an art file. If maxwidth is not specified the album will be
Returns a sequence of strings that are the same length as a sequence of length n but with
Convert a date string or list of date strings to a date number.
Return a list of all the keys and values of all the keys in the dictionary.
Print a deprecation warning. If deprecation is none print a pending deprecation warning otherwise print a deprecation
Shifts a script name by a number of characters. If shift is greater than or equal
Return a list of files that match the given pattern. Optionally specify a database and limit.
Generate the grant query and arguments.
Compute the variances of an array of indicators. The variance is calculated using the correlation sum
Get the next available device name for the given device_name_list and root_device
test mininetcluster with treetopo and treetopo_treetop
Get the pyo format and data format for a given file_out and format.
Delete a user from the system
Returns a validator that checks the value of a named option. If the option does not exist
Decorator to create a function that takes a geom_ptr and converts it to an integer.
Return a pretty - printed string of the given string with the given parameters. If the string
Find the top - level directory of the autotest tree.
Convert a legacy fs_desc_string to a fsoptions object.
Get the directory where the feeds will be stored. Create it if it doesn t exist.
Make a file in the config directory if it doesn t exist. If it doesn t exist
Get the key for a collection in memcache. If version is not specified the key will be
Exit with a nice message if the user is in a bare console. If the user is
Save the prediction results to a file in the form of a 2 - tuple.
Return a string representation of the timestamp in UTC. If ts is None return the current time
If str_ is a boolean return its value. If str_ is a number return its
Get the kerberos principal for a given hostname or IP address. If no principal is configured
Return the module for the given app_label. If the module doesn t exist it will
Get the path to the current working directory. If the current working directory does not exist raise
Generate a course key for the given org number and run.
Given a list of url templates and a dictionary of platform_info_dict return the url
Show the details of an instance of the class.
Test the parameter operators of the mock model.
A fixture that returns a list of the types that should be displayed in the view.
Check if a collection exists.
Test plotting of the ICA scores using sklearn.
Quotes an etag string so that it can be used as an HTTP header value.
Split a list of fitnesses into two based on the median of the fitnesses.
Test csv. ecsv. colnames_mismatch.
Get the header of a bounding box as a tuple of strings. If rotated is True the
Apply the given optimizer to the input data and return a tuple of the function calls.
Load an fmadm configuration file into a dictionary.
Test addition of contacts to the default namespace.
Get a SAML provider by name. If the provider does not exist it will return False.
Write out the backreferences for the example file to the target_dir. The backrefs
Check if the given issues are valid. Returns True if the issues are valid False otherwise.
Create a new constant image with the given value. The value is assumed to be a string
Return a list of file descriptors that are ready to be read or None if timeout is reached
Returns a view to show a course with access to the user with the given course_key
Return a help string for x on the command line. x can be a string or a
Use XenAPI to introduce a VDI for a given SRRef.
Assert that the given exception is raised with the given message.
Convert an array to a dask array using the castra library. If the input is
Check if the given circuit is a scalar non - sparse matrix. If identity_only is
Extract validation errors and exceptions from a list of objects.
Return a dictionary with the disabled status of the given name. If the name is not enabled
Flatten a list of lists into a single list of lists of lists of the same dtype.
Get the public key from a PEM file or PEM file. If asobj is set to
Get the list of profile names for the install server.
Return the absolute path to a file in the current working directory with the given name.
Manage binaries.
Create a multiple choice XML response.
Get a versioned version of the asset at the given path. If the asset doesn t exist
Returns True if the convert command is installed on the system. Otherwise returns False.
Release the title descriptions for the given list of titles. This function is not thread - safe
Squeeze the output array and return it as a numpy array. If the output is a
Temporarily pin the current thread in a thread - safe way.
Get a tuple of values from a record based on a composite key.
Returns a list of group snapshots for a given project.
Prepare a command to be run in a subprocess.
Mark the application as bootstrapped if it is not already bootstrapped. This is done by
A filter that marks all objects in a list as safe text and returns them as a list
Get the W3AF version as a dictionary.
Return the name of the python module that is running on the powershell.
Load the parser_result_store file in the given package_dirpath.
Get the number of groups that match the filter_data.
Get a translationunit object from a source file and a language.
Query for consistency groups that are creating from source cgid or cgsnapshot_id.
Return True if begincomplex is inside of centercomplex and endcomplex is inside of centercomplex
Check if source is newer than target.
Returns a string representation of a tuple of values.
Resync a project s webhook to a project. If the request method is PUT the project
Calculate the input length for a convolution.
Get the transparent torification.
Identify the names of the modules and attributes in the given code. The names are returned as
Cancel a draft for a given media_type. If no media_type is given the
Setup the platform with the given configuration and add the devices to the given list of devices.
Given a function and a set of blocks lift the blocks into the main function and return the
Modifies the reject packet to include lowlayercompatibility headers and highlayercompatibility headers.
Return a list of all mapping keys in a string.
Entry point for the orgunitaddressbook command line interface.
Return True if we are running from a reloader.
Spell - check a word against a dictionary.
Delete a stack.
Create an array of zeros with the same dtype as the model. If dtype is None the
Decrypt a cypher using the given key. The cypher must have the same length as
Entry point for the localansible module. This is the entry point for the localans
Get a list of users from the sailthru email marketing provider.
Validate the given resource and raise an exception if it is invalid. If the resource is None
Returns true if the user must complete the entrance exam for the given course.
Decompose a 2x kernel into a 2x kernel and a list of patches.
Check that the comp is valid. If not raise a runtimeerror.
Returns True if value is not None and field. mode is not str_.
Create a VCard object from a VCard string.
Decorator for inclusion_only_unlimited_args_from_template.
Turn on or off the port for D4 mode.
Test for argument splitting.
A filter function that returns a slice of a list of integers based on the given string.
Delete an existing network interface.
Pretty - print a value. If the value is a string it will be converted to a
Check if the process with the given pid is running.
Display a list of users.
Destroy an instance. If the instance does not exist it will be created. If the instance
Create a collection summary for the given collection_id and contributor_id_to_add
Prompt the user to confirm all alerts on the page.
Returns an ordinal string for the given value. If the value is an integer it will be
Update a quota usage resource.
Get current language bidi.
Create a document editor group.
Test input discard.
Computes the dot product of two matrices and stores the result in the input storage.
Create an SLS file from the source and destination. If the format is str_ then
Changes the mac back to the original one.
Quotes a string so that it can be used as a value in an SQL statement.
Get the latest status of an episode.
Return a tuple with the object_type privileges and the list of privs.
Compile a source code into a code object.
Validate that the sleep time is between 0 and 1. If the sleep time is between 0
Test for package backpatching.
Return a dict of environment variables to be used in the config file. This is used to
Return a tuple of the virtual machine name and the value of the grains. If the grains
Get user info from S3 bucket. If access_key and secret_key are not
Installs the pyui module with the given number of milliseconds. If reactor is not None
Append a slash to the end of the path and return a redirect to the new path.
Find all modules in a given folder.
Return a stat. S_IFREG or stat. S_IFDIR depending on the
Check if the given string is a shorthand IP address.
Get a single image from a virtual machine
Normalizes the source string if it is not already normalized and returns it. Otherwise returns the original
Command - line entry point for the command - line tool.
Create a vmdk config spec for attaching a virtual device to a controller.
Helper function for _reset_syslog_config_params to reset system log parameters.
Read a record from a file - like object.
Returns a javascript alert message with the given ident level and message. The alert message will be
Get the size of a file in the current working directory.
Set the limit for the article cache to be used.
Returns the minimum value in the range [ low high ). If the value is not an
Get the profile image storage class.
Get the hash of a file.
Update the source unit index in the index file.
Deactivates a list of packages in the given port_path. If a package is
Example of how to use nltk. cluster and nltk. classification_prob
Upgrade the environment to a new version.
Get a value from a request object. If the request object does not have the requested value
Update supported locales for a single webapp.
Convert an asyncio. asyncio. Future into a tornado. tornado. concurrent. Future.
Return the current subsector for the current bucket.
Remove the null logging handler from the root logger.
Prepare an input source to be read from. If the source is a file it will be
Scale the diagonal of x to the diagonal of the diagonal of the diagonal of x and normalize
Register the canonicalization and specialize functions for the local optimizer. This can be used to
Power on the server. The server will be powered on if it is powered on
Adds a backup configuration option to the manager. The configuration will be written to a JSON file
Get a list of all files in a directory.
Get the UID of a user. If no user is given os. geteuid will
Test whether a scenario is in the output of the harvest.
test_prompt_should_ask_and_rm_repo_dir - mock read
Test to remove an identity from a user s list of devices. Returns a dictionary with the
Register a function to return a URL with the current locale as the script and locale as the
Build a websocket upgrade request from the given web_socket_url and extra_headers.
Return the number of the current user in the system or - 1 if the user is not
Parse a block of code into a file.
Convert an int64 into a tf. train. feature.
Test for a list of hyphens in a string. The list is a list of hy
Get the description of a video track.
Creates a file named filename with the given encoding.
Test import of vispy modules.
Return a list of Redis error classes.
Return the nupicmodelinfo object for the given nupicmodelid.
Given a list of sequences return a mask of the length of the sequences with pad_val
Return the sum of the given shapes.
Join two or more paths together and return the resulting path. If the path does not exist
Split an iterable of objects into two lists where the first list contains the objects that match the
Run a function with the given input and output and restore the input and output streams.
Test whether a string is a file. This test fails if the string is not a file
Categorical log - PMF.
Send a message to skype and return the output as a string.
Convert an expression to a python string.
Make a URL from a string.
Normalize a local name to a language code. If the local name is already a language code
Return a new iterator with the given parts of the iterator. The iterator must be an iterator
A context manager that creates a temporary style file with the given name and settings.
Convert a VNI to its binary representation.
View the robots. txt page.
Get the value of a metric. If the metric does not exist it will be created.
Create a quick kanban board doc.
Return a list of all repos in the repo directory. If rsa is True the repo is
Set the HTTP cookies in conf. httpheaders.
Given a mime type and a list of parsed media ranges return the best fitness and quality.
Test the form and return a unicode object. This is useful when you want to test the
Returns a deferredresolver that will resolve all the domains in the resolver. The resolver will resolve
Decode a list of binary tuples into a list of feedback tuples.
Return a list of all keypairs on the cloud
Return a generator that yields the position of the key in the logical_line if it exists
Put an item into a cache entry. If the item is a dictionary it will be put
Get all the diffsets that have comments on the current_pair.
Return a new derbitstring from the given binary string. If the input is a string
Render text if rich_text is True. Otherwise escape the text. If rich_text
Extract a constant value from a scalar or sharedvariable.
Register a function to be called after a class method is called.
View the details of a container in a storage account.
Returns a tuple of the status code and a list of IP addresses for the current process.
Render a price property for a given item in a priceful object.
Test make_sphere_model.
Get image volume cache by volume_id.
Get a security group by ID.
Returns a social name for the given auth.
Create the test cache folder if it doesn t exist.
Uninstalls the flocker for all nodes in the cluster.
Add sync methods to the class if they don t already exist.
Return a string that represents a color in equal space.
Return the virtual name of this module.
Render a list of children to a LaTeX representation of the power of each other.
Scan files in the output folder and return only on output files and only on input files.
Get the full path to a file in the profile directory of the given repository.
Returns a generator that yields a list of URLs that can be sent to the proxy server.
Restart a service. Returns True if the service has been restarted False if the service has been
Convert a list of indices to a comma - separated list of indices.
Delete an ID3 record from a file.
Print the number of bytes in a human readable format. If human_flag is True print
Refreshes the database from the remote server. This is done by running a command in the
Update the last_login timestamp in the database if the database is not up to date.
Given a pattern return the prefix of the pattern. If the pattern does not end with a
Test that there is no source directory for the build.
Seeks to the given time in the current playback.
Returns a string containing the profiles and the alterations of all the settings in the list.
Print a list of strings.
Create an XML runner for a given test.
Convert a numpy array to a list of floats and integers.
Get the number of elements in w2 that are less than n1 and less than n
Execute a command in the context of the current process. The command will be executed in the
Returns a tuple of the reactor and a twisted thread if it s not already running.
Get the serial number for the current zone. If the file does not exist it will be
Create a new instance of the class and push it onto the stack.
A view that dumps the traceback of the current thread to a file in a nice way.
Qualify the dependencies of the given targets based on the dependency sections of the given targets.
Get the value of a style attribute from an element. If the attribute does not exist in
Generate random usernames.
Linear Regression Angle.
Clear a bdm volume at a given path. If the bdm path does not exist
Test that a new integer is a positive integer.
Returns the current platform string. If current is None returns the current platform string. If current
Update the conn_info dictionary with the initiator target map from connector and lookup_service
Test arg_of_sigmoid_bad.
Make a TOTP secret from a secret and a timestamp.
Encode a value to a JSON string and replace all non - string characters with a string.
Return a normalized version of a. This is the inverse of _oned_norm_1
Unpacks a string into a Python object. If the string is not a Python object it
Return True if the line ends with a CR.
List services on a given host. If the service does not exist it will be created.
Check if the given address is a valid CIDR address.
Load the contents of a pickle file and return it as a Python object.
Get the submodulename of a module name.
Destroy a block device mapping.
Get the current performance data for a given counter. The data is formatted according to the given
Return a list of all certificates in the given certificatestore. If certificat
Return a failure code with the given sub - string as the initial failure code.
Get the auth url from the opts dict. If the opts dict is not available return the
Ask the user for the given string and return the result. If the string is not a
Split an address into the localpart and the domain.
Convert a string to a native value. If the value is a string it will be converted
Get a user object by username. If the user does not exist raise a fixturemissingerror
Upload the previous version of the document to the remote server.
Return True if x is an integer and False otherwise.
Format a job instance into a dictionary that can be passed to a salt. utils. jid
Returns a list of integers representing the points in the given path that are within the given radius
Calculate the Lrap score for a given y_true and y_score.
Get the version of the moto package.
Make the long description and write it to the rst_description_path.
Upload a file to the storage system.
Inject field data overrides into the blocks in the given course.
Check for fields in entries that are not in expected.
Returns a list of all reservations for a given project.
Walk through all test targets in the given directory.
Returns the plural form of the given text. If the given text is an instance of str
Returns the minus sign symbol for the given locale or None if no such symbol is available.
Returns a dictionary with the current configuration values. The keys are the config keys and the values
Create a PUT route that returns a dict with the data from the GET request. This is
A template loader that loads the editable form field. This is used to load the editable form
Return a pretty version of the given name.
Generates a key expansion from a keystring. The keystring must be in the form of
Returns True if the line is likely to be part of a multiline string.
Unpack an ASF image from binary data.
Create an NZB string from a list of file elements.
Set the signal handlers for all the signals in sig_handler_dict.
Put multiple entities asynchronously. Returns a list of PutResult objects for each of the entities.
Record a message at a specific timestamp in the current context. If timestamp is none the current
Generate a plotly plot from the current matplotlib figure.
Return the age of the log buffer in seconds.
Write an XML document to a file if it has changed.
Generate the constants. pyx and constants. cython_enums.
Create a directory with its parents if it doesn t already exist. If it already exists it
Get a track from a media descriptor.
Get the string value of an element attribute. If the key is not present in the element
Get the IP address of an interface.
Splits a TeX string into a list of strings. If maxsplit is not specified the
Save the session to the browser. If the response is a stream the session will be saved
Try to import a module. If the module cannot be imported return none. If the module
Get the current journal reader.
Renames oldname to newname if newname does not exist. If newname does exist it will
Returns True if the current time is within the grace period.
Given an object and a mapping of enum names to their corresponding names in the object.
Crawls the expression and calls the function with the given arguments. If the function returns
Load a command class from the given app_name and command name.
Post a message to mattermost
Convert a color to a Qtgui. qcolor object.
Print a list of all categories in the system. If no parent_category_name is
Get the version of the dataset from the file system. If the file doesn t exist it
Return a default value for the given name.
Escape a byte string so that it can be used as a value for a byte string.
Get the f - option from a list of options. If none is found return None.
Authenticates the user using the WNS API. If the user is not logged in
Checks the header of a caplog against a list of stubs. This is useful for
Check if two matrices have the same transformations.
Test read_tab with str_ as the key and the value of str_ as the
Test for django specifying scenarios to run in a given directory.
Validator for the bufsize keyword argument. Returns a list of tuples that can be used to
Make a default map of signal names to their respective target classes.
Get a slice of the time series for a given range of epochs.
Return the best match for the given cp. If installed is False return the best match.
Get a list of event managers for a media list.
Return a function that returns a tuple of values for a given list of items.
Get the local and observed RVS from a minibatch.
Convert a time object to a datetime object.
Return a list of rospack plugin names for a given package.
Get the dtype kind of each item in a list of numpy. ndarrays.
Send a command to the console and wait for it to finish.
Update translations for a plugin or a list of plugins. If a plugin is specified update all
Add a configuration to the MSVS spec.
Return the means of the classes in y.
Check if the user has permission to trigger the given rule.
Return a boolean indicating whether boto is installed or not.
Release a previously acquired lock. This function is called when the lock is released.
Create an IKEPolicy.
Test the arguments of a line and a line - like object. This is useful for testing
Print onetraining vector x.
Interpret an EMR step syslog file and return a dictionary of interpretation information.
Reload Django s urlconf module from settings. root_urlconf if it exists.
Run a job in the job s expt_dir using the job_file_for
Get the indexes for the given table_name.
Create a new language for a site.
Return a list of mac addresses associated with the given domain.
Create a SpectralImage from a string and return it as a PIL. Image object.
Given a mime type and a list of parsed media ranges return the best fitness and quality.
Create a client for connecting to cloud networks.
Find the prototypes in the given code.
Get metrics from server_status_url and cache it if it is too long.
Add the current traceback to the global list of tracebacks to be used in debug mode.
Compute the correlated time series between two data frames.
Check if a line is out of a method definition.
Generate noise from the covariance matrix and the iir_filter. If iir_filter
Format a stack output dictionary into a list of strings.
Convert a cell name to a row and column number.
Skips the given string and adds it to the clr. This is useful when you
Write a list of positions to a file in the form of a sequence of strings.
Get the latest records for a given list_id. If no records are available return a
Get the flavor to use for the deployment. If flavor is not specified the flavor will be
Return the virtual name of this module. This is only available on Mac OS X.
auto_identified_by will return the highest number of times a series has been identified
Return the target of the comment form.
Perform a shared login if the user is already logged in. If the user is logged in
Factory to create a form for exporting a file to a given file format.
Return a dictionary with the inverse operator and num_ as keys and the inverse operator as values
Return the position of the key in the logical_line if it exists. Otherwise return None
Make a query from a sample filter.
Generate a random job prefix.
Expose a string as the about page.
Returns a handler that can be used to remove a video from a course.
Return a file - like object for the given filename. If the filename ends in. gz
Return True if the hostname matches the hostname in the certificate. If the hostname does not match
Return a sitemap from the sitemaps dict.
Create a new layer from the viewer config.
Get a dictionary of proxies from the environment.
Get the most recent incomplete item for a user.
Test the precision of the precision of the number of digits in the number of digits in the
Install komodo in the current working directory. This is a shortcut to install_editor
Check if a directory exists in the index. If the directory does not exist return False.
Return the virtual name of this class.
Pauses the anim event by setting the value of the anim parameter to False.
This is the main entry point for the twiml. twiml. twim
Migrate the node facts to the same format as the node facts. This is necessary because the
Remove a minor number from a device.
Get all errant logs for the given root node.
Open a file or directory and return a reference number.
Doestesthavelabels returns True if any of the given labels are in the
Fix the indentation of a string to a multiple of num_.
Render a genshi template string with the given context.
Get a benchmarkcluster object from command line options or from environment variables.
Return a dictionary of contract creation exceptions.
Ensures that the named option is present with the given value. If the option does not exist
Create a new variable with weight decay and add it to the collection.
Return the gradient of the sum of x y z.
run_tests_if_main - run tests if it s the main function of the
Delete a comment from a course.
Normalize a list of paths into a list of absolute paths. If the value is a list
Test that the normalizations are valid.
Return the md5sum of the given file or None if the file does not exist.
Returns True if the string s contains only printable characters ; otherwise returns False.
Check if the user and group are valid. Return a string containing the user and group names
Ensure the link is a social link. If the link is not a social link return it
Revert a document to a new revision. If the new revision is different than the old
Wait for a winrm connection to be established. Returns a winrm. Session object.
Update the text of a stimulus and return the elapsed time since the last update.
Check if the given search_name is valid for the given flow and return a set of
Open a new page in a web browser.
Delete a queue item from the NCBI server. If the value is a list of
Create a context dictionary from a sample.
Register the navigation bar hooks. This is a simple tag that can be used to render the
Check if a domain is valid.
Get the body of an SSH command from the response.
Delete a contact type.
Returns a set of permissions that are not granted to the given user. If user is a
Sends an e - mail using the given template.
Return a list of all the available devices on the system. This command returns a list of
Find the first selected node in a list of nodes. If no node is selected return None
Create a new instance with the given classname. If no namespace is given the class will be
Freezes the login details.
Implementation of the edmonds_karp algorithm for the Karp algorithm.
Return True if the request wants JSON.
Test the daophot types in the ascii file.
Set the end and start attributes of an element node.
Sends an e - mail to a list of recipients.
Return a list of the unique elements in a sequence.
Get the current date time in the given format.
Read the page header from a file - like object.
Parse a requirements file and return a generator of requirements.
Compute the WCS for the given key and challenge.
Get the normal vector of a path.
Convert a timestamp to a normal timestamp.
Return a list of all volume types in a group.
Return the name of the write index for the given group.
Set the cache directory.
Check that a path is a file and if it is raise an error if it is not
Submits a task to send a course email to multiple course emails.
Normalize an angle to the range [ 0 num_ ) where num_ is a multiple of
Get the size of a file from the backend.
Return a function that can be used to write a string to a file object with a fallback
Call the API to update the rating of a user in the queue.
Reloads the syslog - ng state.
A test to register a filter with a value and a key. This test can be used
Convert a DNS name to an IPv4 or IPv6 address.
Compute the ones - like tensor of a CSM object with the same shape as the input
Check if the physical line is a VI header. If so return the line number and
Take a list of lines and return a list of lines with the dedented text.
Generate a random string of the given length with the given characters in the given bad list.
Break down the cookie name and text from the beginning of the cookie and return it as a
Return the indentation level of the given line.
Calculate the obviance between two data sets and return the result as a numpy array.
Expand a load balancer object into a dictionary.
Check integrity of sqlmap files.
Strip newsgroup quoting from a string.
Convert an RGB tuple to HSV.
Get the OS version info struct from the Windows RTL library.
Convert a string to a numpy array.
Sample rois from the ROI table.
Create a DataContainer object from headers and post data. If headers is None return plain container
Make a name from package and module.
Check if a virtual volume is absent in the specified volume group. If the virtual volume is
Cancels the current checkout.
Mark the start of a deprecation warning and record the number of errors that have been kept.
Parse a CSV file into a sequence of records. If no records are found EOF is returned
Return True if the current Python version is Python 2. 7.
Calculate the MD5 hash of a file.
Check if the given entry is a valid hidden service address.
Return a TwitternotificationService instance.
Run a set of script usage tests against a set of test data directories and a set of
Get the instance_id of the current instance from the server.
Check if the referer matches the pattern.
Get the crafted text from the given text. If the text is empty return the
Disable the named service. Returns True if the service is disabled False if it is disabled.
Get the strokeradiusbyprefix of the given element node.
System Information Type 8 Packet
Suggest a semantic version from a string.
Get a list of all the parameters of the layers in layer_list.
Return - 1 if pkg1 is greater than pkg2 0 if pkg1 is less than
Command line interface for creating a new agent.
Returns a slice of the newest count elements of the iterable or an empty list if count is
Split a path into its components and return them as a list of strings. If result is
Test if the correlation matrix is less than the correlation matrix of the random number generator.
Raise an error if attr_name is not a valid reserved word.
Save a certificate to a file. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Squeeze a 2x2 array.
Read endrecdata64 record from file - like object fpin and return it as dict
Create a toplevel widget with the given title and iconname.
Save all the values in the global repository dialogbox.
Create a shell for the current application and database.
Check if a file exists in a list of filepaths and print it if it does not
Ceil x to the nearest integer.
Wait for all prior running states to be in the given jid. If no jid is given
Get a view for the given content using the given viewmode. If no viewmode is
Return the path to the config. h file for the current platform.
Add a like for the given object and user.
Defines an inclusion tag with unlimited arguments and keyword arguments. This is useful when you want
Load a single cron from a YAML file. If the file is malformed raise an exception.
Copy the contents of src to dest in the given config_dir and return the path to
Update an existing file.
Test API 1.
Returns True if the ground is at position u. If c is none then the ground is
Get a list of all launch configurations.
Return the zone name of the system.
Given a form and a list of attributes return a dictionary of the form s cleaned_data
Return True if field is conservative i. e. field == num_.
Match fs_type dev and needed_options against fs_type and return a boolean_
Display the top contributors of a given product.
Returns the identifier method for the given key. If the key is an instance of the class
Generate a random genome using mutableseq.
Get the path to the profiler log file.
Upload a file to an S3 bucket.
Return a callable that can be used to determine if the command is a boolean or not.
Returns the antidivisor count of n.
Example of how to use the oauth2 webserverflow flow. This is the main
Make a uniform PMF of size n from low to high.
Update the DNS records for all the RDS instances in the specified zone. If no zone is
Translate a plural rule into a translation string.
This is the main entry point for the HASS module. It is the main entry point
Build a network that can be used as a cyclic network.
Check if a string contains metastrings.
Set the localectl for the given locale.
Return a list of all available pg_lsclusters. If verbose is set to True only
Returns the full path to the job file for the given job.
Set the non - blocking flag on the given pipe.
Create the fast start scripts for the given interpreter.
Listen for requests using the given description and return the result of calling the given function.
Convert a datetime object to UTC and return it as a naive datetime object.
Wait for a quorum of db_nodes to be ready.
Try to decode a byte string into a str_cls object.
Set an object in memcache. If lock is set to True the object will be locked.
Normalize text to remove leading and trailing whitespace from the beginning and end of a string.
Return the base signup form class from app_settings. signup_form_class
Select the correct route based on the environment and the routes_app. If no app is
Restarts the machine with the given name. If the machine is running it will be restarted
Get the base path from a base URL.
Append a host to a pool if it is not empty. If it is empty return the
Get a flow for a given set of actions.
Parse a string and return a jinja2 object.
Returns True if the attached console window is visible.
Return the default namespace.
Print out a list of mac addresses from a maclist file.
Return a list of all the low state data from the SSH highstate module.
Get the node with the given nodeid or None if it doesn t exist.
Create a new user with the given name email password and role. If the user already exists
Check if there are any conflicts in the repository.
Validates that the given string is not an attribute of the given arch. If the string is
Return a promoted version of the given name. If the name is already promoted it
Compute the indices and projections of a z - r - sorted array.
Returns True if the element is bound to a context. If the element is bound to a
Render a template to an HTTP response.
Bumps the cache for the given product. If no shop is given the cache will be
Create a mock key provider for the given list of keys.
Return a dictionary mapping library dataset IDs to LDDAs.
Return the current system version.
Copy lines from a file or file - like object to a journal.
Run text tests on the command line.
Print a warning about missing microversion header.
Calculate the median of a list of numbers grouped by name. The minimum and maximum parameters can
Read a raster file and return a polygon object.
Returns the fixed IP address associated with the given network and host.
Parse a property list from a string or IO object.
Set up canned roles for a class.
Decode a base64 string into a string. If convert_eols is set to True
Compute the sigma - est - kpss for a given set of resids.
Consume items from a queue and return them as a generator.
Return the total number of items in an iterable.
Read the header of a BAM file and return it as a tuple.
Return a versioned version of the given plugin in the form of an object with the given version
Get the current version of geonode. If no version is provided the current version is
Test stratified validation k - fold.
Save the uploaded file to the given filename. If raw_data is True the file will
Returns a list of most recent messages for the given experiment.
Returns the mapper for the given entity or None if the entity is not a boolean.
Return a human readable string of a file size.
Get the current text from the clipboard. If selection is set to True the text will be
Sort the allowed list by protocol.
Returns the name of the current resource in the viewset.
Create a list of subtasks for the given queryset.
Check if the given flag is accepted by the given list of accepted keywords.
Assert that the studio view does not contain the given HTML.
Parse a timestamp string into a datetime. datetime object.
Convert a text string to a dictionary.
Return the contents of a file or a file - like object as a bytes object.
Parse a quoted string and return the value and the position of the quoted string.
Called when an item is deleted from a course.
Remove a device from the configuration file. If the device does not exist nothing is done.
Get the name of the workgroup in which the computer is running. If the computer is
Computes the softmax of mat and returns the result. If target is None the result will be
Helper function to delete a sysv service from the system.
Analyzes text and prints the sentiment score and the magnitude of the text.
Return a dictionary of the status of the database.
Compute the variance of a matrix. The variance is the sum of the mean and the variance
Return a sample of the memory of the current process. The sample is stored in _mem
Applies a function with a random selector.
Get the hashprocessor for the given kexalgorithm.
Returns the default URL for the feedback page. This is the default URL for the feedback page
Return True if want and got match the ellipsis marker. Return False otherwise. Return False.
Return the local resource URL for a given XBlock block and resource URI.
Generate the HTML report for the given results_dir. If relative_links is set to
Remove a bridge from the system.
Returns a formatted WWN string. If the length of the WWN string is different than
Convert a byte array into a binary string.
Write a list of strings to a file with the given filename and contents.
Compute the trace of x.
Find the file metadata for a given path in a bucket in a given environment.
Return the version info of the pyzmq module.
Return a copy of the headers in a dict with the keys and values converted to bytes.
Check the result of a dbl call. Return none if the result is not num_
Redirect the user to a different URL.
Clean up the name of a node.
Build the pillar data from the build options.
Print a tensor to the console.
Find an unused port.
Returns the content of the view with the given file_name. If the file_name
Given a list of groups and a list of modules define the plugin entries for each group.
Register a fczmdriver class to be used by FCZM.
Ensure that a security group is a default security group.
Set the non - blocking flag on the given file descriptor.
Check if the cache can be used for the given products.
Clear the rcparams and set the default values to the values in rcparamsdefault.
Test the correctness of a random tensor.
Returns True if the element should be reversed. Otherwise returns False.
Return an object that can be used as a unique identifier for a given API method.
Get the current cluster position in s3.
Escape a string for use in an SQL statement.
Test completion item focus and no completion filter model.
Main entry point for the command line tool. This is the entry point for the command line
Get the signature from the given signature_data.
Return the system path of the given device.
Run an osf apiserver on the given port.
Make an environment key from app_name and key.
Return True if content experiments are enabled for the given course.
Wait for at least one read event on the given sockets.
Update an existing file with a new alias.
Write a named matrix to the file descriptor.
P - unary expression.
Register the inject_commands function with the given CLI instance.
Convert a string value to an integer if possible.
Run a text test on the given test_path using the given sdk_path and test
Given a usage key string return a new usage key with the course_key filled in.
Get the path to a variable in a texlive environment.
Test if a key is missing in the context of a replay.
Delete a location. If the user has the permission delete it. If the user has the
Enable a server on the nsnitro server server_name is the name of the server
Parse a template from a file or file - like object and return it as a string.
Return a set of characters that are required in the block_range. If full_coverage
This callback is called when a user replies to a published page. This callback will send a
Download a setuptools version from a given URL.
Configure the chassis based on the given changes.
Change the current working directory to the given path. If quiet is set to True warnings are
Get the rights for the given activity_type and activity_id.
Return True if the string s is a looking - at call.
Add a sphere to the mesh.
Context manager that sets the current user and restores the previous one.
Convert a minolta value to a float.
Same as test_copied but with a context manager.
Set up the plugin module if it s not already loaded.
Get the latest version of the given package names.
Checks if an IP address is a valid IPv4 or IPv6 address.
Return True if the database is primed.
Return a tuple of all extensions in the Nova cluster.
Return the id type of the given string or None if it s not an id type.
Get the current node number from the netbios interface.
Check if the value is a categorical sparse or datetimetz extension type.
Test module scope is updated on patch.
Fit a sample of the cluster centroids and assert that it is the same as the sample.
MaTakestep2 random variates of size num_ and adds them to
Parse a string into an integer and a string containing the integer and the number of digits.
Return a form instance for the given list of fields.
Run osf tests.
Get the credential with the given name in the given tenant.
Saves the given states to the database in the given UOWTransaction.
Set the hostname on the minion.
Calculate the winner class from the meta class and the base classes. If the winner
Print a carbon. file. fsspec object to stdout.
Handle a SIGUSR1 signal. Reopen the log files when the signal is received.
Make a request to a JSON - RPC.
Raise an exception if the given context is not an admin or a user is not a context
Ensure that the dtype of the input array is float01. If not raise an exception.
Return a list of all the arguments in the given sequence. If output is none return the
Sample the instance hardnessthreshold and test the fit of the instance hardnessthreshold
Wrap a socket in an SSL connection.
Check if youtube is available on the given urls.
Validate a cum function with a skipna argument.
Compiles the given directory into a Python script.
Return a list of dup_strips from a dictionary.
Update the configuration of a job. If no name is given the configuration will be set to
Return the theano norm of the input vector w.
Remove a key from the cache. If recurse is set to True the key will be recursively
Terminate the script after a scenario is executed.
Convert a hex string to a base32 string.
Return the message to be displayed when the ratings have been successful for the given app.
Remove all unicode and str special characters from a string.
Get the incoming rate from the previous sle. If the previous sle does not exist
Sends an email to the next_event. If there is no next_event in the
This function is called before a new template is created. It sets the global variable new_
Change sickbeard. torrent_dir to torrent_dir. If torrent_dir
Return a list of terms that are pairs of num_ - > num_ where num_
Add a discussion to a page.
Read a Motif record from a file - like object or file - like object.
Convnet and fully_connected inference network.
Returns the timescale of the tricomplex between firsttricomplex and other
Test for the get_filter method.
Write data with a twoline and no bookend.
Returns the admin url name for a comment.
Convert a list of keyword arguments to a list of nodes.
The watchlist view for a user s watchlist. This view will return a list of
Reset the global optimizations for the celery worker. This function is called when the worker
LZ4 encode for old kafka.
Return the data from the specified url. If no url is specified return the data from the
Create a new virtual environment in the given directory.
Get the configuration from the INI file. If the file does not exist raise runtimeerror
Export ARIA 2 configuration.
Get the format for the given format_type and language. If no language is given the
Authenticates the user using the digest authentication method. If the user is not authenticated the
Return True if hook_file is a valid hook and hook_name is not a backup
Add labels to a host.
Describes a change in a p4 repository.
Print a string to the console.
Run a command in the same directory as the current working directory.
Return the identity of x.
Return the z - statistic and the p - value for the given value and standard deviation.
Get the error code of the current EGL context. The error code is returned as a
Log an error in the context of the current stack.
Return a datagrid of the members of a group.
Returns a list of tuples containing the license id and the license title. If no existing_
Returns True if the application is in debug mode. Otherwise returns False.
Return a dictionary with the initial values of a document.
Return a list of all running jobs. If concurrent is True return a list of running jobs
Get the flipped loop for the given element node and prefix. If prefix is not None
Return a list of markers sorted according to the given list of matches.
Get a list of all the policies in a group.
Count the number of elements in a sequence.
Get the VM boot spec for the given device.
Ensure that a path is relative to the current working directory.
Test that invalid_multi_line cannot start with a multiline.
Open a window on the specified file object.
Call the remote function on the given perspective and return the result as a list of integers.
Create a builder element for the SSH data structure.
Toggles the compute_proj property of the model. This function is called when the
Generate a signed JWT.
Create a mismatch message with the given mismatched values. The description and details are passed to
Get a normal vector weighted by a center point and a normal vector weighted by a center point
Return the local timezone name.
Set multiple boolean values in a dictionary. If persist is set to True the values will be
Suggest a string in a web browser.
Expose a function as an anonymous API. This is useful when you want to expose a
Check if the logical_line is a valid oslo i18n line.
Select multiple form controls that match a regular expression and set the value of those controls to the
Return a list of enabled service owners.
Delete all metadef properties for a given namespace.
Convert a string to a slugified version of it.
Test join inplace.
Create an instance of the imagemembers resource.
Return True if the value is a safe type for the given key in the given object.
Run the refreshrepo command on the given module. If auto_import_keys is True
Set audio channel.
Get statistics from a Vim Cluster object.
Return a string with all the methods and attributes of the given object. If collapse is True
Fetch a value from a cachedir. If the key does not exist it will return none
Return a list of pages to show.
Check if the database is valid.
Download a setuptools egg from the given URL and return the path to the downloaded egg.
Returns True if the given mac is a valid mac address False otherwise.
Get recommendations for a list of folders.
Remove the first how_much characters from the beginning of a sequence.
Recover all the workers in a load balancer.
Left shift a GF function f by n times k. If f is empty return it
Compute the Bayesian Computation of the Bayesian Model using NBSVM.
Test that the input estimator is the same as the transformer s estimator.
Add a trunk8 script to the S3 script list.
Perform a union test on the character - brute force of the given parameter and value.
A view that renders the password form for the specified user. If the user is logged in
Return True if any element in the sequence is True.
Test import of vispy. gloo.
Create a generic formset for a given model.
Convert a byte string to a long integer.
Send the notification of a new string translation.
Return a page message for the current page. If the current page exceeds the maximum number of
Generate a list of anchors with the given ratios and scales.
Dispatch a method call to the server.
Returns a fixture for the environment of the test suite. This is useful when you want to
Update the course enrollment for the given user and course_id. If the user does not
Install a list of packages. If update is set to True the index will be updated.
The main entry point for the application.
Test that virtualenv_version is a valid string.
Process the bc_freqs dictionary into a list of tuples.
Subscribe a user to a given creator.
Check for duplicates in the S3 REST API.
Return a dictionary of channel indices keyed by channel type.
example1_build_forest - Build a room for a given x y pair.
Return True if the service is a system - v service.
Shut down the application.
Returns the currency name for the given currency in the given locale. If no locale is given
Return True if xblock is a unit. If parent_xblock is None return False
Serialize a remote exception into a JSON string.
Make a bad request with the given code and result. The code can be either bad_
Send an email to the user that the user has been unclaimed.
Returns True if the given user exists in the given server. If the user does not exist
Generate the doc for the return dict.
Initialize the module with the given state. The module will be initialized with the given state.
Get the lower and upper bounds of a slice from a builder and slicestruct.
Get HTTP client authorization infos from the HTTP Authorization header.
Make an exog from a list of arrays.
Return the old password in the form of a string. If uppercase is set to True the
Uninstall the cache from the session factory.
Test file multiple reads.
Add short links to all documents in doc_ids. This is a thread - safe operation
Convert an integer to a base36 string.
Build a list of criterion operations from a list of campaign operations.
Return a list of valid locales. If normalize is True it will be used to normalize the
Test the interpolation of the model.
Create a folder structure at a given depth and a given sibling depth.
Check the callbacks for a given URL.
Create a collection in the database at the given path. If the collection already exists it will
Get a random list of available API servers.
The main entry point for the fix command.
Check if the given user has access to view the reports in the given project.
Convert an object into a list.
Returns a collator for case sensitive strings.
Find an adapter in the given registry based on the class name of the given object.
Recursively extract all the values for a given key from a dictionary.
Delete a file.
Raises an assertion error if a is not equal to b.
Quantile the data by the given number of quantiles. If the data is not a
Set the rate limit for a given task. If rate_limit is False the task will
Encode the input file to the output file. If the input file is a string it will
Calculate the iqr of an array.
Make a datetime. datetime instance aware.
Disable profiling for a given service.
Returns a tuple of s3_meta_created_by and s3_meta_
Safely decode a string into a unicode object. Raises typeerror if the input is not
Get the program name from sys. argv. If there is no program name in sys.
Given a list of ids return a string representation of the ids. If ids is a single
Create a multi - indicator array from a list of positions or a list of positions.
Returns a dictionary with the title and the title of the file.
Returns True if the user has the given permission False otherwise.
The pre_execute method is called before the event is executed. This method is called before
Return a new matrix with the given offset. The offset must be a 2D array.
Create a new tenant.
A context manager to collect profiling information.
Display baremetal node.
Convert an object to a reference.
Return a dict of stats for the given request.
Convert a JSON value to a byte string. If the value is not null then base64
Return a list of gitignore templates.
Return a list of all disabled services.
Generate a HMAC for the given request method path expiration and key.
Read images from disk.
Nopackages packages that are not installed.
Decode a binary string into a field value and flag value and the number of bytes consumed.
Return the two sets ind1 and ind2 where ind1 and ind2 are set.
Check if the username and password are the same as the user s config.
Get a security group by id.
Test the preprocessor expression of the string str_. The string str_ must be a
Return a list of works by ISCC.
Read a little endian unsigned long from a file - like object.
Run a script in the current working directory and return its exit code. If the script fails
Compress the data into a list of lists with the keys and the values of each row.
Return the value of a property in the given style map or None if the property is not
Invert the tree structure of a tree structure.
Return a float wrapped by modulo. If floatvalue is less than modulo return modulo. Otherwise
Wait for a write on the given file descriptor to complete and return the number of bytes written
List all users in the Kstone account.
Return the name of the signal.
Get the crafted text from a text file.
Import the status from the item into the data dictionary. If the status is already in the
Calculate the new position of a point on the Earth given a distance and a bearing.
Get the extended comm subclass for a given type high.
Test lex_mangling_bang.
Get the global context for the MkDocs plugin.
Return a copy of the clip with d_on and d_off blinking.
Send a message to the l3 socket and wait for it to be ready to receive.
Monitor the logical_line to see if it is in the format of str_.
Find the cover page for the given container.
Interprets the given marker string and returns the result. If no execution_context is
Get the details of a cache subnet group.
Parse a doc string and return a dictionary of option names to their corresponding values.
This is the main entry point for the juniper_srx program. It
Test for monitor get gamma and a new grid.
Check the result of glreadpixels. If assert_result is set to True then the
Return a generator of filesystems and globs for each sample output.
Tell input hook. This hook is called when a message is received from a user.
Root mean square error.
Return a response with the current Python version and the current version of the application.
Remove a boot volume from a given server in a given datacenter.
Adds a track to the list of tracks that have been added to the current track list.
Locate a text using the geocoding API. This command will return the location name
Return the networkid to use for this VM. If no networkid is specified return the
Iterate over all integration targets in the system.
Return the binary representation of a number.
Load the device key from the config file.
Assert that x follows unicode guidelines. If roundtrip is not None then x must be
A generator that yields n - sized chunks from the beginning of the stream. If allow_
Return True if the line is a line that does not contain any junk.
Resize a video from private_storage to local_storage and update the preview s addon.
Convert a phone number to a numeric number.
Return a list of primes of length n.
Return a dictionary mapping field names to indices of duplicates in a list of fields.
Set up an interface by type. If the type is not set it will return None.
Shuts down the given application. If no application is given the current working directory is used
Generate an anonymous id for a given user and course.
Verify that all modules in the Sphinx library are present in the Sphinx inventory.
Check if the callback is an api view.
Return a function that returns a string in the LRU cache. The function returns a string
Return True if the given sheet exists in the current working directory. If the sheet does not
Convert a record to a constant.
Return a list of all users on the minion.
Load calendars from a YAML file. Returns a dictionary of calendars and device schema.
Connect NetToms packet.
Reconstructs the path from the current token to the next token in the path.
This function refreshes the facts of the system. This is useful when you want to refresh
Get information about a group.
Returns a list of rows from the table. If row_list is set to True then
Test fit_sample_with_indices with random_indices.
Edit a folder. If the user is logged in the user will be redirected to the user
Ensures that the named service is absent.
Search for a person in S3.
Download appstats from a remote server.
This is the main function of the SNMP interface. This is the main function of the
Aborts the program with the given error messages.
Remove a user from a group.
Get a list of all test names in the current directory.
Change the value of a subscription property in a user s profile.
Returns true if the current group has a snapshot filter applied to it. Otherwise returns false.
A fixture to convert an XML document to an LXML document. This fixture can be used
Create a dataframe from a numpy array.
Convert a byte size to a human readable string.
Open a local file or a URL using urllib2. urlopen if it s a local file
Return True if obj is None. If obj is None return False. Otherwise return True.
Check that the given field is a valid astroyear year.
Check if a user exists on a given host.
Euclidean distance between two vectors.
P_expr_list_2 p_expr_list_3 p_expr_
Return True if all objects in the manager are equal to the given list.
Resolve a name and return the answer.
Return the medical price for a given number of bards.
Print an error message.
Logistic logistic model.
Generate a faux MIME message from the response and the content.
Delete a member from a pool
Test dump stop level.
Return a module object from a string or import it if it s not already a module.
Hydrate a sources field from a list of source files.
Add a request suffix to a string.
Make a CDF from a PMF. If label is None return the CDF of the P
Unescapes the slash characters in a string.
Return the sum of the largest k values of x.
Return the contents of a file as a unicode string or None if the file does not exist
A context manager that replaces the URL patterns in the django. conf. root_urlconf
Send a syslog message to the specified server.
Connect to pre_delete signal to delete files for the current object.
Get the s3 rest controller for the campaign.
Convert a numpy. rec_like object into a devicerecord object.
Return a dict of subreddit objects keyed by their SRID. If srs is True return
Register media discoverer with libvlc_media_discoverer_event_manager.
Listen for course_published signal to clear the course from cache and update the course in cache
Return a generator that yields lines from the given writeline sequence. The generator will yield lines
Returns a list of osquery. Command objects representing the changes made to the user s passwd
Load a tag with a given taglib. If a taglib is specified it will be
Write the given mod_attr to the ipy_should_not_impl file.
Get the description of an object from its docstring.
Store friends for a given user.
Create an empty array with the same shape and dtype as the input array.
Raise a resourcedenied exception if the resource is not enabled.
Test to install the package as an egg in the site_packages and the site_packages
Helper function to send a command to a specific LBn and return a dictionary of the
Returns a function that parses the body as a multipart form. If the body is a stream
Get all internet gateways that desribe a bad id.
Return the magnitude of x in the form of an integer in the form of an integer in
Leave the current transaction management state. If the current transaction management state is not in the dirty
Concatenate a list of tensors into a single tensor along a given axis.
Return the norm of x along the given axis or num_ if axis is None.
Read a boolean from a file and return it as a numpy array.
Escape a string so that it can be used as a value in an SQL statement.
Return the tolux of the given raw value.
Register a callback to be called when a resource of a given type is available.
Check if a user has permission for some organization.
Specifier Qualifier List 3.
Create a nested dict from a path and a value.
Update the FB - Thrift library configuration.
Test the locations of the montage file.
Save the current state to a pickle file.
Get all volumes in a generic volume group. Filters can be specified to filter the results.
Find the unit pattern for a given unit ID.
Copy files from in_files to out_files.
Expands a type string into a list of types.
Find the path to the pylintrc in the current working directory or the user s
Define a role in the pr_role table. If the role already exists it will be
Application Information Packet
Return a tuple with a boolean and a string representation of the state of the system.
Test that the reconstruction of the image is equal to the mask of the image.
Register a public key on the device.
Mask sensitive data in a message.
Helper function to make a request to the Nagios API. This function is used to
Runs a command in a shell or a shell - like environment.
Return a list of file paths in the given directory.
Convert an upper - to - lower numpy array.
Generate a TOTP passcode from a secret.
Write data to a file.
Invalidate the hash of the given suffix_dir. The suffix is appended to the end of
Register a representer for a given data type.
Deprecated. Use patch_object instead. Use patch_object_with_deprecation instead.
A decorator to wrap a function in a transactional tasklet. The function will be executed in
Main entry point for the pip command line tool. This is the entry point for the pip
Create a Flask application with the given configuration.
Redirect to the current domain.
Creates a connection to the Machinelearning API.
Draw a color map on the color bar using the RGB color map on the color bar.
Return a dict of all the sites that are deployed to the given app. If app_
Return a generator of headers from the given environ dictionary. The headers are returned as a tuple
Process the call queue and put the result in the result_queue.
Convert an etree element to a topic object.
Execute the sync action. This action will be executed in the context of the current context.
Add an error to the list of saved errors.
Checks if an item is in the course tree.
Check that fscale is a valid string.
Iterate the second part of the first part of the second part of the second part of the
Return HTML for a directory browser.
Get an encoder for the given encoding.
Shows all figures in the main window.
Add positives to the list of positives given a derivation and a list of paths
Copy the extras from the config file to the output directory.
Return a tuple of the scheme and hostname of the Xen API server.
Reset all profile settings to their default values. This function is called when the user changes the
Escape an RFC822 header so that it can be used as an RFC822 header value.
Return True if addr is an IPv6 address False otherwise.
Set the minimum and maximum bounds of the image. The minimum and maximum bounds can be specified
Return a list of all related models in the given model.
Create an ECDSA verifier for the given signature using the given hash method and public key.
Format the given date according to the global date format. If the date does not start with
Load a module from a file or a file - like object. Returns a module object.
Configure the organisation_id and organisation_id fields for the HMR HMR
Try to kill the process with the given signal. If the process cannot be killed return False
Get the code of the current user in the database. If the user is not logged in
Switch to a different host based on the param_name in the request data.
Update the root organisation of a branch or organisation. If root_org is not
Return a list of all the nodes in the cluster.
Initialize the qutebrowser browser with the given arguments.
Perform the cleanup of the given scratch image and text files.
Convert a pauli operator to a Q - simplified operator.
Return the size of the database in bytes.
Remove a platform from ASAM.
Encode a missing timestamp.
Parse an iscsiname rule and return a dictionary of the parsed arguments.
Return a list of the root nodes of the given node.
Return the class instance of the given object.
Delete an entry from the system. If remove is set to True the entry will be removed
Return True if e is an SSL error.
Insert GPU - based filter actions into the graph.
Returns a redirect to the root of the site. If the user is logged in it will
Return a hello message with the given name. If no name is given the message will be
Get a summary of the changes between two models.
This is the entry point for the setup. py script. This is the entry point for
Returns a list of files in the directory specified by path.
Returns the timezone locale preferences for the current user or None if the user is not logged in
Calculate the linear gradient between start and end with the given number of nbins.
Calculate the boundaries of a vector.
Load the given language into the environment for the given superuser. The language will be installed
Return the virtual name of this module.
Compute the idzp_id of the input array a. The input array must be
A simple bootstrap form that renders a form with a form_class and returns it as a
Add sources to result.
Get the session id for a given url username and password.
Returns True if the given user is a prereg admin.
Update the server info in the given repository.
Initialize the module with the given state and return a Gashelimodule object.
Command - line entry point for the script.
Return a list of volumes in a group. Filters can be specified to filter the results.
Freezes the state of the named module.
Mark a string for escaping in a way that it can be used as a result of a
Test for the presence of a missing python package.
Get the console output of a server.
Generate a histogram of the quality scores for the given qual_fp. The output_dir
Generate a random UUID.
Return a list of items in a queue.
Display a list of resources in a demo format.
Generate a JWT with the given header and payload. The header and payload are base64 encoded
Get the full path to the config file for the given atom.
Calculate the covariance at the tied time step.
Destroy a consistency group.
Decrypt the keyfile using the environment variables encrypted_key_env and encrypted_init_vector
Split a source file into a list of code blocks and a list of text blocks.
Given a namespace and an action_prefix find all the actions that start with the action_
Return the first value in a list.
Get the FreesmsNotificationService instance.
Move old_file_name to new_file_name. If allow_overwrite is
Create a line plot of a 2d array of x y with the given colors.
Get the index of the ruling separation in the given screen coordinates.
Remove the config file from the pack_dir if it exists.
Blend two channels using the hard light algorithm.
Split the path on the last component of the path and remove the last component from the path
Get the timezone to use for the display.
Get the EC2 attach status from a volume dict.
Load extra data for a given social auth user.
Pick a mailbox from a list of mailboxes.
Check if a variable is set by CLI. If not try to detect it. If not
Read the CIFAR10 dataset from the ld command line.
Test that an OSS fit_sample with a wrong object.
Create a figure manager for the given figure.
Returns the URL for the given path.
Set up django. contrib. contrib. contrib. django_urls and django. contrib.
A method signature that sets the name of a in the method signature of a. b.
A view to display a list of leads that have been assigned to a user.
Return a queryset for the given class.
Computes the softmax of the eigenvalue of mat. If no target is given the matrix is
Temporarily replace ampersand characters in a string.
Get a colormap from the data. If no name is given the current colormap will be returned
Run a command and return its return code and output.
Change the ls fields in the given table to be integers.
Check if the given lun_id is available on the given host.
Get a list of jobs that match the filter_data. If not_yet_run
Return the value of a config key. If the key is not present in the opts dict
Calculate the checksum of a 16 - bit Fletcher register.
Merge a list of Cnf objects into a single Cnf object.
Export a course to a tar file.
Returns the alpha shard of the word. If the word is shorter than the alpha shard the
Extract want line capabilities from text.
Generate num_ random rows from array. Note that num_ is the number of rows in
Return a copy of x with the identity of x.
Get a list of page IDs for a given site and user.
Get the stack level of the current import.
Delete the specified telemetry alerts from the specified deployment. If no alert_id is specified
Set the dnsmasq facts if they are not already set.
Create a control AMP client for the given test case and reactor.
Returns True if there is a nibabel installed on the system or False if there is no
Get the normals of a portion of an interpolation.
Print a list member that was removed from a list.
Update credit_course_requirements when a course is published.
View a screenshot of a review request.
Format the attachments into a list of dictionaries.
Check if code is a cpaste or not. If should_fail is True the code
Get the context for the current page. If the current page is an instance of Page then
Return True if the given value is considered to be an infinity value.
Return a short version of the current Python interpreter.
Return the index of the first vowel in a string.
Return the input as a theano expression.
Sinesubtraction using the Sine - Leibler algorithm. The Sinesub
Returns a list of people that match the given search query.
Renders an alert button with the given content. If no alert_type is given the default
Checks if the response provides CSP features.
Return a tuple with None as the first argument and None as the second argument.
Add patch info to the source spaces file. This test ensures that the source spaces are in
Returns the flowgram ali exe string.
Returns the hostname of the local machine or None if none is set.
Re - encrypts ciphertext_blob with destination_key_id using source_encryption_
Check if an ORI is valid and raise a runtime error if it is not.
Run a command and return the doc string.
Single - channel network with expanded training data with double - channel convolutions and validation data
Test if a module is a module or a module that is a module that is a module
Get the number of jobs for a given date. If no date is given return all jobs
Collect all local and global bears from a list of sections.
Return the length of the Quopri header in a bytearray.
Return the name of the response cell from the routing path.
Remove users from an ACL group.
Test for the relu of the activations.
Return the traced entry for a given gj and p_i.
Add a global constant to a builder or module.
Evaluate the equation and return the result as a JSON object.
Get the amount of virtual machine memory used by Xen.
Adds an inclusion tag to the context for the given addon. If no tags are provided the
Test for the base of the radian degree.
Get the stream preamble for the given equalizer.
Deletes a key from a snapshot. If the key does not exist it will be created.
Remove tags from a Trail.
Parse a user - supplied rule into a dictionary of command - line arguments.
Entry point for the command line tool. This is the entry point for the command line tool
Get or create a badge based on a template.
Log an attribute of an object. If log is set to True the attribute will be logged
Strips cruft from HTML.
Convert a fixture to a list of table tuples.
Set the current user in the context of the current thread.
Output a formatted string with indentation. If a format is provided it will be used to format
Test that the table is in HTML format.
Return True if the given subreddit is visible.
The main entry point for the WSGI application.
Forgot password action.
Check if a file exists and exit if it doesn t.
Return a string representation of an inv - expiry date. If the date is in the past
Import the pylab module into the user namespace. If import_all is set to True
Return a list of all of the file suffixes that should be included in the generated file.
Try to get a string from the device.
Make a new id based on settings. simple_ids setting. If setting. simple_
Validates a bucket name. Returns True if the bucket name is valid and False otherwise.
Returns a string with HTML markup applied to the given value. If the value is not a
Send a message to the client that a run has changed. This message is sent to the
Detect the lines in a diff string and return a dictionary mapping file paths to a list of
Write a debug message to the dump file.
Get the vendor name from a PCI ID.
Test plot of Montage.
Get the full path to a file in the qutebrowser package.
Shuffles an iterable by randomly seeding it with a random number generator.
Browses the other branch in the dialog. If no branch is selected it will be
Shortens a name to a maximum length. If the name is longer than max_length
Return a generator of n - grams of the Rubik decomposition of n.
Add the given filters to the current cpplint state.
Returns the currently logged in user or None if the user is not logged in.
Test for compiling a Python C package in the site_packages_path environment variable.
Mock os. path. expandvars and os. path. expanduser and os. path.
Stop the running process and return the output as a string. The output is returned as a
executes the evaluator with the arguments of nextevaluator.
Get the access token for the given authorization code.
Manage a list of servers. If no servers are provided all servers will be managed. If
Temporarily change the value of a field in an object.
Default threadable predictors.
Pushes a term onto the callback if it is not longer than num_ characters or if
Toggles the labels of the plot.
Update course updates for a location. If the location does not exist it will be created.
Remove any symbolic links from the given directory. If verbose is set to True it will print
Update dict d with values from other. Raise exception if any key is already in d.
Return a function that can be used as a virtual function. If the module is not installed
Return true if the given hash is used.
Returns the gdal full version of the GDAL library.
Get the synonym of a word from the API.
Waits for an element to be present on the page.
Test that the nearest neighbors object has a wrong number of neighbors.
Return a mock of the OC command. If the command is not in the command list
Attach total points to a queryset.
Return the index of the first occurrence of token in source starting at start. If throw is
Return a list of all the GIDs for a given user.
Check if a token is a valid string.
Dispatch the given function to the appropriate OS function depending on the operating system. If the function
Returns a list of existing DHCP networks.
Get the version of a package from the results string.
Return the value of an option. If the option is not present in the master_opts
Apply a function to each element of an array and return the result as a numpy array.
Apply a function synchronously. If callback is not None the function will be called with the result
Parse a file into a list of Tree objects.
Compares two SCCs. SCCs must have the same number of characters in the
Return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary.
Delete a console.
Get the path to the configuration file for the Paste Deploy.
Return a blockmatrix with the rows and columns cut from the input matrix.
Validator for multiple choices in the option dict.
Temporarily change the current working directory to the given directory.
Distill the naming of a dictionary.
Clean a URL and return it as a string.
Encode a list of strings into a byte stream and return it as a string.
Return a list of references to a remote.
Perform a GET request against the proxy server.
Get the status of the master.
Fixes all HTML files in the container to have the same MIME type as the oeb
Get the module with the given directorypath and filename. If the module does not exist print
Run a p4 command and return its exit code or raise an exception if it fails.
Test for gmail missing sent messages.
Create a load balancer
Returns True if the given URL is from the given spider. If the URL is from a
Unescapes backslashes in a string. If restore_backslashes is set to True
Assert that source_string is equal to target_string and should_skip is True.
Save a password in the keyring.
Get a repository by name and owner.
Return the index of the given degree in the given order.
Get information about a given job id.
Check if the format string is a memoryview format.
Compute the GCdex of a multivariate polynomial using the GCdex algorithm. If u is
Read a cache from a file - like object stream.
Encodes a message into a wire format.
Return the default number of test processes.
Inspect an object and raise an exception if the object is not an object.
Parse an ID from a string. If the string is not a valid ID return None.
Set up the data from the county. txt file and merge it with the county
Submits multiple values to a form with the same name as the first one in the form
Returns a copy of the keyword arguments passed to the function. The keyword arguments are passed to
Assert that src_ip is arping dst_ip in src_namespace.
Return a list of all the nodes on the cloud provider.
Create a new openpyxl. workbook. workbook with optimized_write set to True.
Split text into x and labels and return them as a tuple with the data and labels.
Create a translation project for the given language and project.
Return a list of DNS host names associated with the given network.
Add debug information to the context if debug is enabled and the request is from an internal IP
Show a random object from an album or a list of albums or a list of items
Get a context string from a template string and a line and a number of lines.
Test initdb with no oprojects.
Replay Gain Status.
Solves the radical problem f using the given symbol and solveset_solver.
Create a GnuPG object for the given user and GnuPG home.
Test uninstall entry point for uninstalling a console script.
Get the crafted text from the given text. If homerepository is not specified
Sort the schedules according to the current time. If all_events is True the schedules are
Returns the name of the current function s code. This is the name of the function that
Get an accessible attribute from a dictionary object. If the attribute is not available return None.
Check if a word is a short syllable.
Return a dictionary of values for a given key in a given registry base.
Generate a list of auth response strings from a list of Chall objects.
Return the selection model for the current selection set.
Create a JUnit test failure XML element with the given name and message. If stdout is
Apply an operation to the input text.
Returns a list of formatted error messages from a dictionary of errors. If index is None the
Creates a directory if it doesn t already exist.
Return a list of plugins that can be updated.
Returns a list of dicts with the program data for the given user. If no user is
Convert a v4 integer to a packed byte string.
Return the name of a process.
Acquire a lock on this thread.
Convert an object name to a class name.
Get the OpenStack client for the given version.
Softplus logarithm of the logarithm of the logarithm of the logarithm of the
Mix a song into a song list. If the song is not in the list it will
Check that a webroot path is valid. If it s not raise an error.
Convert a buffer size type to a buffer size.
Check to see if a user is logged in and if so add it to the event queue
Compute the neweywest covariance matrix.
Check if a process with the given pid exists.
Returns True if the current process is the main process.
Returns True if attrname is protected.
Handle the HRM_TRAINING_ONVALIDATION event for the given form.
Returns the perimeter width of the element.
Process an image file and convert it to RGB or JPEG.
Update Google Analytics for a given date. If no date is given the current date is used
Convert a string to a unicode string. If the string is already a string it will be
Publish a liveaction request and return the liveaction and execution.
Apply a service to the sonos device. restore.
Add a media to the media list.
Get the content - type of a message.
Get a list of collection summaries matching a list of collection ids.
Create a new internet gateway.
Get the command name from a state string.
Flush all the customer data without primary key.
Get the path to the ipython package.
Arrange widgets for a given dashboard panel.
Merge the last token back into a single token. If the last token is not a token
Returns the path to the audit log directory for the navigator.
Write the scalerepository output to a file.
Evaluate the GF function f and return the result as a power power of p.
Set the cbreak mode for the given file descriptor.
Register a pythoncom category with the pythoncom. cat. catid_pythoncomserver
p_parameter_list_2 p_parameter_list_3 p_parameter_
Return the descriptive extension of the given gcodetext.
Return the line and offset of the cursor position in the given cell.
Get the load data for a given job id.
End recording the current request and save it to the recorder. If firepython_set_
Create a simplewiki object from the environment variables.
Capitalize a string.
Run the flake command.
Remove the specified packages from the system and return a list of packages that were purged.
Return True if the signature is valid for the POST request.
Get the config directory. If it doesn t exist create it. If it doesn t exist
Compute the Hamming distance between two strings.
Create a URL from a scheme user password path query and mask. If sanitize is set to
Check if the given email address is valid for the given field.
Validate customization_args against ca_specs_to_validate_against.
Get the access key secret access key and token from the metadata service. If the access key
Check that the assert_assert_called_with method is called only once.
A demo function to set the rule format to str_. This is useful when you want
Return the preferred IP address for the given list of IPs or bool_ if none is found
Get the output of a command. If no output is available return None. If no output
Capture stdout and stderr for a given logger. If str_ is set to True it will
Apply pygments to the given value and return the result as a string.
Perform a pip upgrade on the given environment and return a list of packages that were successfully upgraded
Return the number of real roots in a complex number.
Get a list of missing results from a given directory.
Perform a Yadis discovery on the given URI.
Perform a trigonometric interpolation of x and y using a precision of num_.
Convert a Penn - to - WordNet tag to a wordnet tag.
Test printing of bytes in Python 3.
Computes the Rosen derivation function for a given input.
Render a template with context and return a response with a user profile if there is one.
Compile the given node into a string.
Get the title of the media player. The title is the title of the media player.
Convert an Excel file to a database.
Group a list of version strings into a list of lists of lists.
Spawn a function and return the result of the function. If the function is not a
Convert a CFSet object to a python set object.
Returns a dictionary with the current user and permissions for the current user and delete messages.
Get the key_func. If none is provided the default_key_func is returned
Add a security group to an instance.
Unlocalizes the given value. This is useful when you want to use a text field
Get a list of all bootstrap modules.
Return a list of suggestions on the given agent.
Return a resource file for the given package and type. If the file does not exist it
Return True if text is a valid string.
Install a VCS from a given manifest_in and versionfile_source.
Return the location of the given offset in the given pymodule.
Toggles the query string in the request. GET dictionary. If multi is set to
Get all groups for all containers in the inventory.
Test cache config enable private browsing.
Delete an SSH key from the system.
Convert a string to a S3 compatible string.
Listen for ping events from the connection_proxy.
Create a capture object from a string or number.
Convert a byte string to an integer in big endian.
Reset the list of error suppression warnings to None. This is useful for testing and testing
Load a wx. Bitmap from a file in the rcparams directory. If the file does
Fit an OSS model and test the number of onesidedselections in the model.
A simple test to test completion of a string. This test will be run on the completion
Return a list of dictionaries representing the articles for the given language.
The main entry point for this program. This is the main entry point for the program.
Returns True if the function accepts the given kwarg False otherwise.
Return the default python shell to use for the given pub_jid and python_shell.
Generate a model from the given root_class and all of its sub - classes.
Create a new instance of the class with the given name and module and filter.
Validate a course_id to ensure it exists in the course store.
test_locale_html returns a mock object with the locale set to the current language and
Reload a module from the current working directory.
Test the zeroing of the cosmology.
Post a vim message to the console.
Return the tr0 vector of the given normal vector.
Generate n random floats from a file. If the file does not exist it will be created
Return the default mappings for a given list of machines.
Parse a range header value and return a tuple of the first and last ranges as integers.
Generate a tarball of the source file.
Check if a service is enabled. If the service is not enabled a message will be returned
Get a new skirt repository.
Set the priority of a queue item.
Store the results_dir in a tar. gz file in the package_dirpath.
Decode a UTF - 7 encoded string into a UTF - 8 encoded string.
Initialize the test database. If force is set to true the test database will be teardowned
Create a DocumentListACLEntry object from an XML string.
Returns the server id for the given identity. If identity is not found None is returned.
Apply a context policy to all files in the system. If the policy does not exist it
Get the default context for the view.
Test for fixes in 2. 0. 0.
Test that the date labels are valid.
Returns a list of messages for the logged in user. This is a list of messages for
Set an offset from begin to end by multiplier. The multiplier must be a power of 2
Get the label of a sentiment.
Create a WSGI server with the given parameters. If threaded is True the server will
Return a title from a list of columns.
Decorate a function with a dummy function.
Return a dictionary with the output of the config command. If the output does not match the
Return a list of all the keys in the system.
List all the topics for the current user.
Clean up a URL by replacing all non - alphanumeric characters with a single - character character.
Decode the received bitvec and return a tuple with the number of errors and the number of
Import a book from a JSON stream.
Create okassembly objects for the given number of numbers.
Get the horizontally bounded path from a list of points. The horizontalbegin and horizontal
Create a new task_info object and store it in the global data dictionary.
test json_view_error raises an exception if the response is not a bad request.
Return a list of email addresses for the given group.
Set the repliers that will be called when the execute method is called. The repliers
MungeMungeMungeMungeMungeMunge
Create a rectangle of size width x height with the given dtype.
Get the default verify paths for SSL connections.
Return the long description of the package.
Return the request URI from the given environment.
Sort a string and return it as a string. If s is a string it will be
Get a list of files from the fileorgcodedirectory. If the filename is a directory
Return a path_graph of the degree of the given degree sequence.
Get a secret from the secret manager and print it to the console.
Initialize a new graph module with the given state. The module will be created and returned.
Update a block in the test modestore.
Get the id or key from a list_item. If the list_item is a
Initialize peyegaze and return peyegaze control structure.
Create a formset for a model.
Test the width ratios of a gridspec.
Return a pseudo - breadcrumbs string for the given key.
Get a list of all files in a bucket.
Get a single item from a list. If the list is not a list return default.
Save the current figure to a file with the given format.
Find a command in the path. If the command is not found it will try to find
Check if a directory is a packaged file.
Return a list of all the modules in the system.
Decorator to chain a list of transport objects into a single transport.
Mock inline CSS with auto - use = bool_ instead of bool_.
Interprets the given string as minutes in the given mdict.
Get the summary of a commit.
Ensure that the current thread is the QGUI thread. If headless is set to
Get a handle for the given expression in the context of the given runtimeelement. This function
Return a list of all the new modules in pre_mods and post_mods.
Get the model matrix of the GL modelview.
Unpack a ZIP file into the given directory.
Get the encryption headers for the given key. If source is set to True the encryption headers
Returns a list of files that match the specified read_indicator and barcode_indicator.
Get a model by its identifier. If the model cannot be found an exception is raised.
Get a sparse adjacency matrix of redirects and page links from a BZIP file.
Given a sequence of quaternions return the translation and rotation of the first quaternation
Draw a bounding box to a renderer.
Create a fake payment record in the database with the given parameters.
Return the end of an event.
Check if the given username and password are valid for the given token in the GitHub API.
Add the default variables and functions to the variables and functions dictionary.
Test is_repo_url_for_remote_urls.
Setup the arestswitch platform with the given configuration.
Test if the config does not exist.
Validates that the resource_type attribute is not too long. If the length of the value
Computes the Fflayer of the state of state_below in tparams using the activ
Remove a database from the Postgres server.
Returns the factorization of the n - th element of the factorization of the n -
Get the last modification time of a file.
Get the window size of a given section.
Check if a file is in the cleanup list. If so return True. Otherwise return False
Called when the plugin is about to be shutdown. This function is called when the plugin is
Print a warning and exit the program with the given number of arguments.
Check if a string is a modular number.
Return the width and height of each pixel in a screen.
Parse a REPL_HEX_ESCAPE from the given source and return the number of digits
Apply a function to each item in an index and return a new index.
Performs an atomic benchmark of the given estimator on the given data. Returns the number of times
A view that renders a CSRF token in the form of a CSRF token_template.
Given a Bezier object and a closed path return the left and right coordinates of the intersection
Remove all quotes from the beginning and end of a word.
Connect a function to the boolean event triggered by the given action. The function will be called
Validate that the value is a valid domain name. If the value is not a valid domain
Returns the next multiple of n in the range [ 0 n ) where k < = n
Get the username and id from the hist API.
Report the current state of the cache tracker.
computes the derivative of an observation given a word and a list of word counts and a
Connect to a CloudSearch layer2 service.
Get the a - > b - > a - > b - > a - > b
Return a pre - escaped version of the given text.
Signs a certificate using the default CA and returns the signed certificate.
Return a list of public names from a list of lists.
Replace all non - alphanumeric characters in x with a single Unicode character and return x.
Normalizes a list of host strings into a list of dicts.
Create a new category for the addon webapp and save it to the database.
Build the list of arguments to pass to the install command.
Replace all occurrences of search_match in value with the format of the search_match.
Create a network attach config spec from the given vif_info and index.
This is a hack to make sure that the path is in the same directory as the file
Generate a list of library options for the given library_dirs runtime_library_dirs and
Get the cache object. This is the object that will be used to cache the results.
Convert a list of modifiers to a dictionary of boolean values.
Download a remote file or directory to a local file.
Return the current virtual memory usage in percents.
Return a generator that yields items from a selector that are not present in the cache.
Suspend a virtual machine
Validate a user s password against a given salt and expected hash.
Returns true if there is a wildcard overlap between name1 and name2.
Generate a random UUID.
Convert a range string to a set of integers.
Ensure that a usage plan is absent.
Create the output directory if it doesn t exist.
Check if we have a pyrex implementation.
Return the current selection of the selection model.
Signs in the user with the given OpenID response. If the user is already logged in
Read a file and return it as a string. If the file cannot be read fallback is
Return the default entry point for this package.
Return a list of all the services in the system.
Go to a URL and return the URL.
Print a string in the form of a 3 - letter hex code. This is useful for
Check if a user exists in the TSQL database.
This is a configurable filter that can be used to run HTML tidy on a mini
Convert an iterable to UTF - 8 if it s a string or a list of strings.
Compile a template string into a Python object.
Test that the mne_locs file has the same contents as the installed MNE locations
Get the path to the preference file.
A web endpoint that returns a gzip encoded version of the content of the given string.
Gather the pillar data from the master and return it. If the pillar_override is a
Read a file and return it as a string. If write_back_sanitized
Generate a zerofree random string of length l.
Read count bits from a file - like object and return as a boolean.
Change the state of the port ctrl register.
Return the event exchange object for the given connection. If the connection s driver type is str
Clear the compat version cache on delete of an addon extension. If the addon does not exist
Call this function to set the target of the service. This is called when the service is
Switch to the v5 version of the app.
Assert that the actual quantity is all close to the desired quantity.
Parse a multipath rule into a dictionary of command - line arguments. The rule can be
Plot a grid of images with a single colorbar.
Send a variable to a destination and wait for it to finish before returning.
Include the S3 debug JS file in the S3 scripts folder.
Return sys. filesystemencoding or sys. defaultencoding if sys. getfilesystemencoding returns str
Update the course structure when a course is published.
Register a namespace alias.
Get a new repository from the current working directory. If the current working directory does not exist
Run a split command on a file using the baby_split_flac_path
Convert a JSON encoded string to a list of strings.
Return a dictionary with all the values in the given key as keys and values as values.
Generate the RST file for the example.
Returns an absolute URL for the given viewname with the given arguments. If request is provided
Return the floor of the given number of seconds since the epoch.
Test that frame attributes transform_to and transform_to inherit from frame attributes.
Reset the alfred screen to its initial state and delete the old one from the cache
Check if the given host is full.
Move a file or directory to the trash folder.
Return a copy of the input dictionary f where the keys are the values of the input dictionary
Split a string into a list of strings with the given number of characters per string.
Generate a list of shells and commands to be executed in a single shell.
Remove all environment variables from the database. This is a no - op if the database is
Check if the request is an embed request. If so set c. allow_fram
Convert a scalar value to a FITS format.
Redirect the user to the hardlink page.
Colorize an image.
Return a list of all the SQL tables for the given style and connection.
Send an e - mail to the given email address.
Convert an ISO - 8601 timestamp to a JavaScript timestamp.
Given a list of addon_configs collect all the JS files that should be included in the
Set the list of functions that are available in the sqlmap_waf_path.
Test the administration of a module. If the module is a string it will be joined
Return a dictionary of limits for throttlelayout.
Copy fields from source struct to destination struct and replace with values from replacement struct.
Parse a server string into an address and port tuple. If the string is not a valid
Generate a random password and a hashed password.
Ground to the nth node in a list of ground states.
Decompose a function f from the right to the left. The function f is assumed to
Set the opacity of an image.
Return the number of characters after the last character in a string.
Queues the osf4m welcome email for the given conference.
Return the recurrence term of a recurrence function.
Shift the given time by the given number of seconds.
Create a port group in a vswitch.
Split a path into a zip archive and a path to the zip file.
Run all of the exit functions in the _exithandlers queue.
Download and update the pdf. js file with the latest version. If no version is provided
Test that there is no data in str_. This is useful when you want to test
Return a list of the default payment providers.
Return the virtual name of the minion.
Sets the value of a configuration key. If no value is given the default value will be
Calculate the score from a local directory.
Get a trianglemesh object from a text file.
Get a fixed IP by its address in a human - readable format.
Returns the current time in ISO 8601 format.
Returns a color string if no colors are enabled otherwise it returns the string as is.
Check that a slug is valid. If it s not raise an error.
Associates a fixed IP address with an instance.
Returns True if the file should be skipped.
Sends an e - mail to the admins of the server. If no admins are configured no
test_z is a test function to test if a function is called on a Z object
Change the value of an enum column in a table. If the column does not exist it
Return the protocol types and speed for a given proxy.
Remove the last XML tag in a file. If no tag is given the last tag is
Get a 3 - D vector path from a complex path.
Set the configurator to be the same as the given one.
Register all treebuilders from the given module.
Decodes a UU encoded string. Returns the decoded string and the number of bytes read.
Return True if the given text is contained in the file at the given path.
Connect to a boto cognitoidentity connection using the cognitoidentity library
Return the number of ports in the status register that are in the in - busy state.
Returns True if s is a valid identifier False otherwise.
Encode data into a base64 - encoded string using the given key and return it as a
Sends an e - mail to a list of recipients. If a html_message is provided
Returns True if the word is a quoted string. If the word is empty returns False.
Sanitize a filename to make sure it is a string and strips leading and trailing whitespace
Create a backup of the current database.
List tables in a dataset.
Convert xfsdump output into a dictionary.
Concatenate a list of operators into a new array of size size.
Returns a list of filepaths in the specified directory. If fileindirectory is not specified
Create an entoken from a text stream.
Override bytes from Content - Type header in listing_dict by converting it to an integer.
Return a list of keys for a given user. If no user is given all keys are
Fix line endings in the given string.
A basic test to plot a string with a legend on the left and right axis of the
Create a legendre sequence of length n with the given legendre function k.
A list option is a list of strings or a list of strings. If the value is
Validate the background color of a color string. If the string is not a valid RGB color
Create a database table for the item and assessmentitem.
Convert a FilerFile object to a JSON dict.
Add a submenu to the menu for the specified crafttype plugin filename and pluginpath.
Return the dot product of two complex numbers.
Return a list of available sizes for the salt - cloud provider.
Remove an empty line from a string.
Pops a connection off the connection stack and returns it.
Generate a list of YAML handlers for the given web. xml and static files.
Check if a change is a valid filepath. If so return it. Otherwise raise an error
Retry a function if the process exits with a non - EINTR signal.
Helper function to call a weakref method on an object.
Return a tuple of unique items from a sequence that are not in a given reference.
Profile the gradient of a function.
Test DBAPI raw mode with wpool mode.
Collect a static file from the appbuilder static folder to the application s static folder.
Returns True if the environment is created False otherwise.
Returns True if the patch module was executed in the database. Otherwise returns False.
Return the name of this module. If there is an error logging it and return False.
Setup the platform with the given configuration. If a value template is specified it will be added
Compute the outer product of x and y.
Return a string with spaces removed. If keep_spaces is set to True the text will
Temporarily patch os. environ with the given values.
Callback function to be called when a message is received from the server. The callback is called
Count the number of righthand zero bits.
Soft - sign the input tensor.
Get the fingerprint of an SSH key.
Test read curvature and surface.
Add stats from source to target and return a tuple of the summed stats from source to
Boot an image and run a function on it. If runfunction is provided it will be
Return a replacement for the dst link in the links dict.
Calculate the humanduration from nanoseconds.
Sync the database with the current version. If no version is given the current version is used
Cleans up the cache by removing all instances from the cache that are no longer needed.
Get the total size of all backup files for a given service.
Validates the given path against the given element validator. Returns True if the path is valid.
Get the mac address of the lanscan node. Returns None if no node is found
Find all top - level loops in a CFG.
Return a list of all events in the cluster.
Deserializes a key value. If secret is set to True the key value will be decrypted
Return the search form for the given request.
Return True if module_name is a submodule of package. If module_name is a
Get the result for a given suite_tag and uuid_tag.
Edit an existing opportunity.
Get a foreign key from a parent model and a foreign key name. If no name is
Normalize a path to be compatible with S3A.
View the config changes for a given config object.
Convert a dictionary of values to a numpy array of the same length as the input dictionary.
Remove a port forwarding from the specified zone to the specified destination.
Build a simple borderswipingnetwork.
Returns a list of all the parameters of the given object. If fields is not specified the
Get the crafted text from a gcodetext string. If the text is empty
Return True if filename ends with a nottornzb file.
Return the expression object for the given name or raise an error if it cannot be found.
This is the main entry point for the WSGI application. This is the entry point for
Print a list of strings to a file.
Check to see if a launch configuration exists.
Return a slugified version of a string.
Get the dummy effects from the exog and the model and the params.
Convert a value to a boolean. If the value is a string it will be converted to
Return a list of all the roots of all environments in the current environment.
Adds the beginning of a loop to the distance feedrate. The loop begins at z.
extend mode to code if mode == str_ raise runtime error if mode == str_ raise
Get the user s email.
Convert an IPv6 address to an IPv4 or IPv6 address.
Check if a tab is in the leading part of a string.
This function is called when the module is initialized. This function is called when the module is
Calculate the correlation between two data sets using the talib. correl method.
Render a HJSON file into a Python dictionary.
Return the name of the foreign key constraint for the given table and columns.
Restore a file from a postgres database to a local file.
Return a tuple of the index of the first non - whitespace character in the logical_line
Get the report credits for a given sub - project.
Return True if a file descriptor has been started or False if it has not been started.
Parse a query string and return a Query object.
Get a table from the request. If the request is a dynamic table return the dynamic table
Escape a markdown section in a text string.
Check if the result is a pointer to a pointer or not. Raise a geosex
Parse an HTTP date string into a datetime. datetime object.
Format a URL to be used in a request. If use_ssl is True it will
Render the Peartocdf of a range of numbers between xmin and low and high.
Get the new command for the given command.
Test the North Sky Estimator for the edited nearest neighbouring neighbours.
Create a new zone from a template.
Grant a role to a group.
Dump a list of documents to a string.
Convert a number to an integer and check if it is within the range of num_.
Notify all validators that a password has been changed. If no validators are provided all validators will
Extract read - to - sample mapping from a list of labels.
Refreshes the info cache for the given instance.
Returns True if attrname is a private attribute.
Run JSHint in the same folder as the root of the project.
Copy a folder from source to destination. If the destination already exists it will be removed.
Resize an image to maxwidth.
Create a proxy for the given token using the given serializer. If the token is exposed the
Creates a thread that runs f in a background thread. The thread is started in a new
Calculate the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval.
Compute the hyperbolic tangent of x in the ring p.
Return a list of all available driver names.
Get the pickleable type of the class. If the class is not pickleable return the
Return a list of n - th zeros in the range [ 0 n ) where n is
Skewness of a time series.
Create a consumer for the given request.
Parse the privs string and return a dictionary of privilege type and privilege set.
Check if a repository is blacklisted.
Get the location of the S3 bucket.
Import a class from a dotted path.
Emits a problem - submitted event.
Generate a MGF1 hash from a MGF seed and a mask length.
Format a date as a natural time.
Check if result is zero. If it is raise a geosexception. Otherwise return
Release a port for a given host. This is called when a port is no longer available
Swap the i - th Monomonomonomonom to the i - th Ngens
Update the sitemonitor XML element with the data from the server.
Update a list with the given name mode and description.
Convert a corpus to a VW string.
Create the index on the database.
Convert a string to a regular expression.
Assert that logical_line is of the same type as the ASSE_EQUAL_TYPE
Setup the litejet platform.
Set up the join cache for the model.
Attach total points to a queryset.
Add all vertexes from a geometryoutput object to a list of vertexes.
Get the user s online data.
Get a file object from the private storage. If the file is a file object it will
Derive a sequence of intervals from the given graph.
Get a torrent from the lixian server. This command is used to get a torrent
Create a Wsgi resource with the given options.
Process a message notification from the messages_path. If the messages_path does not exist
Check the citations in the tool_xml against the number of citations in num_
Return html with absolute urls.
Return a string with null characters replaced by the escape sequence. If the escape sequence is not
Activate a package.
Return True if the element at toppath has been imported and False if it is not.
Remove a role from the database.
Check if path is a directory.
Use an existing redis connection. If no redis is given a new one will be created.
Test consistency of random streams.
This is the home route for the password reset page. It is used to redirect to the
Convert a frequency string to a period number.
Get a spinner for the given message. The spinner is started when the message is printed.
Return True if LDAP group members are disabled.
Split a tag into a namespace and a tag. If the tag does not have a namespace
Retain the horizontal pacing of all tokens in the given UWLine.
Test if a string is a valid RGB color.
Execute a command in a MySQL database.
Get the path to the CA certificate file.
Extract nested cases from a case node.
Format an exception and return a list of lines that can be printed to the user.
Return a dictionary of callable members from a given module.
Return a list of files in a specific environment
This function is used to generate dummy model parameters from a perm dictionary. It is used to
Return a list of all subclasses of the given class.
Test the output formats of the FITS file.
Return a human - readable representation of a contact given its id.
Return the full module name for a given path. If the path is in sys. path
Parse a string into a Python object and return a tuple of the object and the method name
Re - validate a certificate for a given course key.
Convert a list of names to a DNS representation.
Show information about a network.
Returns an empty float.
Computes the l2 projection of a basis set f to a basis set lim.
Get the plugin to use for the tagnameselect plugin.
Returns the column of the first occurrence of strg in loc. If loc is after the
Get the server certificate from the given address.
Return the product of iter_a and iter_b.
Log a raw IRC command to the IRC server.
Parse a date string or datetime object into a datetime. date object.
Try to infer the value of the given node and return it. If the value cannot be
Setup the platform with the given configuration.
Unescapes all special characters in a string.
Create a list of n_colors RGB colors from the HSV colors and the RGB colors
Discards the current line in the clipboard. This is used to discard the current line.
Sort a list of dicts by their sigsort value.
Destroy all indexes for all models in the app. Returns a list of SQL statements to destroy
Get the description of a video chapter.
Returns the full path to a program in the current working directory or None if not found.
Update the git repository with the latest information from the remote repository. This function is called from
Register a new user in the session. If the user is not a vouched user
Schedule a job for a given number of hours and minutes. If the job is already scheduled
Unlocks an entity. If no entity_id is specified the entity will be unlocked.
Set the class attribute of the options dictionary.
Return a list of subreddit objects for each of the given subreddit names.
Check if XBPS is installed.
Return the key for the given entry. If the entry is a tuple of paths and stages
Parse a comment from the source and return it as a unicode object.
Test that there is an error on directory to filelink in the current working directory.
Test that all built - in modules have an exception that starts with str_.
Test protocol 0 regression.
Convert an object to a dictionary of serializables that can be serialized.
Parse an ARXIV URL into a tuple of the ARX ID and the version number
Start an S3 application on the given port.
Parse the command - line arguments and return them as a list of argparse. Namespace objects.
Format a traceback as a list of strings. If limit is not None then only the first
Check if the request is a valid reCAPTCHA response. If the reCAPTCH
Add a constructor for a given tag.
Read the cache index from the file - like object f.
Remove all keys that are not in metafile_std_keys. If including_info
Plot the posterior predictive of a given trace.
Use pypiversionclient. get_version to test if there is an error getting the
Format a size into a human - readable string.
Get the affinity information for a given task in a given vcpu.
Run the command coverage report in HTML format. This is the main entry point for the coverage
Get the geometry output of an element given a list of arguments.
Format an issue into a dictionary of the form str_ assignee label_names and milestone
Authenticates the user with the spacewalk server and returns True if the user is authenticated
Test if opendocx is an lxml. etree. _element.
Wrap the given text with textwrapper and return the result as a list of lines.
Return a REST interface to the site_location endpoint.
Return True if the given procedure is a proceduredone in the given Gcodetext
Given a mime type and a list of parsed media ranges return the best fitness and quality.
Check if a unit is available.
Check if a release is in an episode.
Download an object from S3 to a local file on S3.
Return the loved karma query. If no query is found return str_.
Copy a file from source to a temporary file and return the path to the temporary file.
Returns a list of period names for the given locale. Defaults to lc_time.
Disables insecure serialization for all decoders. If allowed is None all decoders
Test the attributes of a mixin column.
Generate n_samples samples and n_features blobs from n_samples and n_features
Instruments the rendering of the template. This method is called when the template is rendered.
Get a dictionary of profile image names for a given user.
Run the distrib_desc command in the current directory. If the file does not exist
Return a list of all the haproxy servers in the given backend.
Convert a row from JSON to a tuple of data.
Get the first word of the splitline. If the splitline is longer than num_
Check to see if a domain exists in ElasticSearch.
Test for cropping and appending to the end of a BTI file.
Test the number of reads in the file.
Evaluate an expression and return the result as a Python object.
Return the derivative of the polynomial f from the polynomial u to the polynomial k.
Test whether a prompt should be called with process. json as the value of process. json
Get the headerguardcppvariable from a file name.
Checks that the argument is a valid type and raises a typeerror if it is not.
Return the WML document for the given docx or the default docx if none is
Convert a cpickle string into a Python object.
Return a URL that matches the given request. If the request is a route it will be
Set whether or not the user is in interactive mode. This is useful when you want to
Process an element node.
Get a traceback for a given thread id.
Requires a file from a URL and checks that it is a file on the local filesystem.
Convert a list of recipients to a list of email addresses.
Quote a string for use in a URL with a + sign. If the string is already
Set the GID of the current process if it is different from the current GID.
Register a list of classfactories for a given set of classids.
Ensure that an alias is absent. If the alias does not exist it will be created.
Create a port group in a vswitch.
Process a single XML element.
Show a datagrid of all review requests for a given user in a given site.
List all repos in the given basedir.
Return an iterator over the siblings of left that are indirectly adjacent to right.
Write a plist file to a resource.
Gathers the bootstrap script from the cloud and returns it. If the bootstrap script is not
Return the division of x and y. x and y must be of the same type.
Test plot_epochs_image function for plotting the epochs in an image. This function is
Install the coverage prerequisites for pip.
Create an exception from a streamerror element.
Assert that logical_line is a true instance of True.
Test the height ratios of a gridspec.
Register all image and imageproperty models with the given engine.
Splits a command line into a list of strings.
Return the number of intra community edges in a partition.
Compute the kruskal probability of the output.
Returns the name of the comment app. Defaults to the default_comments_app setting.
Create a new figure manager and return it.
Repeat the elements of an array along a given axis.
Get an e - mail address from the user.
Configure the settings object. This method is called when the module is loaded from a file.
Checks to see if the given language code is available in the current locale. If it is
Test for the galactic three components of a set of three quantities in a set of
Alter a tablespace. If the tablespace does not exist it will create it.
Display the uptime of a hypervisor.
Test for derived columns from lists of lists.
Return True if docstrings are disabled.
Run a command in a shell.
Copy modified jars from appscale_home to web_inf_dir.
Suspends a VM. Returns True if the VM is paused False otherwise.
Configure the database with the given options. If the database does not already exist it will be
Return a REST interface to the case status of the S3 server.
Scan for the default SR and return the reference to it. If there is no default SR
Get a single release by its id.
Open a text file and return it as a TextIowrapper.
Returns a list of pids that are in the processtree of the given process.
Calculate a unique filename for a photo.
Get the HTML string from a lxml. html. html. html. html_tree
Replace all the text nodes in the table with their original text.
Check if the user is in the pyenv. If not add it to the ret dict
Return true if any of the given values is a host_from_gpu object.
Returns True if all ancestors of the given page are published False otherwise.
Create a button to create a new object on a client.
Generate an event ID from an event name and a list of encode types.
Parse a line of text into a pkginfo object. Returns none if the line is invalid
Run le_auto in venv_dir with the given base_url and kwargs.
Raise an error if the given value is not a boolean.
Update the blade config with the given arguments.
Generate a template from the given node.
Convert a module object to a dictionary.
Write a value to a JSON file at a given path. If the file already exists it
Unbox an index for an object.
Test creation of filelinks.
test smote_sample_wt_fit with random_state = rnd_seed
Merge request and session settings into a new setting.
Get the rank of a singular value from a singular value vector and a t - value.
Return the context as a string. If the context is a string it will be joined with
Returns an interval representing the cosine of the haversine of an interval.
Set the SNMP community.
Make a mapping from caseid to the index of each entry in the data frame.
Get a single tenant by name or tenant_id. If no name is given return all
Check if the given descriptor is mobile available.
Main entry point for the command - line tool.
Wrapper for s3request. If an error occurs it will redirect to the error page.
Return a list of options for the given select_browser_query.
Get information about an entry in a group.
Get the description carve from the settings file.
Query for activities about a given user.
Index a list of ids in chunks.
Get a new repository from skeinforge_analyze. Analyzerepository.
Get the value of a setting from a WMI class.
Sample the nearest neighbour of the nearest neighbour to the nearest neighbour of the nearest neighbour of the
Assert that two dictionaries are equal ignoring the ordering of the dictionaries.
Check if config is a dictionary and if not return a tuple of bool and str.
Download a file from a remote host.
Return a dictionary of virtual packages and their provides.
Send all the months of the report to Frappe.
Convert a MNC to a Cumulative MNC.
Fanout a message to the given topic using the given context. The message will be
Synchronize the local database with the remote server.
Remove the queue logging handler from the root logger.
Quote a string for use in a URL.
Get the power of the iPOWER of the system.
Computes the logistic log of the gradient of the partial logistic distribution at the given indices
Get the blobinfo for a given blob key or None if it doesn t exist.
Get a group type by its name.
Match a hostname against a certificate. If the hostname is not found an error is raised.
Convert a DBus exception to a reason string.
Create a new fast link program builder.
Returns True if the given headers contains a websocket header. If the header does not contain a
Lookup all records with the given name. If no records are found timeout is used.
Check that the geoserver is up.
Convert a key text to a KeyInfo object.
Update a fixed IP address with a list of values.
Return the fully - qualified name of an object.
Get the install function for the given platform.
Remove the task app from the project directory.
bdist_wininst_simple task.
Build a property spec from a client factory and a list of properties to collect.
Test only if needed does not upgrade dependencies when no longer satisfied.
Check if the static_url starts with the crossorigin option. If it does return the
Check the status of a redis server.
Remove a network from the cluster.
Get the imagemember for the given memb_id.
Check that no DNN algo bwd is used.
Skip if the message is in a pypy environment.
Refresh the grains from the server.
Round a number to a certain precision.
Uname the current process.
Return the virtual name of the system.
Set the restart mode in the given restart file.
Sample from ground_truth_x and generated_x in batches of num_ground
Escape special characters in a string. If escape_all is True escape all special characters.
Serialize an exception into a JSON string.
Get the list of themes that should be checked out for a given reviewer.
makeargb wrapper for makeargb with bool_ as keyword argument.
Return a string from the user. Raise keyboardinterrupt if the user presses an interrupt.
Update an instance with the given values. If update_cells is set to True the instance
Convert an integer to a CPP integer.
Connect to a specific region.
Return True if there are any external plugins installed on the system.
Find the k most similar movies in ureviews for a given movie.
Return the freemem of the current node.
Check the usage of the given module. If the module is not available it will be run
Apply pivoting to a tableau.
Process an element node by derivation.
Translate xcbq. modmasks to xcbq. modmasks.
Test for bad masked sizes.
Process the traffic log for a single hour in the raw_log_dir.
Sets the copyright and credits for the current Python interpreter.
Browse the current branch.
Get the value of a placeholder from the CMS settings.
Choose the mailing lists that the user has to be subscribed to.
Computes the principal projection of the given data.
The main entry point for ansible - annotation. This is the entry point for the annotation
Read actions from the input stream and return them as a generator. The input stream will be
Get the deprecation docstring for a given version and optional replacement. If no replacement is provided the
Get the theme data for the Gis layer.
Split an entry into two parts. The first part is the type of the entry the second
Save a load for a given jid.
Celery settings view.
A book endpoint. This endpoint returns a list of books for the given book_id
Convert a string to an integer or float. If the string is not a number return the
Example of how to transfer data from one bucket to another.
Monitor the disk usage of each mount and return a list of dictionaries with the current usage and
Find the degree of a function in a matrix.
Returns True if the hg program is installed. Otherwise returns False.
Convert a value to a JSON string and replace str_ with str_.
Format a list of tuples into a list of strings.
Clean up a process and all its children.
Get the output of a geometry transformation.
Initialize the OVSDB handler. This function is called when the OVSDB handler is
Checks to see if a user exists in the htpasswd file. If the user does not
Set the current time of the device.
Convert a string into a slugified version of it. If the string is unicode it will
Reset all shortcuts to their default values.
Returns True if the current thread has an app context.
Return a tuple of the host and port of the given node.
Run a list of commands in a shell and return a subprocess. Popen object.
Creates a new branch with the given name.
Expands a path to a string. If the path is a Windows path it will be
Uncaches the zip directory cache for the given path. This should be called when the
Modifies the low dictionary to include all the packages that need to be aggregated. This is
Convert a Wotan tag to a Penntreebank.
Normalize a batch in training.
Return a label for a given field. If the field is not a GFK or a
Add a new document to a folder or create a new one if it doesn t already exist
Return a list of sys. argv and sys. version_info. If str_ is
Equate polar and cylindrical azimuthal coordinates.
Test conversion of str type to str type.
Given a list of urlpatterns return a list of tuples containing the callback and the url pattern
Return a REST interface to the s3_rest_controller API endpoint.
Return a list of resources sorted by the given attributes.
Returns a JSON representation of the GA push attribute. If the request is an authenticated user
Return True if the string f is a literal float.
Generate a random string of length l.
Convert a dictionary of unicode strings to Python objects.
P - statements.
Delete an account. If the user has the permission delete it. If the user has the
Setup the russound platform with the given configuration.
Returns True if string_ip is an IPv6 address False otherwise.
Decorate a function with a copy of the clip and return a copy of the new clip
Return a string representation of expr. If expr is an instance of date or datetime return it
Test role serialization.
Make the given datetime naive according to the given timezone. If the given datetime is already naive
Returns the request URI from the given environ dictionary.
Calculate the entropy of the given inputs by the given attribute.
Compute the minimum distance of a node to a given node in a directed graph.
Remove all zeros in x that are larger than num_ and return the result as a new
Apply a palette to an image.
Attempt to set the effective UID for the given username.
Return a list of strings describing the virtual machine s status.
Migrates the data directories to the remote data directory if they are not already there.
Load a dataset from a YAML file. If use_test_set is set to True
Parse an XML file and call the handler with the result.
Decode a string into a tuple of strings.
Send a remote request to the remote server.
Return the path to the APC access file.
Calculate the hash of a torrent link.
Remove a file or directory from the filesystem if it is a file or link.
Return the strokeradius of an XML element.
Return a triangle representing the SAS of two points l1 l2 and d.
Get the account information from the given env.
Serialize a controlamp object into a string that can be stored in a JSON file.
Print a message to stderr and exit with a given exit code. If die is an integer
Get the geometry output for the given element and derivation. If no derivation is given
Returns the fraction and the fraction of the expression. If the expression is not a fraction or
Get the makeopts from the environment or None if it is not set.
Copy a directory and all its contents into a new directory.
Get all the reservations for a list of resources.
Return the virtual name of this module.
Convert an image object to a numpy array.
Return a list of indices of the given shape.
Returns True if the given text is a plural form.
Return the state name from a state name.
Configure the inline support for the given backend.
Add a string metadata element to the XML document.
Set up logging for a given product name.
Test subpixel gaussian 1d.
Open a file - like object or file - like object. If the file - like object
Return True if object is a class.
This handler is called when a backup is complete. It is called when a job is completed
Returns a range property for the b attribute.
Test for CGI pdfs.
Register a new notification type with the Growl Notifier.
This function is called at the end of the metric cleanup process. It is called at the
Check if a file or directory exists in a package.
Copy all attributes from old_node to new_node and return new_node.
Update the evoked parameters and plot the evoked parameters.
Convert hash data to python types.
Compute the campos values for the zeros of a given number of campos.
Convert a string to an integer or raise an error if the string is not a valid integer
Initialize the configuration file and parse the configuration file. This function must be called before any other
Toggles the options of the plot.
Get the memory usage of the process.
Return an iterator that iterates over all of the values in the input iterators. If no values
Return a list of manipulated paths for a loop.
Unescapes HTML entities in the given value.
Zero mutable fields in a packet. If sending is set to True the fields will be sent
Add a new S3 user account to the current user s account list.
Detect changes that need to be shipped.
Return a list of all mailcap files in the user s home directory.
Generate a sequence of coordinates from the given UL LR zooms and padding.
Execute a service s converge plan with a timeout of num_ seconds.
Update the job_log_logger element of the xml_parent element with the value of
Check the given estimator against all of the possible checks in the order they were added to the
Redirect to the login page if SSL is enabled. If SSL is disabled redirect to the student
Returns the argument unchanged. If the argument is None it returns the string_ otherwise it returns
Returns a dictionary of users with their username as the key and the user object as the value
Get the version number from the given file. If the file does not contain a version number
Check that there are enough semaphores in sysconf.
Run the texttestrunner with the given verbosity.
Create a response object from a generator.
Specifier qualifier list.
Map a volume to a single host.
Decode a string into a unicode object. If value is a string it will be converted to
Traverses the tree using the generic get_parents and get_children functions.
Writes a GIF file to a file - like object. Returns the number of frames written
Return the numeric part of a string.
Get a property from an object. If the object has a property with the old_name
Add a closed XML tag to the output stream.
Return a dict of the ARP of the given string. If the given string is not
Encode a header with the given key and pdict. If pdict is None return the
Optimize the step in the pipeline. If the pipeline is empty set it to none.
Test for multipliers dividing by 6 and dividing by 6.
Return a date range from start to end. If start is a datetime object it will be
Returns a list of tuples with the number of sequences in the input FASTA file sorted by
Encode a X509Name object into a X509Subject object.
Forces a service to be down or down based on the command - line arguments.
Return the value of the named option in the given namespace or the default value if none is
Get a list of partitions for a given disk.
Returns the value of the category with the given label.
Returns the toroman numeral of n.
makedispatchlistintoyaml takes a list of dispatch objects and turns them into a
Bernoulli samples.
Set up a new client for the given HASS instance and configuration. Returns True if successful
Setup the logging handlers.
Show a nested view of the resource. This is useful when you want to render a nested
Generate a category file with numsequences elementsperseq elementsperseq and numrepeats.
Create a new local dictionary and push it on the stack.
Calculate the covariance between two sets of points.
Test uninstall editable and pip install.
Cycles permute a list of items in the order they appear in the list.
Return the number of kilometers in meters miles feet and nautical
Compares two values for constant time. Returns True if they are equal False if they are not
Convert a JBIG encoded string to a decoded string.
Return a cache key for the given account container and obj.
Checks if a token is equal to another token. Returns true if and only if the tokens
Decorator to set the delay_denial attribute of the decorated function.
Update a device in a user s device list.
Return the x and y coordinates of the poly between xmin and xs and ys.
Change the GID of a file or directory.
Get a list of manipulated paths for the given loop.
Get the name of an interface.
Test against pytpm_doc_example.
Test that hsl_to_rgb_part_9 is the same as hsl_to
Create a new OVF flow for the given task_id and task_type.
Get the number of hosts in the cluster. If multiple_labels is set to True then
Convert a string to a translated field value. If the string is already translated it will be
Calculate the softmax of the probabilities of the probabilities in the dictionary p.
Returns a function that can be used to create a new role with the given name.
Run a command from command line arguments.
Create a VLAN interface.
Get the course enrollment info for a given course_id. If the course does not exist
Build a URL for the given endpoint.
Select a command from a list of corrected commands. If the user wants to confirm the command
Test if a new bundle is available.
Return a list of patterns that can be used to translate a string into a translation string.
Return a list of module names that are defined in the factory class.
Encode a unicode string into UTF - 8.
Return True if expr is a function variable.
Generate a unique request id.
Returns a QApplication instance. If the QApplication instance is not yet initialized it will be
Returns a dictionary of mapping details for a given lambda function. If no function name is specified
Show a service certificate
Check if the operation is complete. If so return the result. Otherwise return None.
Log the user out. This is done by logging out the user and logging out the user
Calculate the signature of a list of parts.
Extract a file from a tar archive.
Get the line number of the given node.
Convert a log level to a human readable log level.
Called after a user is saved to the database. Emits a field_changed_event
Packs a message into a request_id and a message.
Get the evaluation value of an expression in an element node. If the expression cannot be evaluated
Process an XML element and print it in a readable format.
Set the x - axis layout. Defaults to the current X - axis layout. Defaults to
Return a dataframe with the totals for the given baseline and head reservations.
Return True if item is in inlist. If item is a column return True otherwise return
Return True if value is greater than or equal to arg.
Check if source is newer than target.
Get a list of all instances for a given host and node.
Migrates the settings to the siteconfig object.
Sign the given data with the current key. If signing_server_active is not activated
Return the ratio between s1 and s2 in human - readable form.
Wait for VBL to be ready.
Compute a fingerprint for a list of paths.
Return the full path to the given device.
Returns a filter that sorts the tasks by the name of the task.
Check if a vector is solenoidal.
Edit an existing salesource. If the user is an administrator and the salesource
parsetargeturl is a helper function to convert a URL to a URL that can be
Return a tuple containing the twitter consumer key twitter consumer secret and access token. If none is
Set up the console logger for salt - color logging. If no log_level is specified
Try to get the url from url_name. If the url is not found return str
Beacons the btmp file and returns a list of all the events that have been
Check if a source is a flat list or tuple.
Returns a list of interfaces for the given interface. If the interface is not found an empty
Get the local time zone.
Check if a user can add a translation to a project.
Test pydotprint_profile.
Expands integer types to intp or uintp depending on whether the type is signed or
Sort a list of results by unicode_sorter.
Calculate the clickthrough rate based on the clickthrough impressions and the number of clicks.
Check if snapshot is in progress and retry if it is in progress. Return True if snapshot
Test the equality of two condition sets.
Check if bucket_host and bucket_name conform to the DNS rules.
Return the number of CPUs in the system.
Stop logging for the given name.
Returns a list of osquery. Command objects representing the list of hosts in the system.
Strips only one HTML element at a time. If an error occurs it will return the
Create a flag for an object. If the user is logged in it will be redirected to
Rescan the database if the number of blocks in the database is greater than the number of
Get the content of a widget based on the response_format. If response_format is
Updates the compute node with the given id with the given values.
Check if the user has access to the given group blob.
This is the main entry point for the script. It is the entry point for the script
Convert a string to a binary string. If the input is already a string it will be
Create a new scratch view with the given text. The text will be inserted at the end
Test EC2 allocate address classic.
Adjust timedelay based on lastqueryduration and lowerstdlimit.
Create a new database for a given app and request. If the database already exists it will
Find the first occurrence of a pattern in the given text. If the pattern is not found
Find the current user. If the current user is not in the system the current user is
Return the text with the last dot in text or None if there is no dot in text
Check if a user is awarding a badge for a given course.
This function is deprecated in favor of the global_authomatic_instance. access function.
Return the system information from the drac command.
Test that make_imbalance_bad_ratio is called when the ratio of x y
Enables a service on the given host and binary.
Get the model field name from a field name.
Skip 64 - bit integers.
Add a request to the queue.
Clones the deviceandemulator configuration for the given target_dicts. If the target
Validate a block of tokens.
Log a warning if the logical_line is not in the log. If the logical_
Get the email from a user_id.
Read an integer from a file and return it as a numpy. int32.
Returns True if the user is in the Travis PR environment. Otherwise returns False.
Report a deprecation warning about a deprecated work module.
Generate an HTML fragment from the given input string.
Decode a string into a NameID object.
Get a bucket by its ID.
Return a list of packages that have been upgraded to a minion. If style is set to
Decorator for functions that return double values.
Return the total number of seconds in a timedelta object.
Returns a list of all instance profiles matching path_prefix. If no path_prefix is
Convert a value to a constantx tensor.
Remove an opt - in email from the list of known emails.
Return an iterator over the nodes of the given object with the given nodename.
Redirect to a new page with the given number of arguments.
Return the string at the given pointer. If the pointer points to a string of the given
Get a list of all roles for a user or a tenant.
Returns a list of strings with the first and last word translated. If the list is empty
Test the data read from an EDF file and return a list of events and offsets.
Clear pdf epub htmlzip and htmlzip artifacts for a given version.
Return a broadcast of a and b. If a and b are identical raise an error.
Setup the netatmocamera platform.
Trigger restart after delete_page_checker is called to ensure that the application_urls are
Returns a validation error message for a given upload or None if no validation is configured.
Convert a value to a numpy array.
Print a warning message to the user.
Create a test database and initialize it with the data in the config file.
Polls the stdout of one or more Popen objects and yields the output of each of
Returns the name of the new state file for the given zone.
Encrypt an input stream into an output stream. The output stream is closed after this function returns
Return a dictionary with the context of the given revision.
Load a module and return it. If the module cannot be found an exception is raised.
Get multi - m2m users from apiview. This test is used to test
Make a list of lexical rules from a list of symbols.
Create a new egg with the given text.
Update the location tree for a feature.
Log information about the current stack frame.
Load a module from a file.
Convert a string to a unicode string. If the string is already a string it will be
Check if a hashed password matches a passphrase.
Get a list of all available meta schemas.
Generate a certificate for a given domain.
Get the username and password from the given URL.
Rotate a base64 - encoded encryption key to a new encryption key.
Query for n bundles in the database for a given customer and return them as a generator.
Render a list of sales leads.
Initialize the configuration from the command line options.
A route that deletes a topic from the database. The user will be redirected to the topic
Installs the jupyter kernel spec in a temporary directory. If the jupyter kernel is
Return a list of cliques in the given graph.
Compute the hub matrix of a network.
Run a function in a single thread. The function will be executed in a separate thread.
Load all account types from the registry.
Get a masked string from a binary string. The masked string is returned as a binary string
Yields missing whitespace from logical_line.
Decode and decrypt base64 encoded data and return decrypted data.
Iterate over all tests with the given names.
Clear a feature on a device.
Get a list of queues to wait for. If queue_list is None return all queues
Load data from the given stream. If a loader function is provided it will be used to
Delete unjustified issues for the given accounts and monitors.
Get the full path to the Python installation directory.
p_initializer_1 p_initializer_2 p_initializer_3 p_initializer
Catch database errors and save to hist_file if it is larger than _save_db
Clear the cache.
Delete a servicegroup server binding.
Download a file from the given url and return the local filename.
Strips the default value from an argument.
Delete a port
Return the current time in milliseconds since January 1st 1970 - 01 - 01.
Return a list of networks for a specific profile.
Check if a module can be imported.
Return a list of all the files in the directory that match the glob pattern str_.
True if the current line is the first line.
Find the difference between two files.
Print the current line number.
Convert an ASCII format to a FITS format.
Get the three namevariations from a name. If fromptdf is True the name
Construct a domain for coin flipping.
Get the date of a message from the given content. If the header is not present None
Check if pkgin is installed on the system. If it is not it will try to
Release the lock on the serving session and log it if debug is True.
Get the combined keywords from the split_text. The _keywords dictionary is updated with the
Display the last TV episode for a given series. If the last TV episode is
Check that the given file name exists and if not raise an error if it doesn t.
Returns a list of column names that should be used in the SQL query.
Return a dictionary with the name of the module disabled. If the module is disabled it will
Return information about the versions of the minion.
Clean up the test files.
Return the captured output as a string.
Return True if the given name is a bucket.
Run a statement in the context of the current context.
Convert a locale string to a language string. If the string is not in the locale string
Invalidate the star import cache for the given module.
Convert an IRI to a URI.
Process elementnode by derivation.
Lints all files in the library and the non - library files in the test rc.
Get a list of events for a given stack_id and event_args.
Get the lan s IP address.
Serialize an object to a pickle string. The object can be a class or a function.
Return True if the module is in the list of configured lettuce apps.
Convert a URL to a bytes object. If the URL is a unicode string it will be
Truncate the title to a certain number of characters if it is longer than the number of characters
Find the first missing edge in a graph.
Create a p - distance for the sum of numsamples samples.
Scan the postfix submission line for the given date and add it to the given collector.
Get a social auth token for a given user in a given backend.
Register the API routes for the given application. The application must be a class that implements the
Wrapper for fit_constrained that wraps fit_constrained with a wrapper around fit.
Returns a dict of unknown option - tran attributes for the given bgp path.
Delete a repository from the database. If the repository does not exist it will be created.
Return a tuple of the keys in the match dictionary sorted by key.
Memoize the result of is_smartos_globalzone.
Check if app_name is installed in settings. installed_apps.
Get a distribution object from a string or requirement object.
Return True if the given path is a mount point of the same device as the given path
Remove a site from the site list. If the site does not exist it will be created
Parse a state value and validate it against the user s XSRF secret key.
Refresh the database and return a dictionary of the keys and the corresponding bool_ values.
Check if a path should be included based on exclude_patterns and include_patterns.
Uninstall a package if it is installed. If it is not installed nothing is done.
Get the volume with the given blockdevice_id.
Validate that the given iterables are valid. If they are not raise a valueerror.
Logs out the current user s information and writes it to a file in the specified format.
Return the command to execute. If the command is not available return the default command.
Read a chunk of text from a file - like object.
Get chimeras from a nast - aligned FASTA file or FASTA file.
Check if the given ldev is valid. If not raise an exception.
Get a summary of the answers for an exit survey for a given date.
Resolve the given code to a tuple of the code and the corresponding value. If the code
Encode a string using Quopri s algorithm.
Check if the given path is a directory containing a setup. py file.
Return a set of all the available distribution files in the given Flocker source path.
Unban a channel from a user.
Get a single version from a module.
Get a cubic path by begin and end control points.
Return a list of LoopInfo objects for each loop in the given list of blocks.
Return the file descriptor of a file object. If f is a file object it will be
Return the date when the account was created.
Returns True if the user has language set in the session or if the user has a language
Test for overlap_slices with wrong mode.
Check the contents of an HTML page.
Set the value of a key in a service. If the key does not exist it will
Normalize a path to be relative to the current working directory. The returned path is normalized.
Show the results of a poll.
Add a friend to a user.
Restores an integer value from a flag.
Test that the history is empty.
Returns a list of all members of a group.
Build a formset from a list of dicts.
Get the current user from Frappe and store it in the bootinfo object.
Returns a set of lun ids that are used in the given mappings.
Get the current sharing strategy.
Divide f and g by p and return the result as a 2D ring.
Calculate the difference between the momentcondunboundls and the momentcondunboundls.
Get the current git changeset as a string. If there is no git changeset return none.
Check that the metadata dict is a valid hierarchy metadata dict. If not raise an error.
Create a variable with weight decay.
Get the status of a given service from a monit summary.
Initialize the database with the given connection name. If the connection name is already in the database
Returns a string with the status of the given addon. If the addon is not enabled the
Sends an e - mail to one or more recipients. If fail_silently is set
Read the temp IFACEs from the template and return them as a list of strings.
Assert that the element at the given path matches the given text.
Return the missing docutils page.
Start the tracemalloc dump thread.
Grant a privilege to a user in a database.
Toggle fullscreen mode.
Send an update notification to the given instance with the given old_vm_state old_
Return a generator that finds all domain configuration files in the given conf_dir.
Print a statement.
Create a new thread for a given course.
Get the language code from the given request. If the request contains a language code it will
Get a new instance of the current repository.
Iterate over a list of Nvim objects and return a list of tuples. If names
Return the virtual name of this module.
Generate an index page from a list of index links and a file - like object.
Get the number of votes for the given object.
Bind a floating IP to a device.
Initialize the ansible_inv dictionary for local use.
Raises an AssertionError if s is not wolfe. c1 and c2 are
Clamp a normal point to the range [ - num_ num_ ).
Test scenario ignore commented lines from examples.
Move to the top of the stack. If move_up is True move up or down
Create a new class with the given name bases and kwds. If exec_body is not
Return a suite of tests for this test suite. The tests are run in the same order
Generate a new minion id.
Convert a list of name - value pairs into a dictionary of name - value pairs.
Find the path to a UNIX socket.
Get clean environment variables.
Create a zfs storage pool and start a zfs volume service.
Get a string from a byte buffer.
Return a random integer in [ 0 n ).
Returns the index of the minimum value along a given axis.
Apply a function to an expression e. If e is not an expression e is returned.
Get the current request.
Convert a behave. json file to a cucumber. json file.
Convolutional layer.
This is the entry point for the salt - auth - tool. It is called by the
Generate a random coincmatrix with the given length and activity.
This function sleeps for a given amount of time and returns when the current thread exits.
The export_ora2_data action is responsible for submitting the export_ora2
Redirect to the LTI login page if the request method is not HTTP_AUTHORIZATION.
Reshapes values to a block of shape num_. If values. ndim < =
Parse a line of text and return a tuple of the line and a boolean value.
A wrapper around multiprocessing. sharedctypes. sharedctypes. rawarray.
Write string data to a FITS file.
test bulk insert dictionaries
Solve the 3D transform between two points.
Apply a set of modules to a highstate object.
Start a response with the given status headers and exc_info. If exc_info is
Remove a tenant from a flavor.
Hides the traceback from the top of the stack if it is in the given globals.
Return an ASUSWRTDEVICSCanner object for the given HASS instance and
Display a list of themes.
Generate n_samples random indices from 0 to num_samples - n_samples - 1
Parse a patch message into a commit object and a diff and a version number.
Evaluate the model on the given global_step with the given summary_writer and summary_
Extract all time results from the results_string.
Get the neighbor configuration for the given ip address. Raise runtimeconfigerror if not found.
Add inlinescript and staticfiles_storage resources to the context for the edit mode.
Return a list of variables i and o in the same order as i and o.
Check if text has mixed end - of - line characters.
Get the value of a request parameter. If the parameter is not found default is returned.
A function to return a list of the folders in a given add - on.
Inserttwistportions for the given derivation and XML element.
Test the theano random number generator.
Test to see if the AST is good for the global scope. This is done by checking
Create a legendre polynomial.
Return a list of the shells that are available on the system.
Test the bloom filter for the given test_logs.
Print a list of all the switches in a human readable format. This is useful for debugging
Lock a password. Returns True if the password is locked False if it is not.
Make sure that lib64 is in lib_dir. If symlink is True copy the file
Get a rectangular grid of complex numbers.
Convert a file to a new extension. If the file already exists it will be overwritten.
Return an iterator over all modules in a given path.
Get an integer property from the ioregistryentry.
Get a template by name.
Send a message to a channel or a channel in a given mode. If the mode is
Get a volume from the API.
The main entry point for the application. This is the main entry point for the application.
Uninstall one or more pecl packages.
Override the default system resolver with the given one. If none is provided the default resolver will
Check if value is a list of strings. If it s a list it will be split
Return a list of the CPU numbers in the system.
Return the absolute path to the file of all modules in the system.
Return a list of all nodes in the tree in pre - order.
Split the delete statement into two parts.
Check if a proceduredone or file is empty.
Create a small push dir with the contents of str_ and a symlink to str_.
Returns a random color tuple with the given alpha. If alpha is num_ random color is
Find an image by name or uuid.
Choose a shard based on the location of a weather location.
Encode an ASN. 1 certificate into a base64 - encoded string.
View the configuration of a map. If snapshot is not provided the configuration of the map is
The main entry point for the test suite.
Log in a user in the request. If the user is not logged in it will be
Get a nginx configurator.
Return a boolean indicating whether the values are not equal to any of the given values.
Return the flat norm of a.
Wait for scrubs to complete.
Returns the default secret key for the AWS account.
Get the validation set from the training set.
Parse a template string and return a dict.
List all the tags for the current user.
Test the continuous error of allknn.
Send a robots. txt file to the user.
Set the x - axis label of the figure. If the figure is interactive draw it.
Process an if statement.
Calculate the standard deviation of a list of values.
Test that the pokemonspecies file is the same as the female file.
Lints the output of the tool.
Return the s3_rest_controller object that will be used to manage water sources.
Return a copy of expr with all random values substituted with the given symbols. If symbols
Scans the example file for functions that are used in gallery_conf and returns a set of
Get the SSH configuration for a given host.
A simple route that renders the given string as an HTML page. This is useful when you
Check if the given class has extension attributes. If so return the class that extends this class
Uninstall one or more packages from the root of the system.
Return information about the current locale. If the locale is not available return the system encoding.
Create a new document with an image element and add it to the body of the document.
Clear the database environment. This is useful when you want to remove a database environment from the
Check if the given user can change the dictionary for the given project.
Symmetrize the given clip to be a time - symmetrized clip.
Clean up the database by removing all content from the database. This is done by removing all
Add num_ to the called base before a and b.
Parse a date delta value into a datetime. date object.
Format a master configuration line.
Test the plot locations of the dipoles in the subjects_dir and trans_fname.
Trains the model with exponential decay and exponential moving averages.
Add a candidate item to the results.
Add a command dim to the parser.
Given a list of matches and a command return a list of suggestions that can be used to
Read requirements from a file.
Add a query manager to the timeframed model.
Get a list of all the packages in the given mirror.
Create a config file with the given rules. If rules is None the default rules are used
A fix for the locmemcache. delete_pattern method to be used in tests.
Run pylint on the command line.
Helper function to run a command on a container. If the container does not exist it will
Read a file and return its contents as a string. Raises failedexecution if
Create a new x509 key and a new x509 req and a new x509 key
Get the current revision of the current git repo.
Get the content of a file.
Return the name of the script to run on the given VM.
Get a list of all BOM stations from the server.
Check if a path is in the blacklist.
Print the results of a query.
Convert a Unicode character to a unicode object.
Get the exclude string from the prof_dir in client_dir. If the prof_
Return the URL for the given resource provider.
Change the GID of a process. Returns True if the GID is the same as
Returns the line number of the current frame.
Return a list of all indices in the datastore.
Test for the symmetricalloglocator set_params method.
Recursively test a sequence for test_func. If the test_func returns True it will
Run a function in a WSGI environment and return a tornado. web. WSGI object
Normalize the GCE facts to the format expected by the GCE module.
A file - like object that seeks to the beginning of the file and moves to the
Given a topic name create a topic rule with the given SQL actions description and ruledisabled.
Run the LMS server.
Split a list of issues into a list of pull requests and a list of issues.
Evaluate a standard op on a and b. This is a wrapper around np. eval.
Return the value of the constant with the given key. If the key is obsolete it will
Test for the alternative pootle quality checker. The alternative pootle quality checker is
Return a list of complexpolygons starting from startangle to endangle with radius sides sides
Returns a dictionary of all events for a given event name. The dictionary is keyed by the
Enqueue a task to be executed in the worker thread.
Test initialization of repeatededitednearestneighbours class.
Returns True if obj is a scalar or a string - like object and not an iterable.
Create a figure with the cost data.
Return an error traceback in html format.
Reblock a 2x2 block matrix into a 2x2 block matrix.
Test for quteproc skip and wait for a message.
Add a store for a given po file. This is a bug in Django where the store
Extend the linecache. checkcache with the original checkcache. If filename is None
Test freeze - exclude - editable.
Add an animal pre save check to the pre_save_checks list.
Set a default attribute on an object if it doesn t already exist.
Create a color from an index in a list of hues and a number of values.
Perform a top - down traversal of the expression and return the result as a single value.
Check if a server is alive.
Return True if ch is a junk character.
Parse a text string into a list of tuples of from_words to_words.
Scale a vector by a scale of a scale of a scale of a scale of a scalar
Test sextractor last column array.
Get the last access time of the file at the given path.
Parse the output of the ipmi command and return a dictionary of the output.
Get the S3A access key from the configuration.
Convert datetimelike to i8.
Show standard icons.
Returns a list of all the topics in the cluster.
Convert the output of a command into a list of strings.
Return a list of all files in the given packages.
Load a parser from a stored item in the cache.
Build resources from a list of directories or a list of directories specified in options. directories.
Get a user from SoundCloud using the API key and the text provided. If the
A view that returns a 404 if the resource is not found in the registry.
Delete an IPsecPolicy
Set the window size for the specified folder alias.
Draws a list of landmarks onto an image.
Return the data from the database to the database. Return None if there is no database.
Return a list of modules that are not loaded
Assert that a link is opened by the given page.
Open a file and raise an error if the file does not have the right permissions.
Generate a random string of length num_ characters.
Test that test_data. dict_data has the same number of columns and index.
Set the port control register to the given state. If the state is the same as the
Create EELs for a list of chs.
Get the router from settings or import it if it s a string. If it s a
Calculate the square root of a polynomial.
Ceil the value x to the nearest integer in the range [ 0 x ).
Returns True if the object is a file - like object and is a write method.
Generate a sequence of coordinates from the given UL and LR zooms and padding.
Check if the given string is a valid IPv4 address.
Write the output of a comment to a file. The filenamepenultimate is the number
Format a value into a string suitable for use in an XML document.
Add text to the scratch buffer and feed the keys to the vim. current. buffer.
Drop the first n elements from a sequence.
Return a copy of os. environ with coverage set to None.
Checks if a value is in a given range.
Limit the number of cores and the number of cores in the cluster.
Test that hsl_to_rgb_part_11 is the same as hsl_to
Return the Dpkg Debian version as a string.
Test that the chart has the same classes as the chart s render_pyquery method.
Fetch the daylight hours for a given latitude and longitude.
Return a generator that yields a Track object for the given track_id.
Return the virtual name of this module.
Mirrors the audio to the duration of the current audio stream.
Return the range of dac numbers in the range [ 0 num_ ) to n.
Make a path unique by adding a number to it if it doesn t already exist.
Renders the given template_name with the given context and returns a response with the given content
Raise an error if a variable is not found in the list of candidates.
Render the given markdown_text as a Markdown string.
Convert timezone to current timezone if use_tz is set to True and value is naive.
Parse a Korean onblog date string into a datetime. datetime object.
Execute a pshell command and return the output as a Python object.
Given a logical line and a list of tokens find the whitespace before the parameters.
Replace all control characters with their XML - safe representation.
Return a dictionary of validation results for the given data dict.
Get a single instrument by its ID.
Kills all running containers in the container manager.
Convert a length to a unit of font size in px.
Test for ecliptic - heliobary and heliocentrictrue
Return the absolute path to the plugins directory in the archive.
Split a version ID into server and version.
Clean up the database.
CMREESTMENT REQUEST Section 9. 2. 1
Creates a network from a record sensor and a spatial pooler. The spatial pooler is
Takes a list of choices and returns a list of the same length as the given choices.
Return an edxrestapiclient for the given api_config and student.
Canonicalize the email addresses in the given changelog by replacing any aliases with their corresponding email addresses
Initialize the global with the resource manager.
Returns True if the label_flags contains a level label at the given minimum value.
Create an image for the given file.
Verify that cleartext_pwd is a hashed version of cleartext_pwd.
Get a new repository for the current project.
Output a header line with a dash at the end of the text.
Returns the current language. If the current language is not set the current language is returned.
URL - escape a string for use in an LDAP query.
Watches the user for changes in the locale of the currently logged - in user.
Get the ros_home from the environment or the user s home directory.
Update the ordered_update_ttk with the latest revision of the ordered_po.
Helper function to set the status of a service in the rcconf file.
Get a view from the request. The view will be rendered using the template specified in the
Convert a value to a unicode string. If the value cannot be converted to a unicode string
Return an iterator over the files in a directory. If mode is set to f_ok
Run commands in parallel and return a list of exit_status.
Unpickle a method from im_class to im_self. If im_self is
Order complex polynomials in the same order as the original polynomials in the original polynomials
Return the length of the string padded to the nearest multiple of block_size.
Return True if the given path is a device.
Calculate the skewness of an iterable.
Get a valid working directory.
Convert a key into a tuple of the form num_ + 1 and num_ + 1
Test if the plugin show all categories in the default shop and if the customer is anonymous.
Format an IP address with a bracket if it is not already in the IP address string.
Finds the bootable volume for a given server. If exit is set to True the function
Create a column with the given name and type.
autostart the batch_file with mobsf_subdir_tools and rpc
Convert Hass temperature to temperature in degrees celsius.
Parse the docstring of a function and return a dictionary with the parameters as keys and the values
Randomly split features into training and test features.
Generate the recommendation data for each subtopic. The recommendation data is stored in a
Check that the number of fields returned is within maximum_fields_returned_per_
Expands dimension links into a list of dicts.
Return an AST node representing the subscript of the given index_node.
Interpret EMR bootstrap stderr.
Encode a string to base64.
Called when a new member of a list is added to a list. Prints a list
Test that hide_value is supppressed in str_. If hide_value is
Upload a file from a local file system to a remote host.
Test the projection separations of a project.
Create a tornado. httpclient. HTTPRequest object with the given url method and body.
Drop all databases and clear the content store.
Consumes n elements from iterator and returns them as a deque.
Get the global settings for the current web application.
Check that the moon image is valid.
Reboots the WBEM server. This command is not supported by WBEM
Returns True if the given name exists in the system.
Convert a byte string or file object to an ET. ElementTree object.
Check that the throttle parameter is a dict and raises a type error if not.
Create a status line based on the given parameters.
Redirect the user to the given path with the given HTTP status code.
Set up the telldus library and register all the tellstick devices.
Create a backup of a volume.
Get the arcdistance from the given relativelocation and splitline.
Fetch an image from a target.
A wrapper for os. popen that warns about deprecation.
Get default object values from JSON file.
Given a list of models return a dictionary of exploration summaries keyed by their ID.
Connect to the Cloud CDN service.
Print a warning about the given IERS error.
Get a file from a Docker container.
Write a Python object to a JSON string. This function is deprecated and will be removed in
Convert a mode string to an NDImage mode string.
Write a diff between old_tree and new_tree to the file - like object f
Convert a sequence of bytes to a tuple of bytes.
Convert an argument to a softmax.
Checks if a comma is in the saml private key file path.
Check for missing generic folders.
Connect to a component and return an xmlstream. xmlstream. xmlstream. xmlstream
Encodes a name and value pair into a binary string.
Internal helper to get system statistics from the apiproxy server.
Update the follower of a user.
Convert a dot - delimited string into a dictionary.
Check if config is a dictionary and if not return a tuple of bool and str.
Profile the gradient of a function using Bayesian s Bayesian s Bayesian
Convert the qualities in a FASTQ file into a FASTQ file.
Update the metadata of a survey question.
Returns a unique id for the given HTTP response.
Returns a tuple of the interface addresses and a list of strings. The first element is the
Parse an HTML page into a list of DDBMS objects.
Create a new user with the given name and password. If a user with the given name
Return an absolute path to a file or directory. If relative_to is specified it will
Return True if the module was not found in the traceback.
Assert that tps are not pdiffs.
Convert a Fitter object to a model s parameters.
Edit an existing ticket. If the user has the permission to edit the ticket it will be
Analyzes a list of gens and returns a tuple of the same length as the
Reset the template_info_cache to a clean state.
Return a boolean expression that evaluates to true if the given expression evaluates to true for the given
Test that find_eog_events returns the number of events in the raw file.
Return a list of all installed fonts in the font directory.
Summarize a list of items in a human readable format. If singleton is True then only
The main entry point for glancesmain. This is the entry point for glancesmain
Isolate a sympy polynomial and return the root of the polynomial. If eps is not
Set the log record factory.
Add a menu to the SkeinForge plugins directory.
Calculate the relative distance between two strings.
Test if value is an odd number.
Convert a Tox angle and radius to a spherical angle.
Return a string with double nibbles encoded in hexadecimal.
Get a lexer for a given mime type.
Moves the cursor forward by the given number of characters.
Create a linear initializer with a truncated standard deviation of input_size.
Return null_deco if any of the given commands does not exist in the system.
Calculate the gradient of the expected energy.
Parse a date string into a datetime. date object.
Test for bounded xfail.
Unzip an archive into a temporary directory and return its path.
Test that the history end is reached and the next item in the history is a string.
Create an event from the security attributes.
Return a list of targets for a given build_file in a given list of targets.
Create a square image from a source image.
Return the absolute path relative to the given start path relative to the given path relative to the
Check for changes in the modified dictionary and update the ret dictionary with the new values.
Join user host and port strings into a single string. If port is not specified the host
Load the compiler configuration from a JSON file. If the file does not exist it will be
Read a data file from a local file system.
Return a callable that can be used to determine if the system is running on the system.
Add a label parameter to an XML parameter list.
Test simple two - model class compose for 1 - d models.
Return the latest version of the named modules.
Returns an arg scope for the inception layer.
Print a text with a color.
Scan a module to see if it is safe to use. If it s safe to use
Return a random filesystem label for a given test case.
Run a Sentry web server.
Return a generator of all the entry points in the given namespace.
Returns a dictionary of filters from the given data and the given attr_info dictionary.
Return a formatter for the given nodetext and optionstext. If caller is None return
Binary cross entropy between output and target.
Set up the light for the given device_id. If the device_id already exists
Return the logistic function of the given value.
Test shell wrap escapes if shell is true.
Check if all functions are available and return a dict with the function name as key and the
Fit the MCMC distribution to the sample using the distribution function distr.
Test that reshape_0. out_shape == num_ x num_ x num_
Get a sample from collection_type and datatype. If collection_type is str the sample
Return a list of all available mdadm devices.
A zinnia breadcrumb tag. This tag is used to display the breadcrumbs in the
Read a number of random bytes from os. urandom and return it as an int.
Load settings from a file and return a dictionary of key - value pairs.
Randomly select k individuals from the median absolute deviation of each other.
Return the normalized path of the given path. If the path is a string it will be
Convert the given value to the given type. If the value is already of the given type
Get the state of an EBS volume.
Get the current media from the mediaplayer.
Get an instance of a model by its primary key or None if it doesn t exist.
Set up a cluster on a list of nodes. If the cluster doesn t exist it will
Callback function for adding headers to the response. This function is called when the response is received
Delete an item from a collection.
Scan all plugins in the project directory and populate plugin_provides and plugin_module_
Get the user settings for the given username. If the username is not found None is returned
Get the crafted text from the given text. If the text is empty return the
Check for invalid QoS spec combinations.
Generate an indptr for a state.
A bare except that returns a tuple of the start and the end of the logical line.
Return the most frequent value in the array.
Return the current version of the application.
Test the custom system environment for the given pyproc object. This is useful when you want
Check if there are any conflicts in the unmerged list.
Return True if the contents of the two arrays are equal.
Load a markov model from a file - like object.
Write text to the terminal using ANSI escape sequences. If attr is none the text will be
Temporarily silence sys. stdout and sys. stderr when an exception is raised.
Test finder priority for nonegg over eggfragments.
Update the rcparams dictionary with the default values.
Convert a string to Markdown using the markdown module.
Check if the given naming pattern is valid. If no pattern is given the default naming pattern
Returns a digest of the given passwd using the given authentication algorithm. If no authentication algorithm is
Rounds a 64 - bit vector to the right of a 64 - bit vector.
Get the compiler to use for this library.
Given a dictionary of lemmas return a set of all the words in that dictionary.
Parse the auto - help directive and return a list of nodes. Node objects.
Calculate the square root of a ring with respect to x in a given precision.
getlumseriespr650 is a wrapper for getlumseries.
Given a list of spans extend it by the specified number of spans.
Check if we are already listening on the given port.
Test for error on file to filelinks.
step_1a - Step 1a - Step 1a - Step 1a - Step
Ask the user to open a file with the given options. If the file does not exist
Testrequote_uri_with_unquoted_percents.
Get the metrics record from the xapi object.
Initialize the log module with the given state and return the module object.
Get the convex part of a complex polygon. The convex part of a complex polygon is the
Return the position and text of the Cinder - Todo section of the given line.
Create a new image tag.
Find all the fiducials files for a given subject in a given subjects directory.
Return a label for a task.
Convert BSON data to a Python dictionary.
Notify unfavorite.
Filter a list of dictionaries based on a key and a value.
Add a type match to the list of matches.
Bessel filter.
Check if the given client is the master node. If not exit with a non - zero
Reboot a device on a remote host.
ECMA - 262 12. 2. 5
Format the allowed section into a dictionary.
Check if a user can lock a subproject.
Set up a local switch device.
Convert a datetime object to W3C - DTF format.
Get the top - level images from the imagedata dictionary.
Test pip wheel fail cause of previous build dir.
Return an ast. name with an ast. lvalue of the given name.
Deletes a key from a volume type s extra specs.
Parse a single line of text into a key and a dictionary of parameter names and values.
Step fails with a message.
Return a list of installed packages.
Get the list of activity IDs subscribed to the given user.
Calculate the Fresnelc zeros of a scalar.
Copy glance metadata from a snapshot to a volume.
Direct abstract declarator.
Check if the given arguments are valid. If so exit with a non - zero exit code
Remove an interface from a BSD device.
Create a topic subscription and push it to the push endpoint.
Return True if the file is a tar file. Return False if it is not a tar
Test the triux for SVD convergence and test calibration.
Send an email when the user changes their email.
Check if a device exists on the system.
Check if an episode is in a show.
Test the rotation of a 3d matrix.
Validate the schema of a file against a schema of a file on the local machine.
Calculate the cosine cosine cosine of a point on a linear system p and a linear system x
Return the path to the QCoreApplication s config file.
Recursively decode a Python object into a Python object.
Get a list of services associated with an EC2 instance.
Check a list of source files recursively and return the number of warnings found.
Test the advanced_inc_subtensor1 function.
Convert a 2D array of boxes to a 2D array of x y coordinates.
Return a list of all outer loops in the given list of loops.
Test AWS keys from environment variables.
virtual function to enable X509 extensions. This function is only available on Python 2. 7
Parse the link id from the given link dict.
Convert a binary VNI to a VNI.
Return a list of files from a list of packages.
Annotate a text clip with an optional background color. The text will be colored according to the
Returns the context of the given model or None if the given model is None.
Fetch an image from VHD or VD based on image_id and image_
Return the relative value of x in the range [ - num_ num_ + 1 )
Get the language dictionary for the given fortype. If name is not specified it will return
Try to guess the type of a field based on the most common type. If the field
Initialize the bind completion model and register it in the _instances dictionary.
Returns the path to the OS - specific SSL certificate file. If no file is found None
Generate a colormap based on the data in the datad file.
Return the certificate associated with the given CA name. If as_text is True return the
Derive an ID from a string path.
A password reset confirmation view. This view is used to reset a user s password. The
Find the review request object for a given review request id.
Parse a progress bar from a resource manager HTML file.
Make a compensator for the current CTF coils.
Replace line breaks with single - line breaks and single - line breaks with single - line breaks
Parse the command - line arguments and return them as a list of argparse. Argument objects.
Convert an integer to a byte string.
Stop the dump of the tracemalloc thread.
Return the complete linkage for the given data.
Returns a dictionary with the given mode and quotatype. If the mode is not a boolean
Return a list of lines that start with name and end with num_.
Test that a feature is in the same language as a scenario and that it has the same
Display a message s thread list and message list for a given message_id.
Check if the value is a valid entry point map.
Test install editable from svn repository.
Record the first event of a project to the onboarding task table.
Add a file handler to the logging system.
Return a list of all the tables in the database that should be deleted and all the tables
Join paths a and b. If a is an absolute path a is returned. If a
Deedify an ioflo. base. ioflo. base. deed
Rename the current process s name to new_name. Returns True if the process was renamed
Initialize the database client.
Extract a zip archive to a directory.
Write the given file to the given user s incron file.
Convert data from h5py to bokehrgba and return a list of tuples
Generate an HTML graph from the given node and return the path name image_map.
Return a string representation of the given date object as a HTTP date string.
Return the cumulative mean of the MCMC in the range [ 0 mc ).
Installs the SSL options conf file if it doesn t already exist.
Returns a fixture that will cache the result of the request. config. cache method.
This function is called when an exception is raised. This function is called when an exception is
Decode an array of bytes to a given encoding.
Get the content of a file.
Sets the enterprise_url attribute on the request object.
Return True if string is an integer.
Convert a row of numbers to a polynomial.
Convert a string to UTF - 8. If the input is a string it will be converted
Return a list of available QingCloud sizes for the provider.
Decode an RFC 2231 - formatted string into a tuple of parts.
Deletes a QoS Specification.
Unzip a file from the source file.
Check if config is a dictionary and if not return a tuple of bool and str.
Add basic options to the given opt_group.
Test output lines success - colorful.
Create SSL certificates for a given key and cert.
Create a return URL from base query and kwargs.
Convert a local path to an absolute path.
Convert a key into a list of propertyvalue. kreferencevalue. kreferencevalue.
Default callback for zip files.
List all meters for a given project.
Load local variables from a file.
Return a list of filenames with the given filetypes without modification gcodes. If filename is
Context manager to disable updates on the given widget. This context manager will restore the previous state
Add a bottom loop to a list of loops.
Set up the octoprint API.
Convert a datetime. datetime object to a datetime. datetime object with tzinfo set to None.
Run a function using the flup. server. fcgi module.
Return the tp class for the temporalimp string.
Load MNIST images from a file.
Sets the line style of the event collection to a single dash on the title of the spl
Returns a string that can be used as a placeholder for the two parameters of a function.
Dump a sequence of Python objects into a string. If stream is not provided a stringio
A fixture for prompttoolkithistory that returns a list of the history of the user
Delete a draft from a Nylas account.
Test Gaussiannb priors.
Delete a URL from the cache.
Return a list of all active contexts.
add square twotopixeldictionary to pixeldictionary. point is a point in
Parse command - line arguments for add and return a list of dictionaries.
Join rows into a single row with the given joiner. The first row will be joined with
Redo the changes in the project s tobe_redone list.
Collapses a list of IP addresses into a single list of IP addresses.
Return the version of nftables installed on the system.
Redirect to wagtail administration when permission is denied. This is the default action for
Test systemd_running_state to see if there is a running state of the given name
Add public keys from a list of filenames to a user s authorized_keys file.
Return a list of JIDs for a given returner
Check - in files by user for a given node.
Decorator for inclusion_only_unlimited_args. This is useful when you want to
Test that generate_context returns the expected context for a given string. This is useful for
Regenerates pyconfig. h. in in file_paths if str is in file
Given a source font name and a unhinted font name apply web - specific fixes and
Get the image properties table from the migration file.
Return a list of all the nodes in the cluster.
Warn or raise the given warning_class with the given arguments or raise the given exception_
Quotes a string so that it can be used in a shell command.
Write the merged cells of a worksheet.
Setup the platform with the given config and add the enoceanlight devices to the H
Check that all required modules are installed.
Ensure that the users in the form are in the same site as the local site.
Compute the inverse of a 2 - D matrix by multiplying it by a 2 - D
Remove all the files in filepaths that are older than the given mtime.
Task to install a docker plugin.
Create a DataFrame with the expected values for a factor compute.
Read a cache entry from a file - like object f.
Return a dictionary of fields for a given model.
Expands a dictionary into a nested dictionary where the keys are the keys of the nested dictionary
Return the configuration from the yaml file. If the file does not exist return an empty dict
Add a track to the track list.
Build a traversal spec from the given parameters.
Resample a dataset to the nearest 100 - bit count values using the ROCR algorithm.
Check if the given name is peered to the current minion. If it is peered
Build a base class object from a member.
Get a list of threads for a given forum.
Raises an exception if there is an error in os. environ. If there is an
Remove the package with the given name.
Return the path to the Cuckoo analyzer root directory.
Return a date object from a list of ticks.
Send an email confirmation to a user. If signup is set to True the user will
Get the logical part of the source_lines based on the logical_start and logical_
Set the settings to none.
Test for the tangent projection of a given image code.
Insert paths into sys. path.
Convert a resource to a table.
Get a Jinja2 environment for the templates directory.
Render the given template_name to a response with the best match for the given request.
Test that the sparktext is shifted to num_ and vice versa.
item_string_expr is an expression that is a string.
Return a list of getters for the item fields.
Validate a list of read preference tags.
test_assert_if_path_exists test_fail_if_path_exists
Serve a single file from a git repository.
Renames a file or directory. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Authorize the current user to access the OAuth2 server.
Convert a string to unicode if it is a string. If it is a string it will
Compile multiple files into a single output file. The output file will be written to the output
A context manager that creates a script in a temporary directory and writes it to it.
Check if a volume is attached to an instance. If it is it will update the volume
Return True if the current environment is a dev2 environment.
Close the connection to the ObitMQ server. This will close the connection to the O
Parse a git am patch message from a file - like object or file - like object.
Get the Voronoiloopbypoint of a loop of complex numbers.
Return a list of the launchd labels for the specified service. If no name is specified
Test that the path object is a boolean or a path object.
Get the version of the evennia installed on the current working directory.
A shared task that sleeps indefinitely for i seconds.
Labeled Statement.
Get the newderivation of the given element node.
Create an automodel for the given doctype. The doctype is automatically added to the document.
PAGING REQUEST TYPE 1 Section 9. 2. 2.
Test for get_locale_from_lang.
Show a filediffdialog to compare two commits and return True if the dialog was accepted.
Checks if two DN strings are equal. If they are strings they will be converted to unicode
Disable a module and reload the service.
Returns the current platform as a string.
Return the inverse Fisher transform of the z - axis.
Test the SVM SVC for equality with the SVM SVC.
Acquires a process from the given directory.
Get the last weekly dashboard stats for a user.
Get the text feedback from the browser.
Create a new bookmark collection for the given user.
Test the gradient of the T - matrix.
Send a message to a recipient.
Display the data in a big image.
Start a new receiver on the given host and port with the given exchange name.
Open a firewalld for a given service.
Check if a directory is empty.
Get the URL for the given name. If the name is not found return the empty_
Return True if all the arguments passed to the function are successful False if all the arguments fail
Add a user to the course creator group with the status granted.
Execute a query and return the results as a hash.
Parse command - line arguments and create a config directory if it doesn t exist.
Get the value of a parameter from a data string.
A context manager that captures the output of a command in the given stream. This is useful
Checkout the current branch.
Tag an image in a repository.
Handles the quota - class - update subcommand.
Get an object from a queryset or raise a 404 if the object is not found.
Return the current ceph version as a string.
Return a set of all roots in the given base_paths.
Write the output of the command to a file. If shouldanalyze is set to True
Test that adasyn does not have a bad ratio. This is done by comparing the
Writes a password to the server s password file. The password must be base64 encoded.
Checks that a submodule is added to a test package. This is done by adding a new
Return a dictionary of key - value pairs where the key is the key and the value is
Perform a soft - secure POST against the given URL using the given HTTP headers and data.
Encode an object using the Banana protocol and return the result as a string.
Return a list of all available bridge devices on the minion.
Get the system username.
Split a string into a path and a file name.
Process an element node in a cylinder.
Detects vision logos in an image file and prints them in a readable format.
Check if a connection to the given IP and port can be established.
Generate the gradient table for a random number of charges and a random number of bvecs
Uninstall the flocker for Ubuntu.
Location Updating Accept Packet
Return the current process.
Get glance id from s3 image id.
Load the environment from the given config_path.
Check if the user has permission to send a message to a stream. If the user is
Remove all directories that match a pattern from a given path. If no pattern is given all
Extract allocations from the response body and validate it against the provided schema.
Return the current Python compiler.
Return a future that will wait for the given time to elapse. The future will be
Return the number of parameter banks for a given device.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the remote events are enabled or not.
Get the last z - value of a lineblock.
Encrypt text using an SSH public key.
Remove all headers from the request object. If debug is set to True the headers will be
Aborts the current request with the given status code. If the status code is not 200
Signup a user with a given email.
Set the SDRAM frequency config setting.
Update the index for a given unit.
This is the main entry point for the application. It is the main entry point for the
Test for the GPU cross - entropy softmax_1hot_with_bias_dx
Generate a random string for the pwn staller generateutilsh function.
Load the WebGL backend from an IPython extension.
Checks that superset is a subset of subset.
Return a dictionary with the current log format and the current log format. If the current log
Convert a mpl symbol to a string.
Inherit nomination from the last version of the given addon if it is a packaged version
Check for copyright.
A thread that reads data from stdout and stderr and writes it to stdout and stderr.
Returns a list of nodes that are local to node2. node2 is a list of
Returns a list of review request fieldset objects. If include_main and include_change_
Return an authorized HTTP connection.
Add the ETag to the response if it exists in the request.
Run a job in the given run_times. The job will be executed in the given
Partition a dictionary into two dictionaries where the keys are present in the keys list.
Return a list of data files to include in the project. If vendor_libs is True
Installs a Java FAT library in the blade context.
Deactivate all translations.
Convert a list of colors to an RGB 255 color tuple.
Get the response body based on the data_format data_dict and error_list.
Returns a list of tuples where the first item in the list is the minimum score in the
Convert a relationshiplist into a list of relationships.
Delete a task from a given location.
Get the size of a set entry.
Check if the given text has an AJAX crawlable meta tag.
Parse a resource info dict into a list of schemafields.
Convert a string to text. If the string is a promise it will be converted to text
Returns a copy of the current session configuration.
Convert a QEMU format string to a QEMU format string.
Clean assets.
Return a copy of the config keys that are allowed to be used in the config file.
Get the unicode output of a stream. If the stream is a console return it. Otherwise
Syncs user s email addresses to the database if they don t already exist.
Find an executable in the given path. If no path is given the current working directory is
Return a list of tags for a given instance.
convert a pillow image to a wx. Image
Invalidate the star import cache for the given file path.
Get the number of devices in the system.
Check if libcuda_convnet_so is symlinked.
Get the largest loop in a set of loops within a given radius.
Bump a version number.
Configure all registered mappers. If a mapper has not already been configured this method does nothing
Invert an image. The input image must be of the same size as the input image
Verify that the views are present in the database. If not create a new design.
Choose a number of lines from a source string.
Return True if array is a sparse array.
Return True if the given name is disabled.
Queue a tabnav for interactive use in a Jinja2 environment.
Update the metrics for the search_clicks_metric and search_searches_metric
Get the size of the file system in bytes.
Configure the firewalls for the specified zones interfaces policy rules routestopped masq.
Return a unique variable. If pattern is None return all unique variables. If ignore is not
Iterate over all routersploit modules in modules_directory.
Get the block device info for the given instance and block_device_mapping.
Set the copyright credits and license.
Returns a string describing the number of variables in a plot.
Create a tasklist extension.
Returns True if val is a boolean False if val is a string True if val is a
Convert a list of gray colors to a list of binary colors.
Create a test descriptor system with a mocked field_data and a mocked render_
Add all directories in the current working directory to the list of paths.
Check ownership of an object. If the object is a string it will be checked against the
Interprets a size string into an integer. If the string is not a valid size
A decorator to provide the metadata for the model. This decorator will automatically drop all tables and
Set the DHCP dns for the specified interface.
Get the current user. If the current user is an admin user will be returned. If
Get the content - type of a listing request.
Convert datetime - like object to epoch - ns.
Check if two cryptovariables are equal.
Read a user choice from a list of options.
Parse a TCP line into a dictionary.
Get the DH generator and prime for a given kex algorithm.
Get the encryption oracle for the given secret name.
Remove a project from the virtualenv.
Determine the user agent to use based on the given configuration. If no user agent is specified
Rebuild all documents in the wiki.
Test for regression of future times in 4. 0. 0. 0 and 4. 0
Return a random string of n characters.
Set up sudoers for a given user.
Return True if val1 and val2 are constant time values.
The main entry point for the github command line tool.
Format a value as a string with the given argument.
Get the full path to the test file.
Calculate the average weight of a graph.
If entry_points contains a dist. key of xmodule then prefer that dist. key
Decode a thumbnail tuple into a tuple of 2 - tuples. Returns none if the tuple is
The main entry point for this module. This is the main entry point for this module.
Increase the number of times a task should be executed.
Get a quote by nick in a channel.
If v is a deferred resolve it and return it. If v is a deferred resolve it
Test that the context s config is the same as the default config.
Return a dictionary of reverse primers for each sequence in the input file mapping_fp.
Convert a list of language names to a list of language codes.
Paste a text from a file or directory.
Returns a rwx string for the given mode. If aclbit is True the mode is
Create the groups if they don t exist yet.
Return what is in the file. If h is none return what is not in the file
Create a new role on the Kstone account.
Return True if obj is a writable file - like object.
Test flattener layer state separation for softmax.
Discover the TellCore devices for a given component.
Post - process a group event.
Raises an error if the option is not present in the expected network.
Returns a function that can be used to get the dialect driver from the given name.
Remove a service or a check from a module.
Setup plugin options from command line arguments.
Get a copy of an element node that is a set of looplayers.
Fill a sample file with the sample data from the given rc_object.
Returns the valuestring with the given key replaced with the valuestring with the given valuestring
Convert an image to mobify format.
Test initialization and reference from a multidim ndarray.
Initialize the linter. This function should be called at the beginning of the linter. py file
Get a list of all the serials in a 2 - level storage file.
Modify an existing profile. If the profile does not exist it will be created. If the
Get the current user for all models. If the current user is not authenticated return none.
Create a backup of the app directory.
Add a skipped test to the list of skipped tests.
A context manager that returns an instance of the given subsystem type with the given options.
Return True if the lock is held on the system or False if the lock is not held
Generate the java test coverage flag from the Jacoco agent and the target under test package
Get the value of a key. If recurse is set to True it will return a list
Delete an image property.
Delete the logger with the given name.
Strips ANSI sequences from text.
Return a tuple of the length of each element in a.
Connect to a remote host and check if it is valid. If the host is not valid
Set the directory where the data will be saved. If create is set to True it will
Check if the screensaver is enabled.
Check if a device is available on the system.
Bootstraps the bot in a background thread.
Start a virtual machine on the remote host.
Re - publish a message to the specified queue.
Get the plugin to use for the selectbracket plugin.
This is the main entry point for the inventory_dispatcher and retrieve_config functions. It
Test that the download specifice an implementation of the pip package. This is done by
Get the distance between begin and end given a list of paths.
Returns a tuple of the differences between a and b. If highlight is set to True the
Get the location of the given object_alias. If the object_alias is not found
Shortcut for _show with an error message.
Fit a sample of the nearest neighbouring model and assert the results are the same.
A test to see how many customer columns are in the database.
Convert a binary string to a list of IP addresses.
Start a job in a background thread.
Return a set of top - level topic IDs from a list of segmented topics.
Merge new_items into base_items. base_items will be updated with values from
Convert an RGB color to HSV.
Initialize the client setup job in a test directory. The testdir is the directory where the
Test the formatting of the config file.
Traverses a path and returns a list of the paths in the order they were found.
Get the crafted text from a text file.
Returns the flavor with the given id or None if there is no flavor with the given id
Convert an object to a JSON string using ansible - jsonencoder.
Test install from broken wheel.
Add a group to the system. If the group does not exist it will be created.
Return a dictionary of cpu times. If per_cpu is True then return a list of
Given a cache cluster name describe all of the cache clusters associated with that cache cluster.
Test for file encodings in the current working directory.
Check that the configuration is sane.
Example of how to get a sample of resources.
Route to change the password of a user. This is used to change the password of a
Validate that the methods of the plugin_klass are compatible with the plugin_base_class
Set the value of a variable in the VZ system. If the variable does not exist
Make a CSR from a private key and a list of domains. If must_stap
Get the OS ID for the current system.
Return a generator of datasets from the given deployment.
Return a list of all the dependencies of this driver.
Parse the response body as JSON and return the result as a Python object.
Set the state of a package.
Try to run a function with the given names on the given object. If the object is
Return text as unicode. If text is None return str_. If text is a string
Enable theming in settings. mako_templates. This function is called when the
Load a JSON file into a Python object.
Returns the value of key in args or None if key is not present in args.
Convert a pachi coordinate to a pachi action.
Run the ifconfigtest command on all the hosts in the network.
Get the disk bus name for a given disk device.
Create a list of scsgateswitch objects for the traditional switches.
Create a widget object for the given module_name and widget_name.
Return a pretty string representation of any string values in the given object.
Return the hyperbolic tangent of x.
Returns a string representation of a simple matrix.
Replace all unnamed groups in a pattern with a list of patterns.
Returns True if _dir is a theme directory False otherwise.
Get the helix complexpath from a derivation and an element node.
Returns True if the module with the given name is loaded False otherwise.
Create an ast. Call node from a function and a list of arguments.
Helper function to check if a temp ip exists in the system.
Get a role from a user s list of roles. If the user does not exist return
Move a file or directory from srcfile to destfile. If destfile does not exist
Return the first element of iterable that satisfies func. Returns None if no elements are found.
Convert a version object into an object that can be used as a reference to a version object
Locate a filename or None if it can t be found.
Execute a salt - minion command and return the result as a dict. If no function is
Format a file size as a human - readable string.
Returns a generator that yields the number of occurrences of each element in the input sequence.
Get a list of profilers that match the given filter_data.
Check if the Cuda module is available.
Get a list of all objects in the system.
Return the maximum value of a dataset.
Return a random vector of the given shape.
Return a requests. Session object with auth and verify settings.
Returns True if the user has permission on the specified doctype. If no doctype is specified the
Returns a list of enabled quotas.
Create a vt100_output object from the given stdout or sys. stdout if stdout is
Create a new nameserver from the given sld tld and ip. If the nameserver
Get an attribute from an object. If an attribute is not found raise an exception.
Calculate the hash of the content.
Read a file and return it as a string.
Test reset in length.
Return a dictionary of arguments that can be used to set a retry parameter.
Return the plurality of a list of objects.
Unary expression 3.
Save a model to the database.
Returns an anovadict for the given ResNet object.
Introduce a mininet network and perform various intfoptions on the network.
MVN - N log - likelihood for the given observation with respect to the given sigma
Return the k most recently used elements in a sequence.
Initialize the compare command and wait for it to finish. This is done by running the compare
Make a datastore_query. query. Query from a pb. query. Query.
Return a list of all the info objects in the current context. If refresh is set to
Raise an exception if the given API version is not supported by the current system.
Return the minimum value of the B - vector u and B - vector v.
Process an element node by derivation.
Parse a header string and return a tuple of the header key and value.
Search for the first LXC bridge in the system.
Reraise new_exception_or_type as new_exception_or_type
Subscribes to a document in the edit - document - tree and returns a JSON response
Return True if the current process is running under a virtualenv.
Analyzes HTML and returns a trace of the parsed HTML. This is useful for debugging
Test that the meshdata contains the same number of vertices faces normals and edges.
Resolve patterns_path to an absolute path.
Get an inventory from the target_dir and base_env_dir. If clean is
Compute the targets based on the bounding box of the ROI that overlap the ROI.
Return a string representation of x or None if x is None.
Set the VLMP mux for a given VLMP instance. The VLMP
Encode a string to base64.
Add a track to the tracklist.
Given a list of parameters and a list of schemas return a dict with the casted parameters
Create a docker client from the given environment. This is a wrapper around the apiclient
Performs a single trial of the factorization algorithm.
Returns True if the profile_image field is included in the list of requested fields.
Delete a KnowledgeFolder or a KnowledgeItem. If the user is logged in the
Decode a cookie into its payload and digest. If the cookie is not valid returns None.
Example of how to parse a string into a list of productions and a list of production
Iterate over all tests in a test suite.
Get the protocol to use for this request.
Delete a set of documents from an index.
Check if the logical_line is a no - log audit line.
Test for bad algo option in pip script.
Generate a map from file paths to the mtime of the files in the given path_map
Get a list of testcase objects for a given package.
Copy the stat information from src to dst using os. utime and os. chflags
Create a zone config file from a list of zones. If no zones are given the default
Route to the index page.
Download a file from the source_url if it doesn t already exist.
Normalize a URI string to a normalized URI string.
Return a sorted list of all color names.
Convert a string to lower case and strip spaces from the beginning and end of a string.
Test that the chain is a string and not a longer than num_.
Write a value to a config file. If the file already exists it will be overwritten.
Detect the current distro from the registered probes and return it. If no results are found
Add a module to a service or a check. If a check is added to a service
Pretty - print a Python object or a function.
Return a list of random rising items from the subreddit.
Create a credential resolver based on the user - supplied credentials.
Get the name of the user field for a given profile model or the current user model.
Strips the variants from an address and returns it as a string.
Convert a language string to a locale string. If the language string is not a locale string
Update all local site profile and group review counts to zero.
Validate a file using the validation annotator and return an async result. The result will be
Test that the HTML is rendered correctly.
Return a tuple representing the internal date of the response.
Construct the came_from string from the given environ dict.
Remove a sender from the list of active senders.
Merge a list of C3 sequences into a single list of C3 sequences.
Convert an array to a 2d array.
Command - line interface for export_download_urls. This is the main entry point for
Remove the version number from the given href.
Sends a notification to the user after the invoice has been purchased.
Verify that a file exists and that it has the correct extension.
Add the roles to the app.
A context manager to restore the warnings state of a module.
Encode unicode_data as XML using the specified encoding. If encoding is None then unicode_
Returns True if string s is positive and False otherwise.
Set the amount of time until the computer sleeps. Defaults to 5 minutes.
Return a list of repo options for the given repo name.
Returns True if the environment variable str_ is a local run.
Get a list of users that match the given filter_data.
Return a human - readable version of the current operating system. If the current operating system is
Check if S3 instance has the required membership.
Flattens a dictionary into a list of strings.
Get the default profile image URLs.
Reverses the order of keys in a dictionary.
Given a list of keys and a prefix return a tuple of the keys that match the prefix
Return the stream of the current request.
Return a list of chunks for the output of a FFT along a given axis.
Return the number of the specified parameter in the specified section of the specified file.
Remove an entry from the configuration file.
Returns True if group_id_or_name is the effective group of the current process
Return True if any event has a return value False if no event has a return value.
Get a list of messages from all files in a given app.
Transpose the input array in place. If the input array is broadcastable the output is
Make a permission config key for the given view.
Prompt for admin cookie for user password and OTP entry. If user is none ask for
Parse a machine string into user password port and profile.
Return a list of integers in the range [ start end + num_ ).
Get the value of a style key from an XML element. If the key does not exist
Turn a let into a string and a number.
Given a role name return the role s details. If the role does not exist return False
Record the usage of a time slice in the ratelimit cache.
Move all tables from src_manager to dest_manager.
Test if two strings are equal. Raise testfailed if they are not.
Return the version of the salt - minion installed on the minion.
Test copy and append of FIF file.
Return a duplicate of the square root of f and k. If k is a finite field
Returns the name of the latest version of the package.
Convert a path to lower case.
Cancel a card hold.
Return the virtual name of this module.
Create a lock file if it doesn t exist.
Returns a string that can be used as an argument to an assignment with unlimited number of
This is the entry point for the command line tool. It prints the command line to stderr
Detects the latest version already satisfied by pypi links.
Set the hostname on the shell. If persist is set to True the hostname will be persisted
Return a dictionary of daemons and their corresponding flags.
Calculate the IQR of a sequence of numbers.
Return True if the certificate is valid and False if it is not.
Get an item from a collection. If the index is a list or slice it will be
Prepare apt task for use in apt_test. py. This task will be
Convert a dictionary of torrents to a dictionary of JSON torrents.
Return a new array with the percentile of the values in the input array. Quantiles
Check if an array is sorted ascending.
reloader_child is a thread that checks the lockfile and runs the app in a
Returns the validator with the given name.
Get the user and group from the libvirt shell.
Return the version of the VTK library. This is a global variable that will be used
Checks that value is positive.
Connect to the homeassistant and listen for the homeassistant_stop event.
Block reduction for 2d and 2d pool2d.
Get the zone with the given name from the given GSSHAPY namespace.
Render PEP - 440 into a PEP - 440 string.
Return a list of all designs for the current user. If owner and name are provided
Base64 encodes a string to a base64 string and strips leading and trailing whitespace.
Create a new database in the current user s home directory.
Calculate the st energy entropy of a frame. The number of shortblocks is the number of
Process an XML element by applying a manipulationfunction to it.
Get the standby timeout in minutes.
Remove a file or directory at the given path. If soft is set to True the file
Validate that value is not blank.
Decorator to mark a function as being called with a pointer to a void type.
Clips the sequence and the quality of a read from the input data. Returns a tuple
Creates a CloudMonitoring client for the specified endpoint. If no endpoint is specified the default endpoint
Find a health check that matches the given parameters.
Generate test files from source directory to destination directory with nseconds number of seconds and audio format
Wakestuckflow. Wakestuckflow is a bit of a hack.
Get the version data from the given URL.
Get the platform token for the current process.
Parse a TFORMAT string and return a tuple of repeat format and option.
Get a single content item from the database.
Build a Khmer graph from a list of input files.
Connect to the Facebook server and return a response. If the user is not able to connect
Run the given command on the given node and return a tuple of the tunnel and popen objects
Rounds a number up to a given number of significant digits.
Return True if the distribution is a Ubuntu distribution.
Returns a snippet of the critical checks for a given unit.
Returns information about a playlist in MPD format.
Normalizes a column of numbers to the median of the median of the median of the median of
Installs the add - on requirements from settings. addon_path to settings. constraints_
Load an application from a file. If kind is str the application is loaded as a string
Configures a Cloudpipe instance.
Returns a datetime. datetime object representing the given date and time.
Return a list of tracks that match the given track ID.
Return a list of all the roles in the user s group. If the user is not
Check if the driver is compatible with the given interface and agent type.
Test ascii nicely. This is useful when you want to test a string to be a
Get the cache for the current request.
Returns the path to the solrctl. If none is found None is returned.
Re - exec the current process if it s running as a NT service.
Use the oslo logger to log errors and warnings to the OSLO logger.
Test uninstall before upgrade from url.
Filter bad releases from the given name. Return True if the name is valid False otherwise.
Get a single image from the list of available images.
Return all shows with the given normalized name.
Find a stored ticket for a given bridge. Return the masterkey and ticket if found.
Return True if the expression is a square root.
Return a dictionary from a urlparse. parse_url object. The keys are the scheme query
Generate RST files for all files in src_dir in target_dir.
Get the list of backup files from the given backup_info object.
Return True if the ground truth is negative. Return False if the ground truth is zero.
Return a list of the basis vectors for the given ring. The basis is sorted by the
Clear the cache of spontaneous jinja2 environments and lexer caches.
Return a newline token.
Returns a preview image for the given preview_object. If the preview_object does not
Return a style dictionary for an element based on the given attributes.
Track the given event_name for the given bookmark. The event_name is a string
Get the installer for a given module. If the module is not installed it will try to
Get the current location of the script.
Blur an image with a Gaussian blur.
Return a list of class and function information for a given module.
Return a dictionary of s3 representations for a list of person IDs.
Test the priority of the output of the pip command.
Count the differences between actual and expected for all purpose. Return a list of differences.
Load a PEM or ASN. 1 certificate from a string.
Return a list of all snapshot descriptions for all the VMs in the specified domain.
Get the argspec of a function.
Get all roles assigned to a user.
Setup all the modules in the application.
Returns a string that can be sent to the sandbox on prod server.
Calculate the square root of x.
Get a list of access attempts based on the request s IP address and username.
Get the absolute number for a given show and season and episode.
Find the ISO reference in the given session. If the reference is found it will return the
Export the list of all languages in the database sorted by language_name then by name.
Ensure that the licenses exist in the app_path and that they exist in the database.
View the account with the given id.
Return a polynomial of length m with the same shape as p.
Rotates the image according to the EXIF orientation.
Cancels a primitive from b to c at a given degree and returns a new primitive.
Swap the current memory usage with psutil. swap_memory and return it as a dict.
Update the ssl config with the values from the ssl module if they are not already present.
Return the short name of a URI.
Execute the specified command on the device. If no command is specified all commands are executed.
Remove all UUIDs from the database.
Check that all handlers are valid. If is_include_file is set to True then
Find the kernel in the given path. If the path is a file or directory it will
Create a socket object and connect it to the given port. If no port is given the
Load the data into a Dataframe object.
Create a file at the given path and return the file object.
Read a DSSP file and return a dictionary of keys and their values.
Chuangs a string using the F3 algorithm.
Get the user secrets manager.
Split a key - value string into a tuple of the key and the value.
Return the virtual name of this module.
Make a directory if it doesn t already exist.
Return a list of bounds for a given list of sizes.
Return a new matrix with the given x y e and f rotation matrix applied.
Renames a key
Start the viewer with the given filename. If no filename is given the viewer will be started
Create a test suite for doctests.
Convert an RGB value to the 256 - bit RGB value.
Decode a hex string into an address.
Instrument a declarative class.
This is the main entry point for the windowanalyzefile command. This is the entry
Return the disk size for a given Linode.
Main entry point for the OVS - OVS - OVS - OVS - O
Upload a report to the report store.
Check if the given octet is a valid Quopri header.
Evaluate op_to_evaluate on feed_dict using batch_size.
Return the manual diff of a function with a given symbol.
Promote the latest release to the latest version of the current release if the current version is
A context manager that mockes the AIOHTTP client with a mock session.
Create a new CloudPipe project.
Create a directory if it doesn t already exist. If it does exist it will be created
Get a storage connection. If no storage_account or storage_key are provided the default
This is the main entry point for the application. It is the main entry point for the
Update the last activity of a post. If the post is a discussion update the last activity
Request a layer for a given config and path_info. If the path_info is
Creates a crossfade command that can be used to crossfade the given number of
Write data to a file. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Generate a random asset metadata.
Call binskim and return the bin_an_dic. If run_local is
Count the number of users following the current user.
A user view that returns a list of contacts that the user has access to.
Populate the collectors from the given directory.
Import all modules in the given path and return them as a list of module objects.
Return a label for a given field in a given model. If the field does not exist
Test that ncr_wrong_nn_obj is a function that can be used to
Return a list of modules that can be used to authenticate against the minion.
Return a list of items from a list that are not the given item.
Check if a namespace is visible.
Given a list of heightgrids return a list of raised heightgrids.
Create a div expression.
Return a list of directories in a directory browser.
Set the timezone for the minion. If the minion doesn t exist it will be created.
Return the bugreport for the current app or the current app if none is provided.
jumptopreviouswindow - jumptopreviouswindow - jum
Return a tuple of monomial powers of a to n.
Get the SVN revision from the given path. If no path is given the current working
Login to the remote server and wait for the user to be logged in.
Returns a function that can be used to track events for a given student s task.
Returns a URL with the given arguments formatted according to the given format. If no format is
Create a file system from the given root and fs_format. If no fs_format
Return a generator of all the mock games in the given directory.
Given a list of domains return a list of valid domains.
Verify that all axis indices in an object are unique.
Get a virtual interface by instance uuid and network id.
Get resources on service clients.
Return the absolute path to a file or directory relative to gluon_parent or applications
Return a list of objects that match the given query. If no fields are provided all objects
Check if the complete directory is the same as the download directory. If it s the same
Return the path to the disk in the virt_dom.
Encode an image into a list of images.
Concatenate the given url with the given arguments. If the url already ends with a string
Returns the status of the given token.
Assign a random category to a resource.
Install the given MPT. Returns True if the MPT was successfully installed False otherwise.
Write a fake ring to disk.
Print a papachan to the console.
test_rz is a test for the RZ module.
Initialize the parameters for the fflayer. This function is called when the layer is initialized.
Generate a list of projects for the current process.
Get the tag name of an element.
Create a filter for the given task.
Create a spyderaction with the given arguments.
Returns the index of b in a or raises an error if b is not present in a
Parse a signed request and return the data if it matches the app_secret.
Recursively merge two maps. If deep_merge is set to True the values will be merged
Call a function and store the result in the results queue. If the function returns an exception
Return an absolute path to a file or directory.
Convert a graph into an Edgelist.
Check the quota for a given image_size and image_id. If image_size
Update an existing exploration search document in the search index.
If there is a previous history or previous completion move the cursor to the beginning of the history
Returns a list of locations that the user is permitted to view. If the user is not
Get the ICO trajectories for a given grade.
Test that loglocator. set_params is called with num_ parameters and num_ base
Break a ctext into a parent key and a child key.
Returns the base64 - encoded hash of the given SHA - 1 hash.
Worker for buffer_recv_client. _recv_thread. This is a thread that
Return a generator of all tokens in the stream that have not been stopped.
Create a WSGI resource for the current controller.
Return a set of all the tags in the given page.
Check if a document has a permission for a given type.
Add a list of parameters to the query string and return the result as a new query string
Corresponds to the CORRECT_BYTES command. This command is used to corrupt a
Convert a string to a unicode string if possible.
Clean up the classification network for a given number of categories in a caffe_pb
Given a list of treewidgetitems return a list of treewidgetitem. path
Return a summary of the string st. The string st is split on str_ and the
Return the path to a migration repository. Raises an exception if the repo is not found.
Test whether a video embeds a file or a directory.
Stop the dump of the currently running processes.
Create a rectangle with the specified size rounded to the specified radius. If fill is True the
Get a hold from a line of text. If full is set to True then return the
Repair the central directory in the given zipfile. If the file is a file instance return
Update an image with the given values. If the image does not exist it will create it
Return a fieldinfo object for a given model.
Given a mime type and a list of parsed media ranges return the best fitness and quality.
Get the list of block overrides for a given CCX.
Verify the checksum of the given buffer. Return True if the checksum is valid False otherwise.
Generate a discrete sequence of length n from a given distribution or cumulative distribution.
Create an SMTP rule.
Returns a human - readable string representation of the given number of seconds.
p_pointer_3 p_pointer_1 p_pointer_2 p_pointer
Filter out lines that match the regex specified in options. skip_requirements_regex.
Create a new instance of the wrapper function. The wrapper function will be called when the model
Returns a unique id for the given user.
Show information about a keypair.
Modifies the tags of a node based on a list of tags. If the state is
Returns a callable that can be used to determine whether or not the user is a LDAP user
Create a new node with the given arguments. The node will be created and the action will
This is the Sphinx extension. It creates a layout and moves it to the Sphinx
MW info rule. This rule is used to display a message in the bot s output
Return the s3 controller for the current project.
Convert a multidict to a dictionary.
Bind a role and account_id to a role s context.
Minimize a trust region using cgsteihaugsubproblem.
Return the CQL oracle request string for the current connection.
Get a set of client URNs that should be checked in. If no URNs are
Return the i th item in the list or the default if the i is out of range
Permute a list of lists into a list of lists of lists of lists of lists of
Test shared float32 constructor.
Load a SVM model from a file.
Get a simplified copy of the looppath that is clipped by the given clip and radius.
Kill the old process if there is one.
L1 of the absolute value of the input tensor.
Encode a list of items as a URL - encoded string.
Write an external book relationship to the XML file.
Divide x by y and return the result.
Mask trigs by masking them by mask_type. mask_type must be
Print a list of nands to the console. This is useful when you want to print
Return the virtual name of this class.
Write data to a file and store it in the memory_files global variable.
Get the spam dashboard stats for the current day. If there are no spam dashboards for
Add a collarshaft to the given derivation. If collarthickness is less
Convert a string into a valid slug.
Execute a plan with the given old_plan. The old_plan is updated with the
Create a new node and redirect to it. This is used to create a new node.
Validate that a stringlist is a list of strings. If it s a string it will
Get the URL of a local resource in a XBlock block.
Returns the current language of the current page.
Convert a list of int64 values into a tf. train. featurelist.
Null - error tracker for the given message. This is useful for debugging and debugging purposes.
Get a new URL for a client log entry.
Create a new booleangeometry object from an xmlparser object.
Given a list of synsets find the human - readable labels for each synset.
Split an expression into two surds and a1 and a2 depending on the number of
Find the maximum occupancy node in a list of directories.
Computes the Rosen - Hess function for a given matrix x.
Remove tags from a string.
Check if a device is a valid partition.
Move a file from srcfile to destfile and symlink it to destfile.
Return a tuple of start and end row keys for a scan. If rts_start
Get the tag for a given instance uuid.
Return the configuration for the current backend. If the backend is not available return an empty dictionary
Find the name of a property of an object that implements the Notifier interface.
Given a filename and a function name return a list of snippets that match that function name.
Create a new course and add it to the organization.
Create a lifted loop from the given loopinfo and modify the given blocks.
Get the version number of the project at the given path.
Calculate the hash of a file using the OpenSubtitles algorithm.
Look up the CNAME for a given domain.
Setup the platform for uspssensoring.
Execute the SPM command.
Get the organisation address for a given org_organisation row or return an empty string
Check if the given keyword arguments are valid exclusive options. If it is raise an exception.
Add a node to the cluster
Return information about a certificate.
Create a new keyset with a signature and HMAC - SHA1.
Returns a callable object that can be used as a callable for the bool_ attribute of the
Record the result of an exchange.
Test root mean absolute error.
A fixture to make sure that the readline is a line - wrapped instance of readlinebridge.
Add errors from the serializer to the field_errors dictionary if the serializer is invalid.
Build target_targ_map from initiator and target_wwns.
Change the name of the command table.
Get a finder from the given import path. If the import path is not a subclass of
Get the legen_lut_accurate values from the given lut.
Download a file from origin to destination.
Create a new user with the given username and password. If the user already exists it will
Create a list of slices from start to stop with the given length and step.
Return a copy of a with the prefix removed. If a does not start with prefix return
Create a temporary file with a random name.
Load multiple BIO files into a single database and return the number of files loaded.
Get the newest pep pages with the same path as the current one.
Return a list of lists containing all elements of the input sequences.
Unpack the given source into a caveat and polished version.
Fork a new process from the current working directory in the current working directory and return its pid
symmetrize w by symmetrical decorrelation.
Detach a volume from the cluster.
Return a list of all the coil points in the given directory.
Generate a random secret of num_ random bytes and base64 - encode it.
Get a new instance of the repository class.
Create a string buffer of the specified size.
Get and verify the data sizes.
Display a list of the module s name in a nice way. This is useful when you
Return a warning message for the given exception. If debug is True the traceback will be printed
Build a list of match conditions for a given doctype. If as_condition is set to
Get the units and spheroid for a given SRID.
Sanitize a redirect_to value.
Precompute the st_windows for the Fourier transform. This is done by precomput
Calculate the average precision of the labels in y_true and y_score.
Clear the frappe cache. This is useful when you want to clear the frap
Create a group type.
Return the roots of a linear Fourier domain.
Create a diff between object_a and object_b.
Get the current speed limit from the API.
Set the date_str in the info object. If original is True the date_str
Check if an object is hashable.
Return a list of file extensions sorted by priority.
Show the options to the user. If the user is not allowed to do this the user
Convert an API resource to a Variable object.
Parse the remainder of a list of arguments into a single string.
Build a wedge text source from a pandas DataFrame.
Return the path to the root directory of the CAs. If pathname is None return none
Print the help for the command - line tool.
Create a package in the given project with the given name in the given sourcefolder.
Request a job to be run in interactive mode. If interactive mode is enabled redirect to the
Get the style attribute of a node as a dictionary.
Return a query object for the relationship with the given thing_id and name.
Get the class alias for a given class.
Return the squared difference between x1 and x2. x1 and x2 must be
Parse a sqlalchemy table schema string into a dictionary and store it in the kb. data
Returns a string representation of the given acl and options.
Return a list of popular urls.
Commit all changes to the database and clean the database.
Return an iterator over all the Windows services.
Get a list of datasets that follow the user following the dataset specified in the data_dict
Get the status of a task given a VM state and a task state.
Delete a project from OpenNebula. If project_id is not provided it will
Get the temporary directory to use for Galaxy tests.
Return a list of all disabled plugins.
Test the popup injection of a string. This is done by checking that the string is not
Set the GID of the current process.
Destroy an instance. If update_cells is set to True the instance will be updated at
Returns the api_version directive.
Return a list of path names for all the available Schemes.
Get the full path to the makefile.
Return a technical 500 response with the traceback as text or html depending on the request.
A generator that yields a sequence of numbers from 0 to num_ where num_ is the
Collapses a SWA message into a single SOAP message.
Remove the test database from the test directory if it exists.
Flattens a nested dict into a single dict with keys separated by pre and separator.
Return a list of unicode objects in a list of strings.
Returns a dictionary with the package name as the key and the value as the value.
Create a swig library and register it in blade.
Convert a string to a format dictionary.
Return a list of loops in order of ofarea according to compareareafunction.
Unescapes the doctests in the given text. If the text does not contain any
Return a public email address as a string.
Generate a 3 - byte UUID from a namespace name and a 3 - byte MD5 hash
Switch the current request to the given request name.
Replace the options in the doc string with the values in the opts dictionary.
This is the default handler for the order_form field. It sets the tax to the
Measure the number of columns in a list of tables and return a tuple of the lengths of
Read the contents of a git HEAD file or a symbolic link.
Convert a token and tag into a penntreebank.
Strips leading and trailing whitespace from the beginning of a string.
Update the status of the parent doc if it is a status field. If it is a
Group tokens in tlist according to cls. m_open and cls. m_close
Get the minimum of two complex numbers.
Massage metakeys in a dictionary by prefixing the keys with prfx.
Sample a function from a 2D or 3D space.
Move song list to a new position in the song list and display a list of songs
Stop a service.
Validates that the update is a mapping and that the first element is a prefix of the update
Copy or rename a transcript from one location to another. If delete_old is set to
Check if the given name is valid. If not raise a saltcloudexception exception
Set the http wrapper for this module. This is used to set the library and features.
Return data to a redis redis server.
Check if the command - line arguments are valid. If they are not exit with an error
A task that runs a command in the context of the task s i18n_extract
Get a new instance of the WideRepository class. This is a wrapper around widen
Return the tag of the current version.
Write the output of the command to a file. If shouldanalyze is set to True
Ensure that the named cluster is present. If the cluster does not exist it will be created
Send a signal to the master. If the signal is not one of the valid signals the
Remove the first n characters from the beginning of a string.
Get a client and key for a given spacewalk server.
Get the manager class from a django. db. models. orm. orm. engine.
Show the details of an instance.
Generate a random date time from the given parameters.
A context manager that runs profiling on the context of a context manager.
Create a temporary file name and return its name. If fname is None return the name of
This task is used to check if the user is authenticated. This is a periodic task that
Return a list of gens filtered by symbol.
Find the compute host that matches the given host reference.
Compare two optimizers.
Service all messages in the lane stack and store them in the rx_msgs dict.
Create a deferred class with the given model and attributes.
Unpacks an argument from the CLI into a value. If the value is None the value
Split digest auth data into a list of values.
Perform a vertical Sobel filter on the image and assert the result is the same.
Update an instance in the database.
Validate a config object to make sure it is a dictionary and that it contains all of the
Returns True if the requesting user can access the self blocks of the given course_key.
Return a function that can be used as a function of the boto module. This function is
Test for jsonreport output with no errors.
List all sale orders that are assigned to the specified user.
Check whether a file contains a discard statement and if so return a checknode for it.
Remove leading and trailing whitespace from a multiline string and return it as a string.
Validate that the maximum argument is greater than or equal to the skipna argument.
Return a string with the length of the string t followed by the bytes of the string t
Test bootstrap length.
Copy volume glance metadata to a snapshot.
Return a dict of all the mount points on the system.
Return information about a BTRFS device. If the device is not a BTRFS
Test that deep bases win over dependents.
Get the platform to use for the build. If the current platform is on Mac OS X
Process an XML element to determine the difference between the shape and the shape of the element.
Update a dictionary of fields based on the values in new_ele that are not in prev
Check the size of a file to make sure it is at least size bytes long.
Get details for a given etag.
Put a signing keyset into the secrets manager.
Get the transfer closest to a loop in remainingsurroundingloops.
Returns a columnproperty that returns a boolean indicating whether or not the column is deferred.
Write a single unpaired read to a file - like object.
Generate a list of dicts with the depth and text of each heading in the given soup.
Return the name of the database in the given file.
Compile a regular expression pattern into a regular expression object. If the pattern is not a string
Get the bcaddress version from a base58 - encoded string. Returns none if the address
Tuplize a dictionary of values into a dictionary of integers.
Create a new user in the server s user table. This is done by creating a new
Test the mode of a managed file and keep it in the temporary directory.
Return whether or not a provider is configured for this minion.
Return a list of all the ancestors of a given affiliation.
Test that the cookie jar has the same number of cookies as the config_stub.
Decrypts data using AES - CBC.
Load the results directory into a temporary directory and a path to the directory where the results are
Returns the outgoing URL for the given URL.
Return a list of all the comments in the database sorted by date.
Split a list into n sub - lists of length n. If n is less than n
Move the unblocked list to the blocked list and move the blocked list to the blocked list
Process a bitmap file and return the binary data. Raise exception if there is an error.
Deconstructs a file name into a bup_chunked or bup_
Congestion Control Packet
Return the interface name for the given host. If the host is already a string return it
Calculate the garbage collection content for a given sequence.
Create a new security group rule.
Returns a list of URI replacements for the given providers.
Join two or more paths and raise a suspiciousfileoperation exception if they are not
Get the Q - matrix for a given codon.
Given a mime type and a set of parsed media ranges return the best fitness and quality.
S3 REST controller for demographic resources.
Add two dicts by their keys and return a new dictionary. The keys are the keys of
Check if the host is a subdomain and if it s not add it to the kargs.
Return True if the user is all tenants in the search_opts dict.
Decrement any number in a tuple by num_.
Temporarily change the context s mode to be the same as the context s mode.
Plots a 3D scatter plot with a color and a scale of 1. 0.
Test to raise an error when a value is not a 2 - dimensional array.
Create a matplotlib patch that draws a rectangle on the screen. The hatch parameter can be
Sends a message to a backend.
Send an alarm message to the given bot.
Test function for numpy. broadcast_arrays and np. broadcast_to.
Get a photometer by its longname or driver name.
Associates a fixed IP pool with a virtual network.
Add the help menu to the master menu.
Return True if the LRC of the data is equal to the given check.
Make a paginated api response.
Setup the coordinator for the current process. If no URL is specified a noopdriver is created
Return a dict with the number of GPUs and the number of GPUs in the net
Set pcap. use_select to False to disable PCAP. use_select.
testterrain. terrain. import_exception - testterrain. ter
Get the path to the data directory for a component.
Given an API key and a list of stagekeys disassociate them from the API key.
Transform the derivative of the derivative function g at x into the derivative of the derivative function g
Open a local file or a URL using urllib2. urlopen if it s a local file
Compare a value to a version.
Returns True if matplotlib is in interactive mode False otherwise.
Attach issue_custom_attributes to the given issue queryset.
Get the script name from the WSGI environment.
Search for text in Sprockets Protein Protein and Trembl.
Creates a new Frappe site.
Return a URL - encoded version of text that is maximal percent encoded in safe characters.
Return a list of recommendations for a given user.
Register a pre - save callback for the user object. This callback is called before the user
Return a dictionary of playerid - > nflgame. player. PlayerStats objects.
Get a list of client options for a given session.
Calculate the overhang span of an element.
Returns the label for the x - axis.
The main entry point for the command - line tool.
Returns the default timezone. If the time_zone setting is set to a string it will
Return a relative URI from base to to.
Remove a string element from the config. If the value is not a string it will be
Prints a meetinglink to the user. If the user is not in a chair
Returns a vim. VMRef object for the given vm_name.
Load a gradient boosting model from disk. If isregression is set to True then
Create a preregistration user and send an email to the user to complete the registration.
Search the wiki for the given query. If suggestion is set to True the search will return
Return a list of handlers that should be installed in rapidsms_handlers.
Create the mkfs_option dictionary from tune2fs_dict and mkfs_
Check if the field is unique in the database. If it is raise a ValidationError.
Expands the variables in p into the form of a swi block of length l.
Ensures that a context attribute exists. If it doesn t it will set the default_value
This function is called before the prediction is performed. It returns a tuple of the number of
Get the synopsis of a file.
Returns True if the given short number is possible for the given region.
Temporarily disable sys. excepthook.
Detects the operating system and returns the name of the operating system. If the operating system
Return the norm of the brightness of two images.
Redirect to the url_for method n times. If n is greater than the number of
Return a branch of the results in the order of the last num_ results in the list
Obtain the device type from the model.
Return a list of positional or keyword arguments for a function.
Test operator export with tpotselectkbest.
Return True if the FGraph contains a softmax op.
Update the viewer with the data in the given dataset and the given rows and cols.
Process an element node by derivation.
Convert a size string to bytes.
Check if a module should be skipped based on implicit_namespaces and includeprivate options.
Sends an e - mail to a list of recipients.
Test will not fix.
Calculate the left and right audio samples for the given audio clip.
Installs a Twisted reactor in the main thread.
Convert text to bytes. If text is a string it will be converted to bytes. If
Convert a metablock string into a metablock string.
Return a slice of obj from a to b in Python 3.
Source tmux config files and run tmux commands if necessary.
Create an artifact from an entity id and a message handle.
Login the user with the given username and password. If a facility is provided it will be
Check if a user is not present in the system. If it is present it will be
Remove a scan from the W3C Core.
Returns a list of all the loop s innermost points that are inside the loop.
Fetch an inventory file from a remote server.
Returns a list of the most popular groups.
Return a dictionary of network IO counters for the specified network interface. If no interface is specified
Convert stuff to a string if it s not already a string. If it s a string
Convert a path to a bytes object.
Get the version number from the versions. txt file.
Return the current distutils version as a string. If the version is less than the loose
Create a subprocess. Popen object with the given arguments.
Load a certificate and key from a given path.
Check if the original file is out of date with respect to the derived file s modification time
Return a list of all the users in the database.
Evaluate a space and return a dictionary of nodes and their assignments.
Show a snapshot of the current state of the minion. If no arguments are passed the state
Return True if the restart freeze is enabled.
Calculate a symmetric polynomial of a list of numbers. If n is negative the polynomial will be
Return a ctypes array of the given shape and type.
Convert a string to a floating point number by multiplying by the given number of times.
Takes a list of tags and returns a dict with the tags in proper format.
Returns the current language of the current page.
Get a list of epochs from the raw FITS file.
Get base64 encoded html5 zip from url.
Get the element at a given rank.
Extract SNMP data from SNMP data.
Validate that value is an instance of string_type. If not raise typeerror.
Return an iterator over the GPI data in the file handle.
Generate the source code for a proto file from a source file in the given environment.
Checks that the command output contains the given text multiple times.
Update a group type.
Create or get an address by name and region. If the address already exists return it.
Find the first unfinished word in a line.
Determine the list_kwargs based on the given options.
Return a list of language and AKAS languages for a movie.
The main entry point for this program.
Test that ignores settings avoid apps argument if apps argument is passed.
Return True if the given URL has an explicit scheme or host or path.
Test undefined behave as step fails.
Setup logging for a given product.
Return a URL - escaped version of the given string.
Redirect to an S3 location with no error warning confirmation and flash headers.
return the path to the dot file for the MAVLink mavproxy. If no name is
Convert a volume id to an EC2 volume id.
XORs two byte arrays and returns a list of the result of the XOR operation.
Search for a file in the minion s fileserver and return the full path of the file
Return a list of strings that represent the objects and exits of the given client.
Compare two media types.
Pretty prints a fulltext sentence in the form of a string with the position and tagset
Return a list of all runners in the minion. If no arguments are passed all run
Dissassociates a role from an instance profile. If the role does not exist it
Register a string as a litecoin command. This is a shortcut for crypto_command
Return a list of all profiles in a given directory.
Delete a metadef property.
Add an application to the node_state with a docker image and a volume attached to it
Returns a tuple with a boolean and a string describing whether spacewalk is enabled or not.
Return True if the given string is a buggy UA.
Expands environment variables in the given path and returns the expanded path. If the path is
Recreate instances in a mig.
Returns a list of all the names of all the bearer objects.
Return the length of a base64 string.
Convert a base58 string to a base58 string.
Called when a resize error occurs. Delete the video instance from the database.
Validate a password using a list of password validators.
Returns a JUnit XML file with the test success information.
Create a stubborn dict from a list of objects.
Return the identity of an object.
Check if the given user can assign the given article.
Cache the call signatures for the given bracket leaf.
List all tables in a dataset.
Show a specific key in a dictionary.
Add simplisafe alarm devices to the Hass device manager.
Return the full path to a module or None if it can t be found.
Returns a tuple of the maximum length of a physical line. If multiline is True the line
Fetch the content of the given URL and return it as a string. If the request fails
Replace a variable in a string with a default value.
Test that matplotlib doesn t have the same collections as the standard library collections3. This is
Compute the kurtosis of an array.
Get a course by its key.
Start the babysitter server.
Return the virtual version of the python module.
Initialize the master working set. This is called when the master is ready to be run.
Injects a network into the given file system.
Copy the MOBSF configuration to the local config file.
Create the CPPTP and PyTP objects for the given number of cells per column.
Test that the schema is valid.
Checks that str_ is in current_directory and that str_ is not in the inner
Convert a hyper - to - meijerg function to a hyper - to - meij
Check if a loop is a pathentirelyinsideloop.
Check that the given method exists in the given estimator. If it does not raise an error
Generate a number of random bytes from the local system.
Execute a query in the database and return the result as a list. If no result is
Installs nodejs from the source code if the version is different than the current version.
Return the f - part of x.
Get the size of a URL in bytes.
Set the configuration of the VIF host backend for VIF host backend.
Clones a repository into a new directory.
Check if a line is redundant virtual or not.
Install and run the tscript in the current python environment.
Explodes the user s account. This is the main function of explore_account
Create a new multiprocessing. Pool with the given number of processes and an optional initializer function.
List the incron data for a given user.
P - initializer - list - 1
Load an example module and return it as a Python object.
Return True if this is an xquartz string.
Convert a list - like object to a timedelta64 or datetime - like object.
Convert a boolean value to a binary bitarray.
Generate a summary of an alignment.
Pads labels to 3d.
Calculate the negation of the GF coefficients.
Parse a path expression into a domain and port tuple.
Callback for the port - range option.
Get the class of the specified SSL adapter.
Called when the manager is first initialized. This is called when the manager is first initialized.
Add a value to a value and return the result as a new value.
Expands a reader macro into an expression. If the reader macro cannot be found an error
Assert that two strings are equal.
Get the city code from the request.
This is the main entry point for coconfparse. It is the main entry point
Convert a URL to a MID number.
Get the customcourseforedx object for a given course and coach.
Return the sort key of an SQ operator.
Update the package database with the contents of the given opkg_path.
Ensure that the current host is the same as the one in the Xen API.
Convert a string to bytes. If the string is already bytes it will be converted to bytes
Unassign a role from a user.
Return a response with a page_missing template.
Build a base64 encoded image from a numpy array.
If logical_line starts with cinder format return a generator that yields a tuple with the
Open a Windmill client with the given user and password. If no client is
Split the title and year into title and year.
Compute the hyperbolic sine of a time series.
Format a number according to the I18n language.
Register an inclusion tag with an unlimited number of arguments. This is useful when you want
Return the LBP of the subtraction of two polynomials.
Build an HTML page from a classified text.
Make sure connectivity is correct.
profile_bc01 is a benchmark function that runs the given function with the parameters of the
Return the html of the first element matching the given CSS selector. If no element is found
Register the current user as a contributor.
dmp_primitive is a wrapper around dmp_content and dmp_qu
Returns a list of creation options for the collection.
Start the glances webserver with the given configuration and command line arguments.
Convert the request body to a string if possible. If request_body is None return str
Look up the expression name in the table. If not found add it to the table.
Returns a deterministic value for the given table name.
Adds a command to the command list and returns a list of responses. The list_command
Get a list of all roles for a given path_prefix. If no path_prefix
Returns the preferred encoding of the current locale or str_ if the locale is not available.
Send a JSON response to the client. If content_type is not specified the response will
Return a dictionary with the full path to the module and the full path to the module.
Test to see if an ast can t be read from the source code. This is a
Return the output of a single - level data set as a list of lists of values.
Check if a bridge does not exist.
Test that the MKT locale is not in Django.
Parse a usage specific string into a dictionary.
Returns a list of all available sharing strategies.
Returns a list of available languages.
Execute a shell command and return an error if it fails.
Save an event to the eventer.
Unpack a ZIP file into extract_dir.
Execute a function on a list of objects in parallel. The function will be executed in parallel
Stop the named service. Returns True if the service is stopped False if the service is not
Creates a new user in the database. If superuser is True the user will be created
Given a formset and a list of attributes return a list of normalized formsets.
Return a human - readable delta between two dates.
Return a string representing the currently logged in user or None if the user is not logged in
Compute the signature of a message using a secret.
Return a list of osquery. Command objects representing the contents of a table in osquery
Resizes a wx. Bitmap to fit within target_height
Returns a list of tuples containing the file name and the content of each file in the given
Return a connection to the Nova instance configured for this provider. If no provider is configured
Create a new Gax logging API client.
Attach task statuses to a queryset.
Returns a list of points in the harrisim that are within a given distance.
Decrypts data using AES CBC.
Test the initdb command.
Upgrade a bill to valide_days days.
Get the position of the window in the given folder alias.
Update the values of an image member in the given memb_id.
Remove the zone slave from the master device.
P - init - declarator - list.
Test for dict to dict conversion. This test is done by using dictconversion. toid
Get information about the specified virtual machine. Returns a dictionary of information about the virtual machine.
Run the given command in the given working directory.
Iterate over all platform files in a directory and return them as a generator.
Compute the clustering distance between a matrix and a linkage. The clustering is based on the
Make the basedir if it doesn t already exist. If quiet is True print a message and
Get a random number from the local random number generator.
Return a list of channel names that are in the inverse operator.
The group_delete action is used to delete a group. If the user is a member
Dereference the type of a string. If the type is not a string return it
Return a random string with rainbow colors.
Convert a Python code object to a bytesio object.
Returns True if the number can be dialled internally.
Duplicate the R RG and GCM of the RG and GCM of the R
Delete a namespace from the database and cascade it to all associated meta - definitions.
Load the image as a grey boolean.
Returns a string with the given name. If sig is not provided the function will return the
Returns a list of points from the given path with the given radius and threshold ratio.
Test that str_ is not found in caplog.
Unquote a string and return it as a string. If the string is not a string
Choose an NCV value for a given number of samples.
Read the contents of a file. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Command - line entry point for the emailmigrate script.
Get the dropbox folder location from the host database.
Test the default task loading of the fabfile.
Convert a value to a template.
Chebyshev distance between two vectors.
Check if a service is enabled. If the service is not enabled a message will be returned
Convert a format from a POSIX - style format to a LDTML format.
Test that the EIP150 opcode gascost is the same as the EIP150
Select a random node from a list of nodes.
Get the datetime format for a locale.
Extract a dictionary of valid arguments from a function s arguments.
Show the cached contents of a template.
Serialize an event to be sent to a user.
Store rendered templates in the store.
Make a test environ builder for the given app and path.
Convert a binary file into a binary file. If out is not specified the file will be
Invert the monoms of a Polynomial.
test_contravariance - Prints the contravariance of the
Create a new Talib object with the specified number of bards and timeperiod added
Return a generator of all files in str_. If only_py is set to True
Parse the response for an asynchronous operation and return it as an asynchronousoperationresult object.
Wrap the given socket in an ssl. sslsocket. If the socket is not an ssl
Add a handler to the qute help page.
Return a list of all roles in the whitelist.
Get the indices of the contrasts for the given effect_idx and n_factors.
Returns a dictionary with the current platform name as the key and the machine name as the value
Return a list of path elements from the given resource to the top of the path.
Get filenames from example_dir and return a generator of tuples. The first tuple is the
Flattens a list of strings into a list of lists.
Count the number of cells in the inline admin form.
Get the parent theme name from a theme name.
Validate image values.
Get a runner for the given classpath main jvm_options and args. If no executor is
Find a dumb path in the list of challbs that are supported by the user
Omni - normal test for a set of resids.
Return True if the current platform supports colorization.
Setup the platform for the Hass device.
Get repository metadata by changeset revision.
Create a new thread with the given name and connection. The thread will be started when the
Parse a string into an expat object. If namespaces is set to True the string will
Return a testsuite object with all the tests in the test_suites list.
Log the headers of the current request. If debug is set to True the headers will be
Compute the L21 norm of a matrix.
Installs a python module in the current environment. If the module is already installed it will
Move files from source to destination. If destination is a directory the files will be moved to
Run the pa11ycrawler test with bokchoy_html course_key
Create a new pool in Quantum.
Remove hextochr characters from a string and return a new string.
Print the usage and exit with the number of parsing errors.
Create a form entry with a label and a text box.
Convert a string to unicode if it s not already a unicode string.
Manages the changes to the imported files in the given path and the given commit.
Given a list of tokens and a dictionary of local and global variables return a list of tokens
Create a graph of key - value pairs for the given action context.
Unfollow a thread.
Multiplies a number by two and returns the result as a float.
Recursively copy the contours of the given component into the given parent contour.
Return a list of security group ids for the given security group names. If the list is
Return a list of all configuration options in the config file.
Returns a graph of truncated tetrahedron paths.
Return a list of all the nodes in the cluster that match the criteria specified in the call
Count the number of times x is contained in v. If x is not contained in v
Create a bokeh pull link for the given issue number.
Run alembic migrations on a database online.
Unmounts a file or directory.
Return a rejection line of length n with the given alpha in the range [ 0 num
Train a masking layer with a recurrent LSTM and a LSTM.
convertxmlelement - Convertxml element.
Publish an exploration to a committer.
Setup a firetv platform with the given config and add the devices to the list of devices
Returns the current date as a string in the format YYYYMMDDHHmmss.
Convert a password into a dictionary of meta data.
Set the console mode for the given file descriptor.
Generate a HMAC - SHA1 hash of the poisoning report.
Return True if the code contains a string and is not longer than the number of characters in
Return a list of all IPv4 or IPv6 addresses that are not allowed.
Test for find_module. This test fails if there is no module in the system.
Decorator to close the first test in the test suite. This is useful when you want to
Prompt the user for input and return the result.
Returns a random integer in the range [ start stop ). If seed is not None the
Convert a xl cell string to row and column absolute values.
Strip the handshake from the given capfile. If the capfile doesn t exist it will
Get the status of the given engine as a dictionary of tuples where the key is the name
Remove a playlist from MusicBrainz. If the playlist does not exist an error
Create the test index if it doesn t exist.
Seed a list of disks with the same form and size but only if they are not shared
Parse the given expression and return the result as a Python object. If an exception is raised
Return a datetime. datetime object for d seconds. If now is None return the current time
Get a sessionmaker for the given engine.
Check if the root is excluded from the list of excludes. Return True if the root is
Get a list of public certificates.
Download a nltk corpus from resource_path.
Get the path to a file in a plugin s media directory.
Convert a CWR record to a dictionary.
Add a namespace to the request object. If the key starts with _ then it will be
Construct the name of a snapcopy volume.
Intercept a command with the given arguments. If capture is True the command will be captured in
Restore the connectionpool and util from the original version of urllib3. The original version is
Set obey_over18 to True if the request contains the value of str_.
Create a new figure manager given a figure and a number of figures.
Convert a list of values to a list of values. If names is None then all values
Create a directory at the given path. If the directory already exists it will be overwritten.
Given a bucket name and an optional access control policy update the ACL for the bucket.
Convert an integer to an integer in the range 0 - 9 inclusive.
Calculate the footprint of the given object.
Send a message to a kafka topic and return the result.
Replace arg in args with tvars if arg is a string or a typevar in t
Trigger a build for a given project and version. If no version is given the latest version
Generate a nonce key for the given server_url timestamp and salt.
Build the list of arguments to pass to the install command. If the user_install option
Check if a user can manage ACLs for a given project.
Get the timestamp base from the frequency group. If the base is less than the frequency group
Generate a markembling colour.
This is a parametrization function that sets the stderr of the fault handler to None.
Get the top rated experiments.
Creates a socket connection to the given destination pair using the given proxy settings.
Build a logger that will be used to log messages to the console. The logger will be
Get the host for a replication group.
Apply a decorator to a function. The function will be wrapped by the decorated function.
Build a server URL from the given arguments.
Rastrigin - scaled version of the Rastrigin function.
Generate a URL from the given argument. If the argument is a string it will be encoded
Get the frequency code and stride from a frequency string.
Search for images and videos based on a search term. If no search term is provided the
Return a string representation of an object.
Multiplies this variable by the given scalar. If the scalar is a variable it will be
Return a pickleable version of the given exception. If the exception is already pickleable return
Check if selection is not supported in the clipboard.
Compute the dot product of two vectors.
Handle Cinder - Localization strings.
Get the poster of a video.
Returns a tuple with the current global dictionary and the current local dictionary stack as well as the
Assert that two URLs are in the same format as expected and that they are in the same
Check if extra requirements are met for the given package name and version. Returns a boolean value
Get a multiprocess storage backend for the given filename.
Convert a unicode string to a unicode string if the python version is the same as the Python
Return a list of sources for the specified zone. If permanent is set to True the sources
Returns a list of revisions between the two given revisions.
Returns true if the points m and n are disjoint from the points m and n.
Create a new generator for the given kind and project and resource and offset.
Patch emr. list_steps to enable patching of clustertimeline.
A view that adds or removes a certificate exception to a student s course.
Setup the Hass platform with the given config and add the devices to the list of devices
Initialize the output socket.
Convert a list of polynomials to an array of polynomials for a given index.
Get the resource limits for the current process.
Read a sound table from a file and return a tuple of the table and the sound rate
Check if a value is a numpy array or a float or complex. If not raise an
Setup the Wink platform with the given configuration and add devices to the given list of devices
Estimate the mean absolute deviation of a dataset using the Simple Moving Average method.
Parse a binary expression.
Returns True if the user is logged in and False if not. If the user is logged
Monkey patch tarfile. copyfileobj to support wal_e. copyfileobj.
Test for HTML generation.
Create an SSL context for the given host if it is not already present. If it is
Adds a product to a store.
Checks the version of Mayavi and raises a runtime error if it is not valid.
Show the remote URLs for each app in the project s repo.
The main function of projectionslinesandcircles.
Return a cached timezone object for the default time_zone. This is useful for testing.
Return a string representation of a date in the format of YYYYMMDDHHMMSS.
Checks if a token is equal to another token. If the token is equal the result is
Get the non - intersecting gridpointline of the y - intersection path.
Set a system info key to value. If the key already exists it will be overwritten.
Returns a dictionary of references to the given field in the given table. If the field is
Get a logging handler for the current process.
Return a list of all SQL queries for the given app.
Load a caffe sprite image into a numpy array of n_sprites sprites
Return the shelter type of the current S3 bucket.
Get the padding type for the given kernel parameters.
Return a list of absolute paths to the configuration directories.
Test get_init function for version 4.
Returns the complement of the given string.
Convert a datetime. timedelta or datetime. datetime object to an integer representing the number of seconds
Check if the environment variable is in the AWS environment. If not raise a skiptest
Disconnect a user from Facebook.
Trigger a scheduler event.
Unpack a directory and copy its contents to extract_dir. If progress_filter is provided
Generate a verification key.
Set the current operating system and version.
Return True if the message should be kept for the given account.
Returns the largest element of the arguments. If no arguments are provided the largest element is returned
Convert x to a string using the given encoder.
This function initializes the metric descriptors. This function should be called at the beginning of the function
Get the rotation angle from a string or number.
Wait for the datastore pubsub or bigtable package to be ready.
Sample a 2D vector from a 2D function f. x_args is a tuple
Compare two strings in a BFR.
Run a spyder test. This is the main entry point for the spyder test.
Revokes the specified admin privilege from the specified user.
Get a request object from a CSR.
Add a prefix to each line of a string.
Create a network in the specified provider.
Remove an exponent from an integer and a fraction and return the resulting integer and the fraction.
Get the version number of the package from the init. py file.
Evaluate a condition and return it as a boolean. If the condition is a boolean return it
Return True if readline is available.
Get the root of the HDFS mock directory.
returns the first occurrence of a given weekday in the given year month dayofweek hour minute
Resolve a version to a string.
Open a log file and return a filehandle. If the file does not exist return None
Return a timestamp for the current month of the time t.
Register a handler to be called when a hook is triggered. The handler will be called with
Test to see if the screen size of the current page is the same as the number of
Write a table to an HTML file.
Find the maximum number of commits in a contributions calendar.
Resolve a function from a string or a module name. If the string is not a function
Test that the labeller function is the same as labeller function num_ and str_
Set the path to the virt file.
Fetch the current state of the system. If the system is running on the same machine the
Add an access token to the creds file.
Get the current babel locale. If no locale is available fallback to the current language.
Get the marker parameter from a dictionary of parameters.
Convert a shape object to a GeoJSON geometry object.
Return the current time in nanoseconds since the last call to this function.
Calculate the log of the mean and the exponential of the values in an array.
Set the version of the le script in the given venv_dir.
Returns the minimum distance between the given coordinate and the given surface.
Returns a string with the penalties for the given distance dictionary.
Register canonicalization and stabilization.
Build adgroup ad operations from a list of adgroup operations.
Returns True if the user should send updates. If the user does not exist returns False.
Create a patchviewer for the given dataset and vis_batch.
Binscope a sample with a given signature. The signature must be the same as the sample
Run the ninja application.
Returns the review request field for the given field_id.
Parse a date string into a datetime. date object.
Return a list of plays for each playid in the data dictionary.
List the policies associated with a role.
Send an inventory to the client.
Run a test case and return the test result.
Convert a title to a URL.
Add an email to the activity log if the message is not already in the activity log.
make the floppy file for the kickstart and the preseed file for the f
Resolve a path to a full path.
Get the documentation for a given name.
Join a channel with a key or a channel name.
Build a filter from motion_params comp_norm outliers and detrend_poly.
Return True if the verbosity of an index is the same as the verbosity of the verbose value
Count the number of occurrences of each word in a list of documents.
Returns a function that returns a list of tuples containing the absolute URL and title of the page
Return the UID of the current process.
Get a list of packages that are affected by the given diff hours.
Test the strength of a password using zxcvbn. password_strength.
Run the given network and write the results to the given writer.
Create a list of serializers for the given transport.
Authenticates the given endpoint with the given credentials. If the token is provided it will
Returns the path to the translation directory for the given language. If the file_style is
Write a FASTA line to a file with a label line. If keep_barcode
Helper function for random_choice and random_choice_with_size.
Returns a string of count characters with the given join_type. If digits_ptr is
Calculate the mean square of the values in y_pred and y_true.
Redirect the user to another URL.
A context manager that provides a mocked version of the event notification. This is useful for
Print the result to stdout in a human - readable format.
Connect to an EC2 cloudwatch instance.
Find the SR reference from a VBD reference.
Encode a single block to be sent to the CrawlResponse protocol.
Returns a list of synonyms for the given fontext.
L - TA filter on the input data.
Returns True if the userland tool is installed. Otherwise returns False.
Load the user s configuration from the user s config file.
Check if a scalar value is zero or nan.
Get the base directory of the data directory.
Return the virtual name of this module.
Aborts the test with the given exception.
Protect a file name if it is not already protectable. Otherwise return the string s.
Make a directory if it doesn t already exist and add it to the synoindex_
Echo all methods and functions of a class.
Get a database connection from the given configuration.
Perform a fast exponentiation using a power - of - 2 and a power - of -
Print a message to the standard output. If quiet is set to True the message will be
Return the current zone code.
Show the details of a network.
Wrap the given SQL clause in parentheses if necessary.
Convert a sky to pixel coordinates using the projections. py module.
Convert a MAC address to a string or raise an exception if it s not a valid mac
Returns a generator that yields all the keys in the bucket that match the given prefix.
Update all UUIDs to ids.
Check if the given command is an executable.
Given a function name return a dict of the function s properties. If the function does not
Parse a Codetotree string into a Python tree.
Return the relative path to a config file or make it if it doesn t exist.
Returns the sum of the elements in inlist. If inlist is empty returns None.
Return a list of the configured members for a load balancer.
Returns a list of the table names in the database.
Construct a sort object from a list of strings.
Returns an HTML export of the request_string. The request_string should be a string
Remove a file or directory. If the file does not exist log an error and return False
Add threading arguments to the given parser.
Check if a node exists in the storage.
Return a list of all installed solvers.
Returns the section administration page for the given course and access level. The section admin page
Downscale the images to k dimensions.
Called when the user presses Ctrl - C. This function is called when the user press
Given a service and a resource name return the object that represents the resource. If the resource
Return a list of all directories in sys. path.
Get a pickled exception from the given exception object.
Get the version from the init_file. If the init_file does not exist it
Returns the number of bezier points between begin and end.
Test that a chart has no data and no values.
Returns a local URL for the given port.
Return a list of all the nodes in the cluster.
Return a string with the s3 tabs for the header of the response. If tabs is
Ping external URLs if save_ping_external_urls is set to True.
Register a hook that will be called when a module is imported.
Create a lazy loader that loads functions from the given directory and returns a dictionary of functions.
Replace the prefix of a device name with a new one based on the configured remap_v
Add a bootstrap class to the field if it s not already there.
Substitute placeholders in text with values from kwargs.
Delete all load balancers whose name matches the given regular expression.
Create a database and drop it.
Return a generator that yields the index of the first character of logical_line that is not
Adds the author of the addon to the copy. Returns the author of the addon.
Print the exception message and the current time and the exception message. The exception message will be
Update the counter with the given name. If the counter doesn t exist it will be created
Send a message to a multicall consumer. Returns an iterator of the messages received.
Start Tomcat in the current working directory.
instantiateshooterrback is a function that returns a deferred that is called when the
Assign the crowding distance to each fitness in the list of individuals. The crow
Return a string representation of a class instance and an ordered dictionary of key - value pairs.
Returns True if the given URL is from the given spider. If the URL is from a
Parses the arguments and keyword arguments from the given template string and returns them as a tuple.
A decorator to wrap an update function with the assigned and updated functions. This is useful for
Set the current namespace.
Create a slice from a string.
Proxy a command with the given arguments and keyword arguments. If the command is not a proxy
Combines two dictionaries and returns a new dictionary with the values from obj_a and obj
Create a navigation line from previous and next links.
Get a word from a form.
Returns a list of headers and values for the given message. If mta is not None
Iterate over all style files in style_dir.
Send an ARP packet to an ethernet interface.
Add positions to the event collection and check if the new positions are the same.
Remove any extra fields from the payload that are not in the api_model.
Check if the locale is valid. If it is not raise a 404. If it is
Polynomial division of f and g at a given point k.
Renames a file or directory. If the user presses Enter then the command will be
Escape a string so that it can be used as a shell command.
Return the virtual name of this module.
Return True if the given title contains any feat tokens in plugins. feat_tokens.
A context manager to track the memory usage of a course.
Load an X. 509 certificate request from a buffer.
Show information about a virtual machine.
Extract the identity response info from the given binary data.
Test that value error is not sum - one in the markov chain.
Print a summary of the results of a JUnit runner.
Unparse a tuple of components into a URL.
Test authentication with the SAB server.
Count the number of non - printable characters in a string.
Run a command in the current working directory and raise an exception if the command fails.
Handle a websocket connection by sending a random message to the client and waiting for a response.
Make a context object from the given context and request. If the context is not a dict
Returns a list of all values in the given cluster.
Build a dictionary of postprocessors for the given md instance. The postprocessors are ordered by
Get the body of an SSH command from the response.
Calculate the odds of a number.
Delete named query.
Convert request. post to verb. If request. method is verb and request. meta is
Dispatch the HTTP request to the appropriate handler based on the request method. If the request method
Get the branch option from the kwargs. If the branch option is not present return an empty
Return a string with the given color applied to the given text. If ansible_color
Get the shortcut for the given context and name.
Convert a template string to a script string with the given parameters. If no parameters are given
Convert request. post to verb. If request. method is verb and request. meta is
Return the boolean value of the python module. This function is only available on the python module
Sign data with the given private key and digest and return the signature. The private key must
Parse the given options string into a dictionary of key - value pairs.
Create a request for the given operation number and data. The data must be a byte string
Plot two scales on the two axes. The first axis is the first axis the second axis
Test for the existence of a cut in the AST. This is done by checking that the
Get the size of the network given a mask. The mask can be a string or a
Test for find_number in 7. 0. 0 - > 7. 0. 0
Return a list of all the datacenters on the VMware environment.
Get a new repository.
Recursively walks the class hierarchy and yields all subclasses of the given class. If encountered is
Reset the videomode to the default mode. If nogamma is set to
Add a file parameter to a parameter list.
Returns the length of the word in tabwidth characters.
Return a list of all IP addresses that are not alived in a given state.
Get the size of the current process.
Handle the API call for the config. set_config and config. get_dconfig
Disables the site and reloads the service.
Decorator to mark a function as unsafe.
Returns a debug node for the given token.
Setup the HM devices for the current platform. This is called by the HMDevice
Return a copy of the original dict with keys that are not strings.
Pre - init hook for submodules. This is called before any submodules are initialized.
Return True if input_string is a float False otherwise.
Resolve a URL to an absolute URL. If to is an instance of urlresolvers.
Generate a password for a postgres user. If uppercase is set to True the password will
Pads a sequence to the length of n. If the length of the sequence is not
Calculate the reject interval for a given value with a given number of observations.
Resolve a sub - workflow from a deployment directory.
Collect all attributes from a list of containers and return them as a list.
Fixes the osmesa_gl_lib environment variable.
Entry point for the command line interface. This is the main entry point for the command line
Check the dependencies of the given model to see if they are allowed to be included in the
Check that the given value is valid for the given field. If the value is a list
Copy glance metadata to a glance volume.
Parse a union page string into a list of tuples.
Create a new paste with the given contents.
Create a new console for the given window. This function will be called when the window is
Get a list of cohorts for a given course.
Return a tuple of the connection details for the current proxy type.
Context manager for locking a file with fcntl. lock_sh or fcntl. lock_ex
A local optimizer that performs an element - wise sub - zero operation on the input array.
Calculate the bootstrap of a distribution with a given value and a given number of observations.
Remove a file from the filesystem. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Build a date from a string.
Test the service provider base manager for a given language name.
Return a lazy loader that loads modules from the pkgdb directory.
Compress the input string using zlib. compress and return the encoded string and the length of the
Assert that the given commit_id has been serialized. If print_performance_info
Return a dictionary of the results of a given function.
Return True if the given datetime is ambiguous.
Format the mappings for the given properties into a result dictionary.
Patch all of the system methods. This function is intended to be used by all of the
Enable a virtual server on the local machine.
Return an interpolation function that dedents the result of func. If func is a method it
Returns true if the user is in the audience restriction for the given conditions otherwise returns false.
Search for a disk by its LUN ID.
Given a list of roster_order and a list of ipv4 addresses return the first
Calculate the mean longitude of perigee for a given Julian day.
Resize the virtual volume to the specified size. If the size of the virtual volume does not
Get the name of a link.
Galois multiplies a and b by a and returns the result.
Return a catalog of null source code for the given domain and packages. If domain or packages
Check if session cookie is present and set CORS headers for the response.
Make the output directory if it doesn t already exist.
A fixture that renders the config template and returns the result. This is useful when you want
Validate that a user s password is not empty.
Checks if the current token is a Fernet key repository and if it is not valid.
Download a file from the given url to the given filename. Returns True if the file was
Count the number of tokens that were supplied in the given list of arguments.
Solves a complex trigonometric equation.
Test for locale_html_xss.
List all interfaces on a server.
A view that downloads the log to a zip file and writes it to a temporary file.
Get the GitHub email for the given access_token. If the access_token is not
Enable updates testing for a given distribution.
Returns True if the named file is available on the system and is a file with x_
Helper function to check if the user is in the rvm environment. If not set the
Split the polynomial f by x and return the factor f po and g. If x is
Remove a tag from a git repository.
Format a number as a string.
Return a dict with the values of the configuration variables that can be stored in a stash.
Permute the elements of an array using a list of permutations.
Test that print_nameless_col is a valid column in the table.
Get a list of all available regions for the current account.
Draw a bounding box of an artist.
Get the crafted text from a text file.
Remove all modules from the modules_db dictionary.
Check if source is newer than target.
Check if the current user is the root user.
Remove a host from the known_hosts file. If no hostname is given remove all known
Returns True if the given string is an IPv4 address False otherwise.
Get the name of a column. If the column is a string return it. Otherwise return
Check that the header is valid. Raises an exception if the header is not valid.
Shows the current user s information. This is useful when you want to show the current user
Convert a color string to a tuple of integers.
Get a memoized version of the file_map for a given node and its children.
Return a list of all the runnable payloads.
Limit the number of items returned by a marker. If the marker is not present in the
Return a boolean_ indicating whether the command is a smpl command.
Encode a single line of raw bytes with whitespace escaping.
Get the RRD from XenServer.
Run rsync on the current working directory and upload the contents of the project to the local
Returns True if point is after the current point False if point is before the current point.
Get windowanalyzefilegiventext from gcodetext and write to file.
Return the new derivation of the given element node.
Return a list of all IPv4 or IPv6 addresses that are not joined.
Add builddir to sys. path.
Return a list of all the volumes in the system.
Build a service manager for the given JID password and strport.
Command handler for quitting the bot.
Get a pack object by its reference.
Return a list of all files in a directory or a directory.
Unescape the given string and return it as a string. If entities is provided it will
Read the net_io counters from the procfs and return them as a dictionary.
Returns True if the current request has an associated site theme.
Check if a dependency is missing. If it is print the name of the missing dependency.
Returns a paginated list of objects based on the request. GET parameters.
Perform a fastboot on the device.
Returns a tuple of the country region and city from the given result.
Sends a password reset notice to the user.
Return a list of filenames that match the given text.
Return True if the font families are valid False otherwise.
Choose a random value from a list of strings.
Set a module in the modules. conf file if it doesn t already exist. If the
Return a list of all files in the directory.
Checks if the given email is a valid e - mail address. If not it returns a
Checks if the given path is a directory and if so prints a warning if it is a
Return data to the cassa columnfamily.
Check if a list of ints is a list of ints.
Check if record1 and record2 are pairs of strings.
Return the agentcheck class for the given check name and check_path. If the check
Get the class alias for a given class or alias string.
Returns True if the user is in interactive mode. Otherwise returns False.
Tear down all the databases in the old_config.
Get the size of the current process in the terminal.
Generate a new signature scheme for the given RSA key.
Generate a generalized integer.
Sends an email to the user that the progress of the rendering of a document is done.
Pretty - print the expression using pydoc. pager.
Get current language bidi.
Get the crop geometry of the video.
Check to see if fmdump is installed on the system.
Return the protocol to use based on the provider configuration.
Generate a key for a tile in a layer. The key is the name of the tile
Return a random value from the log of a uniform distribution between low and high.
Read a secret from a file. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Get a feedback message from a message_model.
Get the lumination change value for a given label.
Print the object in a super - style way.
Make a query to get the privileges list of a given object type from a given name.
Rename a file or directory.
Get a logger with the given name.
Disconnect all receivers of the given signal from all receivers of the given sender.
Validate that a string is a float. Raises ValueError if it s not a float.
Return a dictionary describing the search engine. The dictionary includes the version number of the search engine
Save an image to a file. The format of the file is determined by the last part
Start the scheduler. This function is called when the scheduler is started. This function should be
Return a list of messages from a given file.
Check if a header with the given name is present in a list of headers.
Check if a resource is concerned with a template. If so delete the resource.
Get a list of all volume attachments for a given project.
Converts an Excel row and column number to a cell string.
Load data from a file or file - like object into a Python object.
Parse an encoding from a file - like object. Returns None if there is no encoding.
Add a log level and a name to be used in the log message.
Return a list of module paths from the list modification of trailer1 and trailer2.
Decode an HDFS path into a unicode string.
Attach private projects of the same owner to the given queryset.
Display a list of files or folders for a given result type. If the result type is
Prepare the realm pattern to be used in the URL.
Example of how to upload a promo image with the same size as the original image.
A quadrilateral easeinout.
Add values to an array at a given index.
Check a list of paths and return a list of errors if any of the paths fail.
Returns True if the given name is a legal resource base name otherwise returns False.
Add a new task.
Guess the filtertable from the given MATS and MATSTO.
Produce a SAX representation of the given element or tree using the given content_handler.
Get the attributes of a machine in the virtualbox.
Urlquote a string for use with urllib. quote_plus and force_unicode.
Return a list of all available drivers.
Saturation strategy for the largest first node in a graph.
Return a function that returns True if the function returns False. If the function returns True the
Create a filter from a list of parts. If parts is None return basicserviceendpoint.
F4 function to print the values of num_. If t is True print the values
Example of how to connect to the InfluxDB server and write points to the database.
Convert a rating property to an integer field.
Finalize a process by waiting for it to finish and then waiting for it to finish.
Convert an integer into a hex string.
Process an xmlelement and add it to the appropriate function.
Print the state of a dag.
Return the hardware address of a given network interface.
Execute a pshell command and return the output as a json object.
This function is called after the build process is complete. It is called after the build process
Return True if the lock is not None otherwise return False. If lock is None return True
Include a Django template file with the given mako_context and return it as a string
Unlock a file. If the file does not exist it will be created. If the file
Get the contact type for the given user.
Wipe a device from the system. If the device does not exist nothing is done.
Restart all the httpd server.
Get a Zookeeper transaction for the given list of IP addresses.
Return the given location with the published revision.
Register a specialize object with the theano. compile. optdb.
Add the url_root to the url if the url does not have a scheme.
Test reading of Brainvision data using Latin1 and global units.
Test that make_morph_map works with sparse matrices.
Read a double array from a file and return it as a numpy. ndarray.
Check that the user is not in the home directory. If not raise a runtime error.
Delete an image from the database.
Write the output of the command to a file. If shouldanalyze is set to True
Initialize the trackermodule with the given state and return a new trackermodule
Test the quadrature of a chart and a set of data.
Multi - and - reduce the Fourier transform of input_fft_v and filters_
Create a new user and save it to the database. The primary group of the user is
Compute the eigenvalue of x with an optional alpha parameter. If alpha is not specified the
Tamper the given string payload.
Plot a list of images together into a single matplotlib figure.
Generate a new repository in the current minion s repo directory. If the repository does not exist
Return a REST controller that can be used to determine if the DVR needs to be saved
Reorder entries in topological order.
Find eggs in a zip archive.
Test fit sample with instance hardnessthreshold.
Create a shared array from an array of floatx values.
Return True if the value of the option is present in the options dict.
View all entries in the database. If no search_query is specified all entries are view
Renders the comments of a file attachment.
Implementation of the real_sign function.
Return a string with the default value of str_. If str_ is not in rc
Return a dict of the depth of each branch in a cluster.
Create a pyramid application from a list of services and a list of tns.
Encrypt a string using a key and return the result as a string. The key must be
Return an instance of the appropriate payload class based on the type of the payload.
Start the specified number of engines for the specified user. If n_engines is none
Register a verb in the storage.
Suspend to disk.
Return the credentials file. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Convert an IPv6 address to an IPv4 or IPv6 address.
Deploy a file from a jboss config to a jboss instance.
Test the global config of the chart.
Decode a hex string into a unicode string.
Load the CSS templates from the template_name field. If the template_name field is
Returns a list of editable comment fields that can be edited by the user.
Migrate the resource table from Hbase to HBase.
Get the revision number of the current repository.
Return a list of directories in the specified environment
Autoflush the logs buffer to the console. This is useful when you want to
Get the deployment id from the appcontroller client.
Test that update_set_last_sync_revision == store0. last_sync
Split an array into sections and return a new array. If the input array is not a
Reverses the alphabet of a string in the form of str_ where each character is
Delete a file or directory if it exists. If it does not exist nothing is done.
Parse an HTML file and return it as a plain text string.
Load the data into a pandas. recarray and return it as a numpy. ndarray.
Get the home directory.
Run a bare WSGI application in the context of a WSGI application.
Displays the given text in the form of a list of strings or a list of strings.
Return a generator for the group significance rows of a BIDS table.
Backup all the filters in the current cpplint state. This is used to restore the
Capitalize the first letter of each word in the name.
Command line entry point for the git - ls - tree command.
Parse a string into a struct.
Add a new item field to the tree.
getmatrixtetragridmatrix - get matrixtetragrid from matrixtet
Monkey - patches all methods and functions in a given module.
Set up the transport and notification transport for the OSLO messaging service.
Run a check on all instances in the confd directory.
Clear all currently installed samples from the configuration.
Raises a comma at the end of a logical line.
Get the crafted text from the given text. The crafted text will be
Return the vmodl type for the given name. If name is already a vmod
Check if a lock file exists for the given name.
Fetch a stream from the given URL using the given configuration.
Renders an error page with the given template. If no template is given the default template is
Return a list of xblocks that the user has access to.
Run a single test in a single mode. Return the exit code and the number of errors
Obl_cv_seq function. Returns a sequence of the Obl_CV
Create an option group from a group of options and a parser.
Provides access to the permissions for a given page. If the context does not already have a
Return the min sum of the cachedir. If the cachedir does not exist return a
Expand the dimensions of x along the given axis.
Delete a calendar from the database. If the number of events in the calendar is less than
Get information about a product in the cart.
Format a warning message.
A context manager that locks the given directory for a given amount of time. If the lock
Determine the correct pickle module to use based on the Python version of cpickle.
Create a document from the given vocab and words.
Generates a popular snippet of the given type and number. If no title is provided the
Compute the tridiagonal system of a triangulation.
Return a list of serial ports for the current platform. If sys. platform is str_
Run postbuild on the site.
Return a client object for the given address. The address can be a string or a socket
Destroy the reservation with the given uuid. Returns an error if the reservation does not exist.
Initialize the user s stylesheet in the profile.
Read the reject parameters from a. txt file and return a dictionary with the parameter names as
Unquote the given string and return it as a unicode string.
Return a generator that yields matches from the state s to the state n. If the state
Get the modification time of a file.
Read a block of data from a file - like object and return it as a string.
Add a list to the top of the list if it is larger than num_.
Return the gradient of the function f on the input vector v.
Get the demographic data from the S3 REST API.
Upload the distribution to the local filesystem.
Default error handler that returns server error as a dictionary and the error message as a string.
Return True if the given name is enabled.
Read UTF - 8 string from file and return as str.
Remove a set of volumes from the system.
Validate an opfjson value against the opfjsonschema. json file.
Require a command to be run on the browser. If the command is already run it will
Add a task to the taskqueue.
Load a trustroot from a directory containing PEM - encoded cacerts.
Return a tuple of the layer name and the number of the layer in the graph.
Decode a None value from the stream.
Get the solution of the S3 REST API.
Deserializes a JSON string or file - like object into an iterable of Python objects.
Process an XML element node and update the function with the return value if necessary.
Helper function to determine the device class by checking if the string is a valid device class.
Return a function from the theano module.
A behave - test task that runs a command in the context of the current Python interpreter.
Patch model. search_fields with new_search_fields.
Simplify a parser_return and return it as a node. If the parser_return
Load a configuration from a JSON file. If the file does not exist an empty dict is
Get the scanner for the given HASS instance and configuration. If the scanner is successful the
Create a file if it doesn t already exist.
Return a dictionary with all the keys and values of all the keys in the dictionary.
This is the main function of the program. This is the main function of the program.
Write an adminfile to the filesystem.
Format the final exception line.
Initialize the global policy enforcer and load rules from the policy file. This function is called
Stochastic Model Analal.
Release an attribute from the LSB.
Get a list of dictionaries with the most recently published exp_summaries sorted by first_
Get a new flow repository for the current environment.
Creates a new index from a protobuf.
Return a list of time slots for a given time period.
Load a model from the registry.
Check if a given environment variable is set in a given user s crontab. If not
Play a media list player. The media list player will be played when the media list
Set the version attribute of each element in the template.
Return True if the given name is not present in the registry.
Get the tricomplex matrix for a given set of transformwords.
Return the column width of the given text.
Check if a file looks like a tool. xml file.
Import all modules in topdir and return a list of imported modules.
Test the time of the chart.
Find the first extraneous whitespace in the given logical_line.
Delete the given uuid from the memcache. Returns the number of seconds deleted and a list of
Delete all pages but the specified pages.
Resize an image to maxwidth.
Create a path from a hatch pattern and a density.
Return a list of blockers for the given user.
Update symlinks in the cert manager based on the given config and plugins.
Test whether the raw data contains a certain type. This is done by detecting the types
Return a list of all of the plugins that are available on the web application.
Get the next URL from the request.
Get the metadata for a blob from the datastore. If the blob is not found return None
Get a list of page IDs that can be used to change the advanced settings of a site
Return True if minc is not installed.
Split a string into a list of tuples.
Returns a list of votes for a given user. The list is sorted by user name.
Convert a number to a text string.
Test that get_xdg_dir returns None.
Compute the log of the difference between two arrays.
Raise an exception if the given context is not an admin or a user context.
Test if a string is imported from a Gi2 repository. If it is importable
Create a new REST API with the given name and description. If the API already exists it
Remove the current session from the request.
Return a list of sublime regions underneath each other in a list of regions.
Tidy up a string so that it can be used as a string in a query.
Recursively copy files from source to dest.
Return the virtual name of this module.
report the screen name and the number of spams in the user s list of sp
Test install editable from Bazaar.
Delete a manifestation from the node state.
Walks through a list of JS scopes and returns a list of tuples. The first tuple
Parse a YAML string into a dictionary.
Patch the response headers to include the appropriate cache control headers if they are not already present.
Register a method to set the out_filter of a neighbor s out_filter.
Return the least common multiple of a and b.
If the input is a scalar convert it to a numpy array. If the input is a
Returns True if any point in loop is in pointtable otherwise False.
Get the pillar from the remote pillar cache or the local pillar cache if the remote pillar is
Get a list of incoming messages from the s3 database.
Set the version database for all content types in the database.
Add a server to the system
Escape a string for use in a URL.
Check if a document is locked by the given username. If it is locked by the given
Post a set of keywds to a database.
Checks that the given str_ is in the list of running apps but lettuce avoid
Convert two images into a tf. sequenceexample.
Test for try - except regression. If c is True return num_ if c is False
Restrict the forward to a given STC object.
Upload a file in the case of a file upload.
Return a list of edges from v to e where e is a list of edges from v
Gaussian spline function.
Generate triples from a csr_matrix.
Find all the skip methods in a given directory and return a dictionary of them.
Return True if the node is decorated with a property.
Return the rows of x that are not null.
Return a generator of distros for a given URL.
Create a new voucher and add it to the voucher s offer list.
Returns a vim. ClusterComputeresource object for the specified cluster in the specified datacenter.
Return the first host that matches the given name. If quiet is set to True it will
Set the value of the location option. If the value does not exist it will be created
Get a list of all instance types in the database.
Clear all sessions that are older than max_date. If dry_run is set to
Move a file or directory from src_path to dest_path.
Get the tricomplex rotation from the transformwords.
Convert text into an opcode.
Disconnect signals from the Entry model.
Wait for one or more spot requests to be fulfilled and return a list of instances.
Return the hash of a file in the local git repository.
Print the usage information.
Download an emoji from a static folder.
Get the scanner for a given HASS domain.
Return a list of all the forms in the current browser.
Return the location attribute of the accessed object. If the accessed object is an instance of str
Save an attachment to a file in the private storage. Returns the path to the file.
Mark a value as unsafe and return it as a unicode string.
Check if the user has permission to download changes for the given project.
Indent a block of text with a number of spaces at the beginning of each line.
Get a list of pyqt objects from a QObject object.
Extract the capabilities from the given text. If the text does not contain any capabilities an empty
Returns True if the given IP and alias exists in the hosts dict. If alias does not
Checks if an IP address is a public IP address.
Read a plist from a file or file - like object or file - like object.
Log a page hit to the access history.
Main entry point for the network module. This is the entry point for the network module.
Add veracover devices to the Hass instance.
Get the document and the fallback reason.
A function to test the exit status of a subprocess when the subprocess exits with an error.
Uninstalls a module from the parameters and options dictionary.
Return the shortest path from source to target in the graph g.
Upgrades the database to the latest version of the volume_type_projects table.
Compute the step function for a series of values. The values are sorted in ascending order.
Return a list of topics in prospective_search_admin.
Import an object from the given name_space and import_str in the given namespace.
Fix sys. path by adding extra_extra_paths to sys. path.
Add new_flags to flags and return the result.
Create a node with the given arguments.
Creates a cache security group.
Split a test name into a file path and a file name.
Returns the full URL of the current request.
Helper function to plot the boot trajectories at the given axis with the given color.
Return the current time in seconds since the beginning of the simulation.
Make a POST request to the given url with the given data headers cookies files auth and timeout
Square sort of an array of numbers.
Wait for all unfinished tasks in the queue to complete. If there are no unfinished
Rehashes a file with a given hash algorithm. Returns the digest and the length of the
Test that show_verbose_with_classifiers is called with the output of pip.
Returns a tuple with the extra message and the verb. If the extra message is a list
Release a reference to the media_player object.
Combines a list of details objects into a single list of details objects.
Convert an object to a column object. If the object is a string it will be split
Flush the state of a table. If the table does not exist it will be created.
Get the current size of the terminal.
Get the epoch time offset from the given file - like object.
Render a datetime as a string.
Detach acceptms originating from a packet.
Convert a QImage object to an Image object.
Split a string into a list of tokens.
Return a list of all scripts that are not system - specific.
Returns True if the given name is a valid visiblity name. If all is
Returns a view that displays a list of documents for a given product topic and subtopic.
Get proxy information from environment variables.
Set the utime of a file.
Return the path to the xtool.
Check to see if a dataset is already present in the volume list.
Run the testdoc command with the given arguments and options.
Decode a string from Python 2 to Python 3. This function is used to decode a string
Checks a condition against a given object. Returns True if the condition is met False otherwise.
Return a Hospital object for the LTC facility type.
Return a list of nodes in post - order.
Reset a user s password.
Generate an Odnoklassniki OAuth signature.
Dispatch a pre - compute expression to the pre - compute function.
Test to see that the strings in str_ are lexically equivalent to hyphens.
Process the tools argument and return a tuple of tool objects and a dictionary mapping tool names to
Return a list of IP addresses associated with the given host. If no nameserver is specified
Get the forecast for a location.
Get metadata from filename by regex.
Discretize an integral model using a 2d dblquad.
Parse the flags from the given source and return them as a tuple. If the flags are
Get an artist by its ID.
Check if the server is alive. If it is it will return True. Otherwise it will
Get the linkline from a line of a Wikilink file. The line is
Return a sub - term of a term with a term c at position i and a term
Consume messages from a multi - partition consumer. This is a thread - safe consumer.
Test for bernoulli vector reparametrization trick.
A context manager that adds a warning stream handler to the current logger and removes it from the
Acquire a connection from the client pool and return it to the client pool.
Test the constructor keyword args of a new slot.
Return a list of the names of the current window. If no root is given the default
Wait for a build on an object to complete. Returns True if the build was successful.
Convert an IP address to a string if it is a valid IP address. If it is
Return True if x is hashable. Return False if x is not hashable.
Parse a sudoku assignment string into a dictionary.
Check that all sources are valid for OpenOSX. If not raise an error.
Wait for a VB network address to reach a certain amount of time.
Create a new identity context with the given parameters. If no parameters are provided the default environment
Refines the transpose of the expression with respect to the given assumptions.
Given a profile name and a role name associate it with an instance profile. If the role
Connect to an EC2 instance in the specified region.
Process the else element node.
Filter out insignificant words from a chunk of words and tags.
Generate a signed JWT for the given service account file.
Get the VMDK size and properties of an image.
Given a model and a field name return a tuple of the attribute and the path to the
Parse the command line arguments and prompt for a password.
Return the variable - length integer corresponding to the integer i. If i is out of range
Register a handler for the given signal. The handler will be called when the given signal is
Test that set_source_model is the same as set_filter_model.
Load credentials from a file or file - like object. If the file does not exist it
Add a new access reference to a volume type.
Copy k columns from an array to a new index in the same order as the original array
Compute the 2 - norm of a matrix.
Install the xonshimporthook into sys. meta_path.
Return a list of dup quaternions from f to c. If k is a G
Copy a file from src to dst.
View function for editing a module s perspective. This function is intended to be used as a
Substitutes a string from the tempita module with the given context. If no context
Test for the transformation of str_ to num_ in the pypi. xml file.
Daemonize the current process by forking the current process and then closing the file descriptors.
Format the output of the firewall command into a dictionary of bools.
Calculate the cumulant from a set of moments and a number of moments.
Calculate the three way split indices based on the percentages of the size and the number of
Normalize a path to be used as a file path.
Return the monomial division of a and b.
Create a zip file containing all the selected journalist designations.
A function to destroy an image. The function will return a list of all image locations.
Extract images from a gzipped image file.
Test swap assignment.
Update the requirements in the project s requirements_path with the new requirements in the project s
Return a cycle from the given value to the end of the given list of arguments.
Parse command - line arguments and compare them with their names.
Delete a sink.
Get the parent and child from the given xpath name. If the name is not a valid
Read a record from a file and return it as a Python object.
Verify that the candidate is an implementation of the given interface. If tentative is True
Return the version of the salt - minion installed on the minion.
Get the name of a user in the system shadow. Returns none if the user is not
Log an error in the retry dictionary.
Get a policy by name. Returns None if the policy does not exist.
Return True if the string ends with a newline.
Construct an author2doc from a corpus and a dictionary of author - > document ids.
Get the viewing matrix of the GL context.
Read the end of an end - of - archive record from the file - like object fp
Nudge the dataset x and y by nudgeing the direction of each axis.
Generate an arc of the given radius between startangle and endangle with the given resolution.
Call the rar executable with the given parameters. If the rar executable is not installed
Authenticates the user based on the username and password. If the user is not found
Get the number of rows to skip from the given skiprows parameter.
Returns True if all number groups are present in normalized_candidate.
Get the absolute path to the plugins directory.
Returns a list of tuples with the IDs and names of all regions sorted by name.
Get a subset of super_set from bitstring.
Returns a callable that parses the given body as a urlencoded query string.
Create a new record in the resource_type with the given attributes in the sa table.
Validate that max_staleness is a valid integer.
Get the status of a command and return it as a tuple of the status code and the
Create a table of strings in the given workbook.
Import data from a file into a zone and return a dict with the data and whether it
Test that the tag dictionary is consistent with the number of elements in the tag dictionary.
Return a list of all the keys in the pillar
Generate a fontconfig pattern from a dictionary.
Lists all functional areas.
Set qresult hits based on hit_rows. If hit_rows does not already exist
Return a div with a label widget and a comment. If hidden is set to True the
Return a set of line numbers of multiline strings in source.
Calculate the q - statistical distribution of the data x and the number of observations.
Test pmf_hist_normalization.
Convert a string of keyword arguments into a dictionary.
Add fieldstodocumentpb from a list of field tuples to a document.
Standardize the name of a resource.
Convert a CooSeries to a sparse series.
Return the contents of the log buffer as a string.
Render an inline string into a context dictionary.
Read the Cinder configuration from the given config_opts object and return it as a dict
Iterate over the elements of a generator.
Test for the presence of multiple values in the platform config.
A plugin for the foldbrackets plugin. This plugin is used by the foldbrackets
Turn off the state of the minion. If the minion is running on the minion it will
Parse command - line arguments.
Convert a string to camel case.
Call a function with the given arguments and keyword arguments.
Validate a DMP file f and return a tuple of a tuple containing the value and the
Remove the last num_ bits from the end of a string.
Initialize the signal manager so that it can be used by other processes.
Get a list of relationships between two packages.
Returns the fixed IP address associated with the given host.
Create a stream logger with the given name and level. If no format_string is given
Return the backend URL for the given entry.
Convert a datetime object to a local time object using the timezone specified in the argument.
Parse a pattern from the source and return a branch object.
Dispatches the given hooks to the given hook_data. The hooks can be either a
Solarize an image.
Test the length of index dipoles in the dipole file.
Convert an XML tree to a dictionary.
Return a string that can be used as a cell range formula in Excel format.
Read all the tasks from the given paths and return them as a generator of Task objects.
Test IO layout lane.
Write the theme. xml file to a file - like object.
Set the value of a key in the config file. If the key already exists it will
Change the UID of a process. Returns True if the UID is the same as the current
Yields the whitespace around the operator in the given logical_line.
Show the details of a name in a book.
Enable the source with the given name. Returns True if the source is enabled False otherwise.
Returns the average of the elements in the input list. If there are no elements in the
Update the settings for a given section and option.
Send an e - mail to the user after a ticket has been purchased.
Return a string representation of the given object as a JSON - formatted string.
Get the auth info from the request. If the request contains a base64 encoded base64
Send an import email to the user after the import has been completed.
Setup the platform with Yahoo Finance data.
Return a color map for the given style.
Format a key_val into a slice object.
Expand an IPv6 address into a single IPv6 address.
Return a list of year stats for a given row of data.
Sets the current app as the current celery app.
Callback function for parsing a language string. This function is called when a match is found.
Create a thriftpy. ssl. SSLContext object.
A view that displays a list of the most recent tweets that have been answered.
Get the top - level directory of the current working directory.
Given a bucket name and a list of cors rules update the CORS rules for the bucket.
Returns the money in words for the given number in the given currency. If no currency is
A celery error handler that logs the error and raises the runtime error.
Send a translation dict to Frappe. local. response.
Delete a REST API by name and description.
Calculate the number of millesecs from the current epoch.
Return a debug representation of an object.
Return the content of the given URL as a string or None if the URL is not available
Run pylint against the given filename and return the output as a string. If options. show
Replace the const map item with a list of the same value.
Get the credential with the given id in the given tenant.
Returns True if b1 and b2 are broadcastable.
Check if there are pending reboot requests.
Unescapes all special characters in the given text.
Register an atexit function to be called when the process exits.
Register the canonicalization and specialize functions for the local optimizer. This can be used to
Generate a new id.
Fingerprints the given data into the given xml_parent element of the given registry.
Perform a HEAD request with the given uri and return the response headers as a dict.
Walk a directory and return a generator of all the files in the directory.
Returns the default locale for the given object. If the object is a Model instance it will
Change the quota size of the bpsmeter. Do not call this function directly.
Unsets the quota volume with the given name and path. If the volume does not exist
Get all repository dependencies for a given metadata_id.
Get the host from the request if it is not in the allowed_hosts list. Otherwise
Create a new figure manager given a figure and a number of figures.
Get information about a collection.
Convert a log file to a dictionary.
Check if filename ends with filetypedot and doesn t contain any of the words.
Replace old assump with new assump.
Create a debugger and register it in the given rpchandler.
Find the platform and atomic group of a host.
Get a list of properties of a managed object.
Returns an iterator over all the clients that match the given query.
Get the windowanalyzefilegiventext function for the given filename and gcod
Return a REST response for a campaign.
Return True if the given string contains the given key in the given text otherwise False.
Get a list of codes and timestamps for the current user. If no user is logged in
Return a name with suffix appended to the last part of the name.
Returns a redirect to the next URL in the request. If the fallback is not a safe
Parse a version string or a tuple of strings and return a Python version object.
Return the number of triangles in the creation sequence.
Print a debug error message to the user.
Escape a string so that it can be used as an HTML attribute of an HTML element.
Checks if the given filters are valid for the given model. If the filter is not valid
Returns a human - readable string of the number of seconds in seconds.
Get a list of all SQL datasource names and descriptions.
Generate a fast version of the model with the given output. The output is a list of
Optimize an angle so that it can be used as an angle in the range [ -
Returns a div object with the header for the given record. If the record is a station
Set the model dictionary to be used in the model creation and update functions.
Generate a random API key.
Logarithmic summation of the log - likelihood of a time series.
Check if the uploaded file is a public file and if so redirect to the canonical file.
Make a random binary detector layer with uniform biases.
Returns a function that can be used to embed shells. If no shells are provided
Return the position of the first occurrence of an eat between pos and pos + 1.
Return a dictionary of name = > value pairs from the given content.
Called when an error occurs during the application initialization.
Set a configuration option. If the option is not set it will be set to the default
Test for the presence of an app in test_apps. The test_apps argument is
Return a list of tuples of codename and permission strings.
Return a view of the origin header for the given request.
Check the lengths of the BCS fields in mapping_data against the lengths of the header
Process a queue of device - value pairs.
Set the value of the named property. If the property does not exist it will be created
Reset the built - ins directory to the default directory.
Test puts with encoding type none output.
Wrap a traceback in a tracebacktable and return a tuple with the original traceback and the traceback
Calculate the checksum of the given value.
Return the source code of an object as a string. If no file is given return the
Get the status of the course creator for a given user.
Returns a function that returns a list of recently viewed products for the given request.
Print information about a virtual machine in a human readable format. This is useful for debugging.
Encode a payload to LZ4 using the LZ4 - F algorithm.
Prompt the user for input and raise keyboardinterrupt if the user presses Ctrl - C.
Generate a demo dependency grammar from a string.
Deletes an extra spec from a volume type.
Guess the number of streams given a stream size. If size is a tuple or list of
Make a GET request to the Firebase API.
Delete the index for the given instance. If the instance is an instance of the class and
Get the frontover width and add the x - intersection indexes to the y - list
Decrypt a base64 - encoded ciphertext using AES - CBC and return the decrypted ciphertext.
Return true if f is irreducible p > = k. zero or false otherwise
Like shutil. copytree but hardlinks the source file to the dest file.
Test drop epochs for multiclass data.
URL - escape a value for use in a query string.
Ensure an event source mapping is absent.
Perform a benchmark of all the functions in the deferred chain.
Encode fields and files as multipart form data. Returns a tuple containing the content type and the
Returns True if the current user is an admin.
Show the details of a load balancer
Get a list of all item categories in s3db. supply_item_category.
Spell checker.
Returns True if enforced entrance exams is enabled or False if enforced.
Validate the given station string to make sure it is a valid station string.
Get minimum by vector3 path.
Decode a base64 encoded string into a Python object. If the base64 string cannot be
Publish a file from the source to the destination using the publish_programmatically function.
Update the proto library config.
Returns True if the engineservices running is True. Otherwise returns False. Raises runtimeerror
Install one or more pecl packages.
Test that the shell environment is the same as the one in the shell_env dictionary.
Get the element node object from the evaluated linkvalue. If the evaluated linkvalue is not
Returns a function that can be used to display a content type selection widget for a given region
Close all connections to the given database.
Remove all whitespace from statement. text.
Get information about a NVML device.
Find the path to the Git repository.
Parse a D - Symutil file and return a dictionary mapping symbol names to symbol types.
Return the expected value for a bar based on the asset_id date and colname.
Create a header object from a decoded sequence of strings.
Get the routing table for a given IP version.
Add a virtual host to the system.
Returns a refactor. refactoringtool object for the given fixers and options.
Return a list of format modules for a given language.
Parse the output of the solc compiler and return a dictionary.
Return the full path to the mrjob s python path.
Wait for a message to be present in the QU report.
Return a list of upstart services.
Get a list of all the releases for a given project in the github repo.
Return the ker_zeros function of a scalar.
Run the given upgrades on the given store. If the store is locked run_upgrades
Send prowl to sabnzbd. notifier. send_prowl
Take events from the queue and send them to the portfolio and execute them in the execution.
Check if G77 ABI wrapper needs to be used.
Dosubstitute the given name with the given context and call the callback with the result
Return True if item is a sequence.
Given a board and a set of queens place them in the board.
Clear the watcher for the given connection. This is called when the connection is closed.
Get a list of all IPv6 addresses on the link.
Returns true if string1 == string2 false otherwise.
Resolve a package name to a full package name.
Clear the cache for a given string.
Check if the element has a valid relationship.
Destroys the database and releases local resources. This is a no - op if the database
Assert that a function raises an exception if it raises an instance of the given class.
Updates the metadata of a snapshot.
Get the winning model id of a hypersearch job.
Set the layerrule of the given layer to the given rule. If rule is
Generate a gcode path.
Return the media url for a given path.
Kill all processes in the processtree with the given signal.
Register a new notification type with the Growl Notifier. If the notification type is
Get a list of groups that the user has access to for the given site.
Parse a list of linters into a list of tuples.
Returns the bind address. If no address is provided the current address will be returned. If
Returns the brightness state of the given value.
Return the cumulative sum of x along the given axis.
Generate a random graph with the given number of nodes and edges.
Set the default app to be used by the application manager. This is useful when you want
Return the first element in a sequence.
Remove the quotes from the end of the string.
Return the type of the given address or raise an error if it s not a string.
Clean up the i18n strings in the current working directory. This is done by running
Replace a function s globals with a new one.
Process an SVG element text node.
Set the old mode on the course enrollment object before saving it to the database.
Get the name and version from the name and version strings.
Return a list of functions for the given names and arrays.
Compute the GF diff between f and p and k using the GF algorithm k.
Test if value is an even number.
Return the sub - color of an IRC match.
Render the given template with the given context. If no context is provided the default context is
Project the day of the week to the current date.
Check if an IP address is in the subnet specified by the mask.
Cartesian product of s_list1 and s_list2.
Reindex all addon s reviews in batches of num_ reviews.
Return a list of all the XFS files in the system. This is a list of
Returns a JSON response with the list of tasks for the given entrance - exam in
Convert a tuple of mage HSV values to an RGB tuple.
Test the method of a ccall object.
Determine which buildbot runner to use based on the contents of the tacfile.
Return the kurtosis of an iterable.
Test tomeklinks fit with a single class.
Return a string representation of a bytes object.
Returns a list of range objects for the given header value and content length.
Return True if orig_prefixes is a subset of new_prefixes.
Test the condensed nearest neighbour estimator.
Test initialization of the high - order contractive autoencoder.
Format the position in the data string according to the position of the character in the data.
Parse a kexecutemsg message and return a tuple.
Read all images in a directory and convert them to uint8s.
Register the linux bridge driver with the driver capabilities registry.
Return the data from the url. If the data is not found return an empty dict.
Return a full match of the given pattern in the given string. If no match is found
Resolve the given URL relative to the current environment.
Return a WMC response for a given map.
Cluster a set of vectors using the specified method.
Creates an empty file named filename with the given string.
Return a matrix with rows of size n where each row is the diagonal of the matrix.
Get the SELinux filesystem path to the SELinux enforce file. If the file does not
Classify a set of images using the googlenet model.
Move the remote organization to the source of the social account.
Returns a tuple with a string and a tuple containing the string and the number of characters.
Update the flash parameters in the image based on the flash_header_offset and flash_
Given a project and a path return a resource or folder. If type is str return the
Converts a source file path to a string of text.
Rename src to dst. If src is a directory it will be deleted. If dst is
Check if a header is a hop by hop header.
Decode an error string from the arguments dictionary into a tuple of three strings. The first string
Render a list of templates using the given dictionary. If a dictionary is provided it will be
Import an image from a given uuid. Returns a dictionary of metadata about the image.
Cuda shared constructor for shared variables.
Test desaturation property.
Create a session for a given reply channel.
Instantiate a proxy tuple.
Build all the docs in a given branch.
Generate a nonce from a string s and a key.
Create a patchviewer that connects an image to an image with weight w2.
Send a putaway request to the server and return the result. If there is an error
Remove a service from the OGC catalog.
Make an inventory object from the given data.
Get a list of networks associated with a project.
Convert x to a sparse variable. If x is a gof. apply it will be
Compute the graph statistics for a given set of episode lengths episode rewards and timestamps.
Return a list of the center points of a polygon. If e is not provided the ecc
Convert a string array to a string array with the same shape as the input data.
Return the number of languages in the database that are not available in the given language.
Return the common dtype of the given columns.
Run all migrations on the server online.
Log the current request s hooks.
Set the active language.
Forgot password form submission. Sends an email to the user if the form is valid
Get the assignment type of a user group.
Entry point for the wsgiserver command line tool.
Render a CumulativeData object and return a CumulativeData object. The CumulativeData
Test rename channels.
Expands the given list of strings into a list of strings. If flist is None
Get the overhang support angle from an XML element.
Check if the netaddrworks with the given prefix length and version.
Get the name of the git repo from the given git directory.
Convert a value to a JSON string. If the value cannot be converted to a JSON string
Parse ACL V2 data into a dictionary. If the data is not a dictionary return none
Replace all educateellipses in a string with their original values.
Returns a list of all regions in the region group.
Set the default values for the connection and sqlite databases.
Skip if the string in abstfn contains a backslash.
Drop one or more fields from the expression. If the field is not present in the fields
Draw the jet colormap.
Return a tuple of unpicklestringi and the current position of the stringi.
Return a dictionary of the results of a given function.
Recurse through a dictionary and convert any unicode strings to unicode.
Optimizer for GPU Gemv and GPU Gemvs.
Normalize the server settings to be used in the server_config. py file. If the
Convert a list of revoked objects to a list of dictionaries.
Split an expression into two parts.
Returns a dictionary of basic values for the current user.
View a mass message in a mailing list.
Search for an item in the elastic index and return the results as a dictionary of dicts.
Return a JSON response with the given content converted to camelCase.
GITLAB hook helper. Returns a dictionary with the git repo and branch information.
Check if a sheet is writable.
Internal function to compute the next legen der.
Return a list of sysv services.
Setup all the virtualenvs in the packs base_paths. If pack_dir is
Return the version of the system.
Return the s3 rheader for a Nzseel record.
Return the version of the current system.
Check for deprecation of a property name and report a deprecation warning if the property is deprecated.
Associate a baremetal node with a baremetal instance and update it with the given
Process an element node and print its content and its attributes. If the content is longer than
Make a regular expression from a list of strings.
Render a cheetah template string with the given context.
Return the mac address of the current node. If no node is found None is returned.
Return the square root of n nearest to the square root of a.
Return True if the python module is installed on the system False otherwise.
Return a copy of the string s with all XML references replaced by _replallxmlref
Get the authentication password from the environment or the LDAP password script. If the password is not
Return an HTTP response with the number of events in the system.
Return the virtual name of this class.
Get the filenames and class names from the flower dataset_dir.
Shows the uptime of the machine in seconds since the last boot.
Release a reference to a libvlc instance.
Get an attribute of the object. If the attribute is not defined raise an attributeerror.
Convert a domain name to a filename.
Test for dimensionless conversion of unit num_ to si.
Convert a path to an absolute path. If the path is relative it will be relative to
Transform a numpy array to a list of strings.
Write a gcodetext to a file. If gcodetext is not specified it will
Paste a gunicorn server to a gunicorn. app. pasterapp
Run a status check for a given object.
Return a list of discrete attributes in the given domain.
Return an instance of the instanceaction API class.
Wrap the results into a numpy array of the given dtype.
Validate that the format is valid.
Return the maximum file descriptor allowed for the current process. If no file descriptor is allowed return
Split a set of training and test instances into train and test sets.
Serialize a tar_info object into a tuple.
Factory function for the org organisation controller.
Returns a string with the lowest priority.
Searches for a host in the inventory and prints the results as a JSON object.
Write a string of text to a file. If filename is not specified the string will be
Set the stock basics to the database.
A callback for the audio stream clock when a movie is played. This is called when
Create a new instance of cls with the same attributes as obj.
Return a list of upgrades available on the minion.
Initialize pyo with the given rate and number of channels and buffersize and duplex
Get the document node for the given filename.
Build a URL for a given route.
A view that redirects to the user s info page when the user is logged in.
If the password is not None and the password is not encrypted return it. Otherwise return it
Return t with value converted to float and return t unchanged.
Add the pillar faces by looping through the given list of indexed loops. If the list is
Return the docstrings for the given path.
Calculate the CLDR modulo of a and b. If a is less than b a is
Build a generator that will not log to the container s log driver. This is useful for
Update a model instance if it has changed.
Sample from the standard normal distribution.
Returns the extent of the first occurrence of a phrase in a list of tokens.
Check if module_name is a package.
Build a M3U filename from the given basename.
Test whether the source date is in the current epoch.
Get the SSH configuration from the remote host.
Validate a circular reference to an instance.
Returns a random integer of length n with bits set to 1.
Create a routes. mapper from a dict of route - > route - > route - >
Load a pickle file from a file path and return it as a Python object.
Return the det_minor of the matrix m.
Test the structure of erfa. apci13 and erfa. atciqd.
URL - quote the given URL. If safe is set to str_ it will be converted
Default on_success handler that stores the OpenID response in the session and returns a redirect to
Start scanning photos in the database.
Sort the items in a dictionary and return a string with a comma separated list of the items
Authenticates an LTI user. If the user is not authenticated it will be created
Returns True if n is a prime of k. If n is less than k returns False
Delete a chain from a NFTables table.
Parse an ignorable string.
Escape all non - alphanumeric characters in the given text.
Rebuilds the moduletocache from the generated files. If verbose is set to True
Loads fixtures from the fixtures_base_path and returns a dict of the loaded fixtures.
Find the appropriate finder for the given path.
Encode the input stream into the output stream with the given encoding.
Expands all brackets in a string into a single string.
A template tag that renders a string without parameters. This is useful when you don t want
Select the icon of the given option in the given path. If the option does not exist
Generate a demo verbose rule format string. This is useful when you want to print out a
Setup the platform with the given configuration and add the devices to the HASS device manager.
Attaches epic statuses to a queryset.
Test that feature_finder_finds_all_feature_files_within_a
Return a view of the calendar for a given public_id.
Deletes one or more blobs from the blobstore.
Return a list of all networks in a given instance.
Test that get_new_command returns the same command as get_new_command.
Return a list of all the types of a pattern.
Get the command line arguments from the command line and ask the user to enter a password.
Load the data from the endog file and return it as a dataset object.
Set the extension of an S3 URL. If no extension is specified the current extension will
Return a etcd connection object for the given profile or None if no such connection exists.
Ensure that trans is a valid transform.
Check compatibility with the loose version of the server and the pymongoversion of the
Write the static group mapping to a file in the given path.
Test for fatal errors in Python 2. 7 and above.
Returns a taxed priceinfo object for the given item and priceful object.
If p is a tensexpr return its canonical form. Otherwise return p.
Return a list of tokens for the prompt. This is used to get the current time of
Create a new user list in Sailthru. Returns True if the list was created
Attach user story extra info to a queryset.
Return a list of manifest files for a given extension.
Run a command and wait for it to finish.
Get the translatetetragrid of the element with the given prefix.
Return a hash of the contents of the file at the given path. If no digest is
Register the OVS driver with the capabilities module.
Remove an item from the media list.
Set the action of a form.
Convert a string to an integer or a float.
Set the color map to the viridis color map of the current color map.
Create a field that specifies the primary key of the model.
Return a list of changes that need to be made to the current instance and the state.
Given a policy name delete it. Returns True if the policy was deleted False otherwise.
Fit a neighbourhood cleaning rule to sample the nearest neighbors of x and y.
Customise the org_resource table fields according to the given method.
Read a list of fragments of a given size and length and return them as a list of
Format a size into a human - readable string. If size is none return a string with
Send a list of mails to the server.
List samples by user and meter.
Convert bytes to unicode. If value is a bytes object convert it to unicode. If value
Create a route for the common place view.
Encode a Morse - style string into a Morse - style string.
Clear all data from the system. Returns a boolean indicating whether the data has been cleared.
Run the Horcmgr function on the given instance and return the result.
Test that show_with_files_not_found is called when a file is not
Download youtube subs and store them in the youtube_sub. yml file.
Start the notification server if it is not already started.
Returns a response with an iframe close tag. This is useful when you want to close an
Open an explorer file in the current working directory.
Get a dependency graph from a list of packages.
Test output with success - colorful newline.
Return a list of all databases in the database specified by user password host port and authdb
Rename files in a folder that are similar to the given name.
Parse a query string into a dictionary. If keep_blank_values is set to True
Get the number of merged PRs between two refs.
Return True if all keys in source are present in comparee. Otherwise return False.
Get the pack object from the index. If the pack is not found raise an error.
Filter products by the given user.
Sanitize a base32 string to make it safe to use as a base32 string.
Test if there is a replay file in the replay_test_dir.
Compare baseline images with freetype version and plot them in a tight layout.
Parse the type of an attribute from an arff file.
Parse a Roman number from a string.
Construct a proxy for a multi - instance constructor.
Register a logging handler that will be called when the user logs to the console.
Set the disk timeout in seconds for the given power scheme.
Return True if the given command is available on the system. If the command is not available
Return the log - norm of the dirichlet concentration.
Get a file - like object from a file - like object or a file - like object
Generate a property from a template and return it as a njit object.
Revokes a certificate from a project.
Unquote a JSON document and return it as a Python object.
Fibonacci number generator.
Add a point on the path if it is not already there.
Convert an etree element to a queue object.
Remove the article from the given text and return the result as a string.
Example of how to draw a tree from a string. This is a simple example of how
Get a list of epochs from the FITS file.
Checks if request user is admin if user query param is provided. If not raises accessden
Create a CSS gradient from a base color and a stop and final stop qpoint.
Verify that the virtualenv is up - to - date and has the correct requirements.
Display a string in a pretty - printed format.
Remove a persistent module from the modules. conf file.
Return the standard deviation of a given property of a given number of observations.
Temporarily change the current working directory to the given directory and restore the previous working directory
Load a YAML file from a JSON file path.
Returns a cstringio. stringio object with the given title appended to it.
Return the full path to a photo file.
Rolls back the current state of the installer to the latest state.
Add traits to the given base object.
Default render failure handler for csrf_exempt and csrf_exempt_exempt.
Get the genesis fixture from the fixture_path and return it as a byte string.
Test lex expression with float value.
Decipher a string or a list of strings with a given object ID and generation number.
Return a string representation of a dictionary of column values.
Check if a point is inside a polygon.
Get the return data type of a function.
Convert a string to a unicode string. If the string is None return a unicode string.
Shut down the master process.
A function that returns a function that returns a dictionary of the attributes of the given object.
Return the PID of the parent process of the current process.
Log all files in a task.
Convert a text string to a QColor object.
Download a file to a temporary location.
Return a list of the lines of a file in the same directory as the file itself.
The main entry point for the celery command line tool.
Return a list of rooms for the current session.
Create the ports tree.
Add a track to the list of tracks that match the given search criteria.
Create an entity_pb. entity_group from a query and a list of path elements
Displays a contribution for a given addon. If the addon s suggested_amount attribute is set
Checks if the logical_line does not match import_translation_for_log_or
Discretize a bilinear model using a 2D meshgrid.
Return a timezone aware version of the given value. If use_tz is set to True
Convert a list of ControlTuple objects into a list of encoded ControlTuple objects.
Get the username and UID of the current process.
Return the XML root close tag.
Get the experiment description and modelcontrol from the given directory.
Returns a string representation of the given number of hours in minutes.
Show details of a single server.
Set the log methods for this class.
De - indents the docstring of a function.
Return a list of the elements in seq1 that are not in seq2.
Convert a string to a byte string.
If the user is a global staff and the user is not enrolled redirect to the global
Get the limit for the number of connections shared memory.
Start all the engines that match the given options.
Poisson probability of probability of probability of probability of probability of probability of probability of probability
Get or create an identifier for the given node.
Load a shapely texture from a file. The filename is the path to the texture
Return a list of tuples of keys and values from a dictionary. If use_random is
Get the base path of the project.
Get a list of all the meta fields for the current user.
Test that a file is unicode. This is done by running a cell magic test on the
Call a function in the app. If the function fails log the error and return False.
A view that displays a log message in the log buffer. The log message will be displayed
Open a log file and return a file - like object. If the log file already exists
Get the current git changeset from the git log.
Split the asset mappings into two columns. The first column is the asset name and the second
Delete a key from the key store. If the key does not exist it will be created
Test hdf5 design matrix.
Test that the basic pip script is available.
Run a proxy post with the given str_ as the body of the request. This is
Print a list of strings.
Add a host key to the user s SSH directory. If create_dir is set to
Get information about a server certificate.
Return the disk type for a given VM.
Assert that multi - index is product of levels.
Select a joystick from the list of joysticks.
Returns a tuple of the text box and the length of the text in the text box.
Duplicate a list of polynomials and expand them into a list of polynomials.
Checks if a database with the given name exists. Returns True if the database exists False otherwise
Return the path to the state file.
Exit the system with a maximum number of destroy actions. If there are more destroy actions than
Get the polar motion at a given time.
Test to_hdf_link_optimizations.
Adds a noidle command to prevent a timeout from being sent to the client.
Check if there are any failed releases for a given release size and provider.
Make a naive datetime. datetime object from a datetime. datetime object and a timezone object.
Convert a URL to a file path.
Convert a datetime object to a number of microseconds.
Return a list of all loaded names in a code object or any of its sub - classes