Fill x and verify its shape matches the kernel shape.
Build a tree structure from a queryset.
Unserializes a packer dictionary.
Takes a step stderr path and returns the step stderr path.
Return a random integer between 0 and n.
Check if x is a sparse variable.
Sets up the buffer sizes
Assert that the vi editing operation is Blocked.
Scale the given time_seconds_arr to the given unit.
This is a test function that checks that the environment variables are the keys of the keys of
A contextmanager that loads and loads the given plugins and restores the given context manager.
Creates a directory with the name str_.
Return True if str_ is in salt else False.
Decorator function to check if a function is expected.
testremotetopo.
Returns the user s profile if it exists otherwise create it if it does not exist.
Configure the hostnames in the config.
Generate a hashed thumbnail name.
Create or update a single document in the database.
Helper function to validate a list of requirements.
Fetch one value from cursor. dict
Returns a file name and a file name from a module path.
Returns a response message from the socket.
Filter a dictionary of parameters to a list of strings.
View for treeio login requests.
Removes trailing lines from the end of a list of lines.
Create an effect for a comment.
Given a model and field_name return a list of all the parts of the field.
Return True if text is valid False otherwise.
Assert that the index of the str_f is the same as the index of the str
Run the command line interface.
Writes a string representation of an instance of a class.
Runs the hook. command function.
Create a subscription for a topic
Return the inverse of a clause.
Get the virtual interface with the specified id.
Returns the details of the module s version of the Lambda function.
Return the total number of bytes of a header table.
Fix the indentation of the given code to new_indents.
Parse the given iterable of lines and return an alignment.
Converts a string into a list of line numbers.
Helper function to get the link information for a interface.
Resolves the current context s color to the default value.
Creates project objects from target_list and target_dicts.
Return the index for a module.
Clear the cache of the fsb cache
Returns the HTTP route for the given string.
Returns a list of all the variables in the current module
Called when the application is installed.
Load PEM from contents.
Create a temporary directory.
Registers the given class as a manager for the given class.
Return a sorted list of unique values.
Function to get the list of authors in the XMLRPC database.
Converts a filetime object to a timestamp.
Find a command in the system
if t is a compound then return the new construct of t. arg if t is a
Checks if the project is installed by package control.
Convert a string to a date and a notes string.
Get all snapshots for a project.
Performs a push operation on obj. do_push and obj. do_push.
Set a key s value
Setup the Dteenergy bridges with the given name and IP address.
Export a library to XML.
Gets the version project configuration.
Assert that the script doesn t accept the string str_ in its stderr.
Concatenates a sequence of elements.
Helper function to send a file to a server. Returns a boolean value indicating whether the server
Get the MySQL error and remove it from the context
Close the global state.
Get the maximum length of a path and a point
Returns True if there is a semanticfeasibility between g1_node and g2_node
Encodes the certificate and writes the signed certificate to a file.
Set the environment to use.
Gets all volumeglance metadata.
Return a list of roots of a function using the Cultotomic polynomial.
Load mappings warnings in the intersphinx config.
Generate unique permutations of a sequence of integers.
Splits the creation_sequence into a list of strings where the first element is a string
Return a formatted string of the fieldvalues of the event.
Renders a block block.
Gets the http data from the stack trace and stores it in the data dict.
Get the offset of the given timezone.
Print an error message to stderr.
Sort and count the elements of a.
Remove the database file and all its contents.
Clean html.
Executes a task by the given task info and dumps the result.
Set the fs_home in the os. environ or os. environ.
Return True if s is a string - like expression.
Checks if the user is healthy.
Return a list of nodes with information about the nodes
Get the name of a package.
Return a string representation of the value.
Create a fakeorm instance and cache it.
Return the number of nodes in the cluster.
Convert a value into a timestamp.
Plot a random image and a patch.
Check if a file exists in the given environment.
Get the category by id
Attempt to retry the django invite process.
Get a message
Dumps the given mrjob configuration to the given file - like object.
Update an account
Make sure the two KEen schemas match.
Return the virtual name if the name is a virtual name
Estimate the value of the gaussian covariance term based on the mean covariance term.
Get the precision of an element node.
Returns the diff expression of the current branch
Check if a user has a certain role.
Get the source code of an object.
Check if this is a virtual machine
Compute the evoked data from an array of events.
Makes sure that the fixture is present in the po directory.
Authenticate the given HTTP flow.
Returns True if s is a string that starts with str_. Otherwise returns False.
Get tab registry
Runs the test setup and asserts the stdout lines of the test.
Writes the entries in the given journal to the given path with the given format.
Test issue118 prefix reorder.
Print the indices of the words that match the query.
A generator function that yields the crawl results.
Split a domain into domains by split_label.
Returns a list of all enabled services
Gets the importer for the given path name from sys. path_hooks
Returns a tuple of the bool_ and the string_powerpath if the string_power
Returns rebulk rebulk rules
Returns a vector of values that are the rastrway -skew count of the individual
Return the new Treerepository object.
Enforces a given action in a given context.
Check the CRC of an input check.
build a simple tree
Convert an instance ID to an EC2 ID.
View function that handles a login required to edit a service.
coalesce the options to the specified types
click. group
Test that the scenario tables are accepted by the outlines.
Converts a namespace to a regular expression.
Gets the session credentials.
Create a new figure manager.
Helper function to check the return value of a function.
params_to_in function.
Reads and asserts the names of the tables in the EDF file.
Take the first n elements from the given iterable.
Replace the register number with the register value.
Reads the rle - bit - packedhybrid of a file - like object.
If the home_page is in the database then set the value of the home_page
Create a temporary file and start the lazy process.
Emit a line that is unformatted.
Get the request body.
Classify k - nearest labels to new_point.
Internal function to set up the bem.
Creates a password with the specified salt.
Resolves the page context from the template or the content of a page.
Write a sequence of images to a file - like object.
Write the hyperlinks of a worksheet.
Checks if the first fastq line is a CASS version. Returns True if
Returns a list of imports of the given module as pyextension.
Converts a hex color to an RGB color using the Hextocie 1931 algorithm
Enforces domainsanity.
Helper function for _compoundmodelmeta. _from_ operator
Loads the description file from the given directory.
Return the count of words in a string.
Retry on instance update.
Compare info1 and info2 by index ind.
Sets the connection info to the registry.
Get text from all files in a directory.
Parse the range header.
scrubshare a new instance of a class.
Creates the necessary directories for the library dependencies of the recipe.
This function is used to execute a bing image hook.
Prompt the user to input an artist name or an album name.
Get the string label of a dictionary of labels.
Returns a tuple of the fallback document and the fallback reason.
Remove a read - only file.
Get layer variables by name.
Return a tf. tile with the specified number of dimensions.
Convert a datetime. datetime object to milliseconds since the epoch.
Returns a requests object with the user and host set in the requests object.
Read count bitpacked values using the deprecated bitpacked function.
Check if the table is in the expected format and raise an error if the table is not
Add a marker to the list of manualpois that match the specified filters and markers.
Returns whether or not the user has initialized the configuration.
Moonishes a given string in the form of a Moonish test
Replace str_ with str_ if str_ is in path.
Creates a test function that require that the property has a value of false_primitive_.
Detach a set of devices from a VM.
Test function that checks if the module is active.
Use the HTTP Basic Auth header if available otherwise use the HTTP Basic Auth header if available.
Return a random UUID object
Yields words from a file.
This function creates a test fixture and saves it to the database.
Returns a temporary file of the arbitrary address for a given family.
Get the usage of a disk.
This is a test that extracts a zip file without verbose mode.
Delete all openflows
Get the geometry corresponding to the negatives and posatives of an element node.
Make a test filename based on the given filename and extension.
Colorize a string.
Render a direct response to the given template.
Gets the rotation of a string
finish the task associated with the current task.
Returns the file extension.
Apply a linear interpolation to the artifact data.
Prompts the user for input and returns the input if the number of input is greater than
This is a test for batch_normalized_mlp.
Writes the first line of the given string to the given file.
Encode the given data as a JSON string.
Create an environment for the virtualenv.
Splits a string into its constituent part and returns it as a list of strings
Returns the filename and line number of theraising file and line.
Return True if the platform is little endian False otherwise.
A helper function to set the default value for httplib. _maxline.
Returns the context function for a list of documents.
Returns a list of notifications for each module in config. notification_count is the number of
Returns a list of all the resource pools associated with a service instance.
Return a deferred that will fire with the result of a poetry request.
fake_loads_json_error function that raises json. jsondecodeerror.
Shortcut for the double redirect view.
Return a list of keywords from the given lexer.
Return a random messageid
Returns a response with the test_ was_secure_request field set tosecure.
Add email to community queue.
Returns True if the redeemed invoice is blocked False otherwise.
Find the element with the given css selector.
Update a certificate
Create a new element with the specified tag and attributes.
Process an XML element.
Ensure an object with the specified name does not exist
Runs pip with a list of find_links find_links and find_links in
Submit a unit s plural form to the testing database.
Evaluate the source code and return the value of the node.
Computes the convex hull of two 3D points using the Minkow
Try to parse the XML and return the error value or sys. exc_value.
Compute the list of allowed methods for a resource.
Check for events in a given fd.
Function to test elemwise elements.
Loads all the plugins in the system.
Get the first number in a particular date.
Create a list of RGB color strings.
permission_required decorator for document deletion.
Try to convert the value to an int. If the value is not a string try to
Register this checker in theinter.
Return a copy of the given translation with the given x and y translation.
Dump a sequence of hex values into a sequence of hex values.
Make a new chain for a specific table
Update the metadata of the disk cache.
Stop a session for module number. If module is a string and number == - num_
Setup the bixsky platform.
Checks that the password is hashable. Returns True if the password is not hashable
Create a graph in dot language.
Return the value of the argument of a binary quadratic function.
Register a mapping type by name.
Functionality that requires the application to be running.
Computes the shape of the dot product of two vectors.
Display the list of possible completions using the line - based completer.
Returns True if the course_key is accx course
test for json_view. error
A contextmanager that restores sys. stdout and sys. stderr to their original values.
Performs a GET request and returns the contents of the response.
Simulates k nearest neighbors and predicts the number of failures
Returns a list of the plugins that are available for the given community.
Returns the filename of the pc settings file.
Run the feature runner with the given setup and teardown state.
Register a simple pagination query string.
Returns the full path to the auto - configd file.
Generate a Garch model.
Deduce helpful message for a given requirements file.
Runs the test and assert_stdout_lines_with_failful_colorless
Remove multiple arrays in the given code.
Return the file s size in bytes.
Find the first option in argv that is in short_opts long_opts or long_
Writes an example config to a file.
Evaluates a Poisson PMF.
Check usage ofsurf2bem
Get the measure from the argument.
Internal function to check the response of the angle command and raise an operationfailure if needed.
range of 4 elements
Return a human - readable string representation of an ID.
Returns a list of the topics in the given course.
Decorator function decorator.
Deletes the given keys for the given Qosspecs.
Query for allactivities that belong to a particular user
Returns a JSON - formatted whitelist of the reply
Return the values in acs that match the name of any of the required or optional options
demos that are not in the demos table.
Upgrade the old SQL table to the new one.
Create a trace of the given operator.
Wrapper around subprocess. Popen.
Save a draft on the remote account
Parse the netstat output from a salt command
Redirects to the user if the user is logged in. If the user is not logged
Runs a sudo command on the specified host using the specified options.
Returns a tar of the files in the specified directory that match the specified expression.
Prepares the URI for bearer requests.
Test function for consistency ofcpu in parallel.
Test function for min_zero.
Returns a list of lists of the categories in the site.
Returns the jumptop review window.
Add a new rule
Create a new stream.
Logs a message at the specified log level with the specified error t and obj.
The main loop that runs the commands in the command line.
Get the parent PID of a given process.
Plot the raw onscroll event.
Return the groundmonic part of the gradient of f u from u and k.
Decompose a function into its right and left decomposition.
Checks if the given path is a package.
Entry point for the wireup CLI.
Reads the numa_maps. txt file from the numa_maps. txt
Convert a timedelta to a number of minutes.
equal to _url_to_local_path
Map t. value to string_ ; t. type is str_ ; t. value
Return the path of a URL.
Setup the simulated data before the simulated data is stored.
Take the first n elements of a sequence.
Assert that the ax is a list of axes.
Returns a sorted list of the lens in the file
Run a test editor for collection s test data.
Redirect to url with str_ in it
Same as itertools. star star starmap_longest but with the optional fillvalue argument.
Returns the base path for a pack name.
List all the hosts for this VMware environment
Computes the batch detector of a given an array.
Returns a project object for the specified resource.
Return a random slice from a slice.
Return the seconds of the uptime in seconds.
Combines two flaky annotations into a single one.
_unpublish_ activity for a collection.
Removes all roles for a tenant user.
Call a JSON RPC method from the client.
Computes the path of a segment from a point to a center point.
Returns the contents of the resolve file.
Assert that num_ and num_ are equal
Creates a blockdevice volume object from an EBS volume object.
Check if two meshes are the same mesh.
Performs a suggestions for a unit. Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the user can
Return the size to use or raise acloudnotfound exception
Lower the built - in array type into the lower built - in type.
Test constructor for nearmiss.
Return the virtual name
Return True if the current language is in one of the languages in settings. languages_b
Return the encoding of the output stream.
Try to get the label from plist except keyerror
Command to create a new entry in the database.
Get a configuration variable and fallback if the value is not None.
Rollbacks of an existing reservation. This is done by calling impl. reservation_ rollback
Check if the specified version of Keystone is available.
Downloads objects from a container.
shelved server.
Assert that the opened help link is correct.
Set the canvas to the current canvas.
Determine the git directory for the given path.
Returns a dictionary of parameters to pass to the pagination function.
Assert that str_ is a string
require a fixture of the given afrikaans.
Return the total memory of the system.
Group results by video.
Returns the name of the virtual implementation of this provider.
Parse an HTML tag tag string.
Run the reactor in the main application.
Adds a new mail to a user.
Create a termcolors style.
Convert an integer to a string.
Return an iterator over the values of a dict of lists.
Add patchverts to a string.
Convert a string to an int.
Simplify the dimension of an expression.
Encode a value into a varint.
Test that a migration supports a translated field.
Perform osquery on the given table and attrs.
Create an argument for a live migration command.
Returns an instance of the Luicivson class which is an instance of Lu
Flush theorm profile to the database.
Make a CCTF file name for the given directory.
Allows a user to access the course at the specified level. If send_email is
Remove the specified roles from the specified user in the specified database
Returns a list of clusters in the specified datacenter
Register handler for VCS keywords.
Make a uniform linear layout of points
Yield successive n color tuples from 0 to n.
Gets the list of ACL groups matching the filter data.
Yields a list of tokens from a given line.
Get a nonphylogenetic metric by its name.
Turn a string into a urlparse. parse_qsl object.
Remove stopwords from a list of tokens.
Determine if the given shell is an interactive python shell.
Get the swap size
Delete the given file or symlink.
Generates the URLs for the given part of the document.
Executes the given script in the given environment with the given arguments.
Return True if the value is a list of strings.
Return the accepted pre and rejected files for the raetkey.
Assert that the keys in the dictionary are in the given set of strings.
check if string is a float
Convert a sparse vector to a one - dimensional boolean.
Cache on arguments for the region.
Registers a new user
Syncs the contents of the given intent to S3.
Determine if a node is an inverse pair.
Get the last account for a nick.
Check if an object is an undefined object
Executes SQL query against the database. Returns the result of the SQL query or None if
Returns a catalog object by name.
Test if an array contains inf
Find the sentinel for a given file.
Returns the default unit format for a given config.
Yields a generator yielding items according to the specified format.
Rollback the transaction.
Print the total count and total count for all results.
Return True if the node is a super node.
Normalizes a mode string.
Get the priority value of an element.
Returns the human readable representation of the given date.
Parse an egg_info. txt file.
Returns a pathspec object for the Winget raw device at the specified path.
Resize an image from the given base64 source to the given size.
Unregisters a previously registered handler for ident.
Wrap a command in a shell - wrapped string.
Update the volume metadata.
Extract a value from a dictionary.
Get the geometry of a sideloop in the loop where xmlelement is an instance of
migration for search
Connects the signal str_ to app. quit and sets the reactor to stop.
A user structure.
Returns a list of table names
Validate options.
Generate a random choice tensor.
Assert that two arrays are the same type.
Context manager that yields a temporary file and then deletes it.
Unpack a string into a number.
Fills an array with the data at the head of arr.
Generates a 2D grid of points that will be generated by the points generated by the
Reload the configuration from the minion
Reset the quota.
Return a list of entry points that can be loaded by entry_point.
Return a list of n number of colors.
Computes the Cheb1ap index
Splits an estimator into train and y subset by indices
test for int x_labels
Converts the input data to the given output format.
Runs the self - test metric.
Return the name of the virtual environment
clipped object if it is a dict or string.
Returns True if the repository has the previous reviewed revision of the given changeset.
Returns the global user_base.
Validate that value is a regex.
Attach a volume to a data center or server.
Clean up the caller s caller s temporary directory.
Test function that checks that the string_ in the file is in the ms_fname.
Write a chaintext with nounmessage message to a file.
Shuffles a list of random numbers.
Yields num_epochs batch iterator.
Format the changes dict into a human - readable string.
Require the context to delete the cached instance info cache.
Get the attributes flag.
return a list of indices from a string
Returns a view function to ensure a cookie is present on the view
Return True if text is valid False otherwise.
Returns a context function that adds a resource to a context.
Prompt the user for input and return the result.
Registers the user to the s3rest controller.
Test marshmallow schema.
Check to see if an instance profile is associated with a role.
Get the text for a given file in the given list of procedure names.
get the cgroup mountpoint
The main entry point for the application.
Returns the string representation of the given datetime object.
Returns a list of managednode objects for the given addresses.
Print a tag to out.
Convert a symbolic matrix to a numpy matrix.
List all the VMs in the virtual machine pool.
Remove a block from the network
Make a resource from a string.
Return the zone name for the specified zone name.
Return True if resource1 is inside resource2.
p_binary_expression_2 - > p_binary_expression_2 - > p_
Reads the string from the persistent store.
shell - escaped characters in string
urllib. quote a string
Convert numpy array to dummy data
Convert a string to a boolean.
Finds a. tex file and returns its contents as a string.
Serializes and serializes the request body and sets the content_type to str.
Returns info dict if the user can download the info_dict and if the user can download
Helper function to package a tarball into package_out.
Unpack an IP string into an integer.
Runs the command to convert the command to str_.
Disable availability zones.
Calculate the cpu percentage of the given function.
Make decl for C ++ declaration based on loop order and dtypes.
Task decorator that checks if a release with the given string is needed.
CLI option for the manager.
Add two numbers.
Register the inclusion tag for the given string.
Get the full group type by ID.
Render a template with the given context.
click. command.
Print decoders and their description.
Check if a service is a service.
Checks if the y is of a particular type of target and raises a valueerror if
fit a function to a set of points x and y and return the parameters and pcov
Check that a simple NetCDF file has the same history and units.
force a single job
Run a vagrant task.
Create a dictionary of option values for an optionable.
Test scenario with hash within single quotes.
List all qthreads
This function takes an image and returns a 2D numpy array that represents the normal mode of
Write text to the status line.
Delete a repository.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the address is a valid IPv6 address.
Get the value of a read s x and y.
Decrypt data with an expanded key.
Return a socket. socket instance for addr.
Set Windows proxy settings for the given server and port.
Convert hex values to hex values.
Returns a list of revision dicts for the package with the given id.
Save photos for a user.
This is an example of the commands function.
Update the version in the database.
Make a unique id for a cloud instance.
Remove all files in the database.
Checks the connectivity of a cluster.
Initializes a module.
Find all occurrences of pattern in string starting at pos.
Return a string filter that replaces str_ with str_.
Returns True if loop is sectioned within lists.
Updates the db_api. context_manager. writer to retry if the session is
Return a set of all unique label ids in a list of FASTA files.
A contextmanager to augment usage errors.
Clean up all files in the directory cwd
Release the vlan_id from the database.
Call pprint. pformat and decode the result.
Return the value of f.
Return the transpose of the expression
Return True if val is a string ; otherwise return False.
Returns a dictionary of the task coverage for this task.
monitor the result of a named monitor
Expandasterisk for the column names in the given expression.
collects a and b and c from a and b in the form a + b.
Compares two keys and returns a boolean value.
List all host groups
Helper function for systemctl commands
Return a list of pages that are the siblings of page2 that are at the same level
Writes content to output_path.
Replace a file with the given data.
Helper function to get the connection string for a backend
Perform a test on an IP set
Returns True if the user has upload or downloaded the file. Returns False if the user has
Set the icon for the given tool in the given path.
Load a raw module.
Find approval token for an object.
Returns the app with the specified name if it exists else returns none.
Determine if a tool dependency is in the metadata dictionary.
Encodes the given rawbytes.
Set the domain of a domain based on the number of keywords in the domain.
Check the DNA chars BCS characters in the header and mapping data.
Splits a list of arguments into a dictionary of strings and boolean values.
Builds a datetime - based datetime - based datetime - based datetime - based datetime - based
Remove all of the modules in sys. modules that have the name str_ in the module
Install a new signal handler for a given file descriptor.
Create a file on hdfs.
Return True if the platform is BSD False otherwise.
Return the divide by p and q if p < q.
Handles the removeviewpoint request.
get recording by id
Return a cache key for a namespace.
Returns a warning message for the given unit and standard_name.
Replace str_ with str_
Return a workstation to work with.
The entry point for the new repository script.
Compute the MD5 hash of the thesubdb file.
Set the verbosel expanduser level.
Create the directory if it doesn t exist.
Returns a list of extras for a flavor.
method to check the status of the datapusher
Extract lines that contain a regex pattern from the string out.
Create a temp allow rule.
Returns a list of members of an object.
Converts a Dkl image to an RGB image.
Check that the string_ is a correct case file in the data. find_links3
View function that handles the login form.
Builds a training set with numones numpatterns and num_ones.
Decorator to undoc a function.
Locks a znode with the specified name and identifier.
Parse preference file.
Shortcut for the command hook.
Return the variance of x.
Group items by a given key function.
testing. requires_ testing_data that compute the rank of the inverse operator.
Converts amatroska date to a datetime
Check the status of acsf command
p_ conditional_expression_2 - > p_ conditional_expression_2 - > p_
Decrypt the register.
Checks if a mount path exists and is a mount path.
Returns True if the cache is enabled and the cache backend is str_.
filter_release_name will return True if the release_name in the filter_words
Returns the full path to a binary command.
Parse a template limit string and raise an error if it is not a valid template limit.
Filter a list of values to a list of values.
Constructs a random stateharedvariable.
Unsubscribe a task from a user.
Assign a user to a page.
Dump memory of all of the objects in the process.
Computes a rollingvap of a given length.
Get the name of the bench function.
Joins a list of path components into a single string.
Kotanchek - Kotanchek test.
archiversize the result of a task.
Run a command and return the output and the error.
Cleans the noise in the output string.
require the user to be logged in
Read a string from a file - like object fid.
Test function for smote with wrong kind.
Returns True if the connection to the MySQL server is successful otherwise False.
List projects that have been modified since the last time the test was run.
Context manager to remove path on error.
Find smart path between challbs and preferences.
Parse the specified Media object.
Convert a sequence of targets to a dense dense matrix.
Stop one or more containers.
Return a list of phred quality values for the given record.
Find the uuid of an instance
Return the command used to inspect the stats of the consumer.
Yields all the modules of the given package.
Indicator for s3rest controller.
Authenticate the user with the provided credentials.
Create a new subreddit if it doesn t already exist and return it.
Create a Genclientlib from a file.
Return the elapsed time between two events.
Make image comparison between baseline and str_
Test function for pushd and popd.
Setup the Q wikswitch platform.
Return a random set of tests according to the specified ratio.
View function that checks if the user is a member of a project. If the user is
Initializes an addon in the given app.
Returns the name of a file - like object.
Converts milliseconds since epoch to epoch.
Returns a list of service types used in the agent.
Unescape a string literal.
Return a list of keyspaces and connections.
Handles the response format for treeio login required to add a sub task.
Create an event rule for the given date time and cal.
Reads the version file and returns it as a string.
argument - of - softmax op
Revoke certificates by user and project.
Get the user s password from the socketfile.
Require all HTTP methods to be HTTP methods.
Expand the cookie path in the protocolinfo_response. cookie_path.
Returns the release tag of the latest release tag.
Filter the table to core F values.
Migrates the OAuth template facts to the new one.
Calculate the histogram of a list of values with bins.
Return the list of grains
Query for users matching the specified criteria
Extract a link from a link header.
Initialize the server configuration.
Maps QoS spec to lowercase.
Get the whitelist for an item s stock.
Update the number of unique properties that have changed between the old entity and the new entity.
Return the current status of the cluster.
Verifies that the command is successful when it exists.
Return a string representation of the coordinates in data that are scoured according to options.
Creates a new campaign with a biddingstrategy.
Adds devices to the platform.
Start the named VM
Computes the mean square root of an array.
Dumps a list of hex strings into a string.
Get a logger by name.
Computes the correlation coefficient between k_vars and ar.
Replace common values with their common values.
Find the end of expression inline.
test that feature1 has a string name
Returns the context function for a list of files.
Return an instance of httplib2. http.
Require the user to be logged in and have the course masade stored in the session
Filter the label to only contain the 1 value.
Return x as a binary string.
Registers a template tag to be used as the current time zone.
Update reference in payment entry or reference in journal entry.
Create a list of formatters based on the given config.
undo the logger setup.
Returns a string containing the content of the gallery.
Convert a column to an image.
Returns the namespaceenter function for the specified process.
Check if the working directory exists and if not raise a cuckoostartuperror
Handle the response format for treeio_login_required and treeio_login_required
Stop the cover for an entity.
Return True if the specified class is aclass.
Returns the IPv6 address associated with interface iff.
Process the movie reviews.
Loads all enabled extensions.
Get embeddings given a list of word ids.
Set the media_list_player to use.
Converts x into a list if x is not a list.
Find child nodes that are not in the parent.
Change the security of the user cookie.
Return unique elements in a list preserving the order.
Clearscreen function.
Test compound gates
Format an example using the given substitutions.
Convert camel case to snake case.
Return the logfile name if it doesn t already exist.
Calculate the difference between the direct loops of the given importradius with the given
Pad a string with a maximum of n characters.
Returns a provider by its name
Change the username of a user.
Show the details of a resource.
Helper function for request. route_url.
Return the power of x y and z.
Convert a bytestring path to a unicode path.
Wrapper around db. get_value
Verifies that the run method should raise a command error when the command does not exist.
Release an address
Resnet v1. 0 network.
Get thesegmented text from a text string.
Convert a packed IP address into a text string.
Compute the one - dimensional one - dimensional one - dimensional one - dimensional one - dimensional F
Get the cython version
Returns a list of SQL indexes for all registered Django models.
Remove the extension from a name.
Return the recently changed packages activity list.
This is a simple example of the 2d convolutional layer.
Return a list of the latest versions of the repository.
Return the connection between the server and the client.
Format the slug for a request.
Convert a text string to a native object.
Returns the argument specification of a callback function or method.
Update or insert an existingorganisation record in the s3 database if the record does not
Turn a list of tuples into a list of sparse blocks.
Fix the source of source_lines using the global fix functions.
Runs a command and returns the output of it.
Get the options from the global opts dict.
This function takes a context file and returns a dictionary with the values of the strings in the
Check that the bundle is called with no output.
Create a new figure manager given a single figure.
Split a string into a list of labels.
Create a set of transformation tokens from a list of tokens.
Set the tax for the tax_type and tax_total in the request.
Return True if value matches a regular expression pattern.
Makes a request to the approutingor API and returns the JSON response.
List installed apps.
Set the class to use for the diff opcode generator.
Expand the dimensions of x to dim.
Find executable in the Windows environment.
Make a temporary script file for effects.
Like os. lstat but add an error if the caller doesn t like the caller.
Returns True if the namespace is a wildcard in the DB otherwise False.
Sends a notification email to a user that was removed from a group.
Check if the specified user is authorized for the specified resource.
cached method to return the cached width of the terminal.
Sorts a string according to the given IP address.
This is a view function that checks that the user is a member of the course.
Delete preview files associated with the given instance.
Returns True if the polarity of string s is greater than or equal to threshold.
Computes the disassocinant of two matrices a b c.
A test that reads a user - defined dict with a default value.
Render template with request data.
Find a library by name and return it.
Create a grantip middleware.
Lint a set of files.
Replace str_ with str_ and replace str_ with str_.
Return True if ct_headers is HTML.
Return a list of all keyspaces in the system.
Configure settings.
Return the default argument of a function.
Import an expression from a module.
Yields all messages in a translation csv file.
Make records for a particular student.
route to the topic - to - topic - to - user - to - to - route
Helper function for _iostats_dict.
Returns the quoted string of a string.
Convert x into a datetime. datetime instance with the specified timezone.
Returns the first item in the tf. summary. exists for the specified tag.
Get input configuration file.
Gather clone loss.
Extract user email and fullname from a LDAP entry.
filter song by md_list and build song
Return the dictionary count of simple tags
wrapper for _do_mb_search
Makes a copy of the given torrent directory and returns the new folder.
Return a summary and a taxon order mapping of counts for each OTU.
Compute a node search by hypervisor.
Combine the OTU mapping and the denoised sequences into a single OTU
Returns the parameter if it exists else if it doesn t.
Discovers the full path to an executable.
Return the position of the end of a multi - line docstring.
Join two coroutines.
Return True if info. version is none return False if info. version is not None
Gets the pythonlint version.
Get volume summary by project
complete theskipper for the shell shell completer.
Translate a message according to the given string.
Returns a list of sort keys for a given request and attr_info.
Return the arcsec of the value.
Calculate the Hessian of a point
Return the size in bytes or raise an ansiblefiltererror if the size is less than the
Set the evidence option or therain option.
Execute a kadmin command
Recursively evaluate the tail of a list.
Get the cubic path of the given xmlelement.
Split value into a list of line breaks.
Returns a build target for package_name with the specified version and build tag.
Converts an expression into a list of expressions.
Update the collection status in the search index.
Sorts apcap file in - place and returns the number of elements in the file
Updates the current instance of the class.
Check if pid already exists.
Read the next string from the given data.
Returns a single unified output.
Reload the routes and redirect to the str_
Create a new rawarray object.
Setup the platform.
Returns True if attr is a validext_comm attribute.
Return a list of nodes with the specified number of nodes.
tag release of a given version.
Writes the message in the preview window of the jumptop review window.
Return the appropriate resampler for the given groupby and rule.
Make dataset.
Sort the data in the tree by the specified column.
Return the invariants of the savedjson.
Make a context manager that dec references the specified value.
Test function to plot the topo image of the data.
Returns a dict of the headers that will be sent to the proxy
Make sure that the revdep is up - to - date
Converts a payload of text into a random string.
Returns the diff renderer class
Loads found_tests using the testresources. load_tests_apply_scen
Get a list of pull requests for a project.
Returns a message with the given status and HTTP response code.
sleep a specified amount of time
This is a helper function that returns the root url of the app.
Unescape a node if it is a string.
Return True if obj is a sequence of bools.
Adds faces from a convex faces to a convex faces list.
Find the root node of a file input node.
Create a synchronous switch listener.
Add 32bit unsigned integers.
List objects by their parameters.
test_include_exclude_names on my own dataset.
Determine if the git master is not up - to - date
Show pillar information
Callback function to handle key value pairs.
Return a function that restore test_params and shared_result from request. node. get
Test for on_focus_changed.
Patch commandutils in a symbol.
Inserts a data dictionary into the database. Returns the newly inserted data.
Send the password has changed notifications to the specified user.
Adds the loadgraph command line arguments to the given parser.
Filter the symbols in an iterator that are not in the exclude set.
Converts a UTC time to a decimal value.
Returns the source and line of the given node.
Normalize a path to make it more human - readable.
Run the Deseq2 diagram.
Returns the name of a package in the current env or none if the package is not found
p_binary_expression_2 - > p_binary_expression_2 - > p_
Create a new bucket.
Takes a color and a mode and returns a tuple of color and alpha.
Removes a sequence of inds from the sum of inds.
Run the main application.
Pause a server.
Parse out as JSON.
Normalizes a string.
Test if an exception is raised by the discretize_model function.
Ensures that the named network is absent
Converts a list of location strings to a list of location strings.
Generates a BQ schema from a Pandas DataFrame.
Return the key of the sort_string.
Returns the parsed command line arguments.
Check if a graph is connected.
Returns the interface object for the specified interface
Scale the values of x according to the given scale.
Get a new skeinlayer repository.
Encodes a password.
Set the audio output function.
Make an API call.
Check if a string is a valid atom.
Calculate the categorical cross entropy.
Given a product id return the show route
This is a test for the names of the half rendering functions.
Import object by string.
Check if all.tex files are up - to - date.
Returns a list of all files with the given filetypes without the given list of words.
Creates the logout url for the given slug.
Given a request return the request host if the request host is the last one and not the
Copies the contents of the source directory to the destination directory.
Register a str screen event to clear the screen.
Return the location to use
Convert a vector into a vector.
Test for truncate purified field.
Initializes the initial state of the network.
Gets the value of a field in the target
Computes the log - density at x for a normal distribution.
Return a Cix tree from a Cix.
Print the string to the terminal if the platform is str_ or if the platform is str
Register a simple tag that expands fragment links.
Splits a named range into sheet_name and xlrange.
Set the header_name in response. headers.
Return a list of entry points for all extensions.
Search recentscansdb. objects.
Test reg_noise_cov.
Returns the value of window. If x is None returns the value of x.
Parses the packet in the TCP layer.
Render a PDF or HTML page and return the HTML.
Generate a meshgrid triangulation of n meshgrids.
Clears the site cache.
This is a decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in.
Builds an exit object for vine2 api.
Return a weak reference to target.
Run fit on a single class
Returns True if the bucket_name is not a prefix and is not a domain name and
Returns a list of strings that match the string s. If s is a string it is
Return the river controller for S3.
Wrapper around check_call_arguments function to catch typeerror.
Print a report of all plugins and their status.
Detach a block device
Join a list of strings into a single string.
Finds free ports in a range between start_port and end_port.
Calls the command with the given arguments and raises a calledprocesserror if the command is
This tests the html_write_clean function for BLEACH - style skipif
Return choices for script choices.
Gets the win32 compiler for the current process.
Call force_job with error message if the user doesn t have permission to download the video
Delete a security group
Test that saved inner graph is the same as the saved inner graph.
Check if the result is a valid geometry.
Create a new object named in a named tuple.
This is a test for django. bootstrap_options to be used with settings. sentry_
Builds a build URL if the request. method == str_
Returns a set of permissions from a list of urls.
Create a new GType instance.
Yields the start and end of the comparison type in logical_line.
Attach a role policy to a role.
Notify about a server group update.
Create a new WSGI resource.
Return the topic weight corresponding to word k in the document d.
Loads the pricing module and returns the pricing module.
Pause the download process if the download size is less than the current disk space.
fills text with the given CSS selector in the world.
Returns a list of available colour strings
Returns a dictionary of string representations of the open and close tags.
test plugin image id field to be used in test_plugin_image_id_field
Loads a Caffe configuration from an environment variable.
test for rgb_to_hsl and rgb_to_hsl_part_
Takes a string subject and returns the value of it as an integer.
Wrap a fragment into another fragment and add its resources.
List all the keys in a GPG keychain
Joins a sequence of strings.
Create a directory if it does not exist or if it does not exist.
Get the datacenter of the chassis.
Compute the onenorm matrix power of the matrix a at p.
Main function that runs the keyboard interrupt.
A contextmanager that restores the global config from the previous context manager.
Get the uid for a user or None if the user is not registered.
Get pagination variables
hexstr - > int
Delete content for a namespace.
Moves the mouse to the specified element.
Splits the URL into individual parts.
Transform a method - level method - level method call to the underlying method - level representation.
Format the given text with the given rst fmt.
Return the gradient of the mean of x with respect to beta.
Create an overlay workflow
Return the size to use or raise an exception
Get a proxy for a given URL.
Applies the given change list to the given collection.
Get the version of a executable.
Delete all lead addresses that match the given company_name.
require a post request for a given string to be logged in and update the considered status.
Writes the given data to an open file - like object fid.
Fetch a HDU from the MX system.
Estimates the mean standard deviation and standard deviation of a movie at a given number of users
Resets the number of times the domain is equal to the number of times the domain is
Gets the integer property and converts it to an integer field.
Returns the host of the given request.
Computes thequadmin of a point.
Returns True if pkg_name is installed False otherwise.
Start an app in the specified directory.
Assert that at least num_ is a string and that at least one of the values is
Attempt to import nibabel. freesurfer import read_geometry
Recursively rename input file to a new file.
Determine function name type.
Log raw event to the log stream.
Return the common path of a list of paths.
Removes the rule associated with each of the DNSmasq s accept rules.
Generate a fathead file from a folder of text.
Returns a dictionary with keys that differ between orig and new.
Moves the selected frame to the top of the stack.
Scale the gradient of x by the given multiplier.
Evaluate xmlelement by its key.
Get the host name for this VM.
Return coalesce onrows and oncolumns labels.
Find sequences increasing order.
Remove old and new lines and rename them if do_apply is True.
Convert an index to a list of labels.
Returns the sum of the smallest value of x.
Get the current stock value for a product.
Create a connection to the external account via the s3 API.
Returns a list of the table names in the given schema
Returns the base directory of the environment variable str_
Returns a tuple of port inputs and outputs for a node.
Returns the prefix of the qualified name of the given module or class name.
View function for the user page.
Delete a service group
Compute cross validation score.
Returns True if the user is not enabled in the group configuration.
Delete an interface
Render a mock template to a string.
Returns the maximum span of the complex.
Creates a fake blockdevicemapping object.
Get information about a container.
Create a file with the specified name with the specified user group and mode.
Get the default directory to use.
Render a report
Unsubscribes a document from a topic.
Yields items from mapping that are multi - valued.
Return a list of headers that match the specified criteria.
Delete a user
Return True if str_ is in salt else False.
Set foreign keys on the table.
Log a debug message for the given function.
Remove a list of PVlist objects from an API key
Checks the anchor for the given hash in the given file.
Create a zone if it doesn t already exist or update it if it doesn t exist.
Runs the test smoke command in the test environments.
Remove a user.
Check that the index_name is valid.
Converts an None value to a string or array of null values.
Get the volume summary that require a admin context
Write a docstringdict to a file.
Gets the current kernel arch
Return data to a python module
Loads the filesystem loader for this package.
Assert that testing requires testing data.
Validate a set of covars.
Return a reload of the portage
Convert a string to a file name with windows substitution.
This is a test function to print the loadfile and savefile
Returns a list of groups for the named user.
Returns a tuple of key_le key_l key_k from the RAR3
Deletes the vlan_id from the database
Render a OpenID request.
Returns the nth root mod n by p.
Compute the cdlorning - dojistar for a given number of bards
Yield items from an object.
Adds a service to the system.
Register an optimizer function for the scalar operator
Return a list of up - to - date versions of packages that have been updated.
Receive an object from the socket.
Ensure that the named parameter does not exist
Inject create_tags into class_attributes.
Compute the power - law of the power - law of a function f p q
Get a user s username and return it.
Run func in a running thread.
Fonseca function
arg parser for utils. arg
Create list of actions for module bookmark actions.
Displays an RGB image.
Reads a file and returns a list of lines
This is a test for collection_error_py_files.
Determine the next host to query.
scope for p_namespace_scope.
Make sure that the minion is virtual
expand a path to the user s home directory
Evaluate a function f g if g is None then return the result of f.
Copy data from one file to another.
Returns the sum of the gradients of x.
Computes the value of an optional configuration parameter.
Load a Zen translation for a specific project and subproject in a specific lang.
Convert list tuple and np. ndarray to args.
Delete a category from the database
if obj. type is str_ raise valueerror otherwise
Opens an svg file and prints it to the console
Format a list response.
Create a bundle
Try to import an object by name. If the object is not imported None is returned.
Reduces the code_reduced function into a function type.
Split an optional netmask into a list of strings.
This is a decorator that memoizes the command used to execute the command.
Get the limit and marker from the request.
Convert an etree element to a dict.
Strip the XML namespace from the element s tag and its children.
Returns the current rendering context.
Parse test_files option.
Format power as a fraction.
Get the elements related to a presentation ref_id in adml_data.
Get the string representation of a routine.
Parse an integer.
Makes sure that the italian translation is present in the pootle translation directory
Get the child with a specific tag
Get a dictionary of settings.
Colorize text.
Computes the combinations of elements in a list.
Helper function to extract the limit parameter from the request.
Returns a tuple of all the modules and a list of active modules.
Get the difference between two values
Try a passwordless SSH connection.
Check that the raw. fif file has the eeg_average_ref_proj
Unscrubs a string
Create a decorator from a middleware class.
Decrypts in_stream from in_stream to out_stream.
Get a random prime number.
Strip trailing blank lines.
Converts a given frequency distribution of documents into an idf term.
Publishes the given test to the given tag.
Determine if an SQL statement is an open quote.
Return the addresses of the given host. If host is none or the nameserver is none
Write a string data to a file in a directory.
main function.
Return expr formatted as a Reddare pr with the given settings.
Gets the cached edit handler for the given class.
Converts the given HTML document to the namespace of the document.
Find the indices of the rows where the condition is True.
global variables used for rate limits
test for non unique prefix completion
Gets a datetime object from a relative day.
Check if rbenv is installed
Find the majority element of a list of elements.
Solve a discretelyapunov bilinear problem.
Get a random number that is a prime number.
Return the index of the thermal control points in a specified time frame.
Convert a string to a list of integers.
Clear the cached actions.
Convert regular expression to regular expression.
Returns the hash of the contents of aarguments config item.
Register a simple tag without a context parameter.
Derivative of a function f with a specific degree m.
Get the max id in the database.
Returns a dictionary with the values of the mapview config.
p_struct_declaration_list_1 at time t
A optimizer function that pre - computes the local sparse block of g GPUs.
Split a string into a list of integers.
Returns the ziplib for the given asset key. If the asset key does not exist None
superconsole specific method to control cursor keys
This function uses the cookiecutter package to determine the location of the project.
Check if the minc is available.
Find the node with the given path and return the default.
Gets the carving from the xmlparser.
Parse the change values from an opts object.
Returns a dict of the arguments to pass to the test function.
science function for cached _sci.
Get the membership for a user in a project.
Return True if the stream named stream_name is a public stream.
Test the inverse of a link.
Return True if all values in sdrdict that are unique
Construct a Gegenbauer polynomial.
Switches an org to a specific profile
Parse cookie values.
Render a template.
Turn a dictionary into a string.
Try to guess a filename for an object.
Returns a transaction for non - atomic requests.
Check that got is not equal to expected and that expected is not an instance of expected.
Returns a Query instance for the given class.
Given a request return the current route path for the specified path elements.
Test if a float is within a range of two floats.
Raise systemexit.
Calls talib_with_ds with the given count and timeperiod.
Gets the metadata for a given request.
Loads a word model from a file.
Create a window function for a given aggregate.
Returns a list of routes.
Parse the command line options and raise systemexit.
Transforms a set of parameters into the format expected by the API.
Yields lines that have the specified sentinel from the input.
Returns a list of public and private ip addresses for the given server.
Attempt to import the comment app if it is not installed.
Find executable in the system environment.
Parse a mime_type and a list of parsed media ranges and return the fitness and the
Pandassql builder.
Returns the display string for a course descriptor
Returns a boolean if the user can use namecheap.
Get the current asset log for the given asset id
Extract text from the text nodes of an odfelement.
Return an ISO - 8601 representation of an object.
Push the specified operator onto the next token of the specified size. Returns the value of the
Return a list of names that match pat.
Get a volume type by it s id
Initialize the standareb application configuration.
Strip the exception message from the output of re. sub.
Returns a list of changes between model1 and model2.
Upgrade an existing migration engine.
Send an event to the master and return the result.
Check that the virtualenv can be installed.
Returns True if the user is registered for the course otherwise False.
Register the sync services
Try to get the foreign field of the given name. If foreignerror is not found return
Check if a database exists
Ensure that the directory exists.
broadcast a tensor to multiple GP devices.
Returns a list of words in a file.
Return a string with the help for this style.
Rotation about the right hand side of x by n times the left hand side of x
Match a sentence with a given pattern.
Encode a string according to Windows.
Create click. command.
Check if a string has aowel.
Start interactive mode.
Returns a copy of the session plot options
Attach custom attributes to a queryset.
Returns the state of the mapped object or raises an exception if the state is none.
Downloads a file from a URL and returns its contents. Raises an exception if the
get QoS specs by spec_id
Initializes the bool_ discovery module for the specified domain and configuration.
Loads a WSGI application from the given configuration file.
Returns True if the user has read access to the course.
Wraps value into a word - wrapped value.
Split a node into two sub - nodes depending on the scalar_op. Add or mul
power off a remote host
Sets a driver for the specified module and class
Get an environment variable with the same value as self. zmq. If zmq is not defined
Truncate a string to a maximum length.
Returns a list of the required infinibox values for a infinibox.
Validate local_ip. Raise systemexit if local_ip is not found.
Returns a string representation of a number.
Computes the smart matrix product of two matrices.
Get the output of a gcodestep repository.
Create a list of EB commands.
Get the configuration tag for this API.
at_server_cold_stop
Returns a list of all the flavor in the profiler.
List the keys in the dictionary
Ping listener.
Returns True if the nvvm is available False otherwise.
Return the attributes of the given adjective.
Add a role to the application.
Check if the target has a handshake
try to delete an attribute except nameerror
Autocomple finish the element with the given id.
Adjust a color by a percent.
Convert a string to aroman number.
A wrapper for a function that catch a timeout and cancels it after the function exits.
Get a new coilrepository.
Prints a list of framework names.
Find the counters from the log_interpretation for a log type.
Remove a previously fetched distribution.
Assert that the string representation of the skycoord is the same as the string representation of the
Update a DNS record.
Get the geometry output for a given element node.
skipif test.
Returns the absolute URL of the given path.
Start a new displayeddialog from a repository.
Get the current rate of the media player.
Return the name of the virtual function.
Finds a directory in the given path and returns its components.
This is the internal function that is passed to the function that is defined in the specified module
Run method should return success when find_packages returns success.
test_flask_ext function that calls the test_flask_ext script with the given
Returns a float of the number of nests in a google list of strings.
Tries to pluralize the given value. Returns the plural suffix if the value is different
Check that the value is a valid requirements string. Raises distutilssetuper
sleep a random number of times
Try to validate that the value is an integer - like.
Create the extraloops for the given pair ofsurroundings.
Base - of - reduction test.
Return True if the version number of the candidate is not less than the required version number.
Fuse a request mock up for testing.
Returns the task status.
Generates vectors from coincidence vectors.
Return a random rotation matrix.
List the packages in the system
Appends a header value to the context s headers.
Create a transfer manager.
Return the epsilon closure of the given state.
Parses a signed request and returns the response data if the signed request is correct.
Return the file name for a type for a test.
stub out functions in a test.
Test function for Nvidia driver1.
Get the virtual name of the domain.
Return the source code for the given node.
View decorator for a project s view.
Add noise to an array.
Print a string or a list of strings.
Write a metadata dictionary to a file.
Get the current language of the translation
Set the pluginpath environment variable.
Returns a dict of the name and the value if it doesn t exist
Return the enum variant of ob if ob is of type resultclsid.
Generates theibp distribution.
Return the one argument of a function.
Write the usearch61_log. txt file.
Parse filename page ranges.
Check if the passed object is an array or a string.
Returns a boolean if the provided URI is a S3 URI
Format the date using the user s locale.
Returns the boolean value of the object when the language is untranslated.
old idfunction is a global idfunction. return the old idfunction.
Returns True if the api_password matches the request. app. http. api_password
Return a list of tuples of all the rating strings and their choices.
Tear down the database.
A decorator that apply a function to the audio only if the newclip is a str_
Create a tag image from a list of words.
Detach a role policy.
Remove num_ from set s where num_ is the number of elements in num_ that
Takes a configuration file and returns a configuration object.
p_declaration_specifiers_1 - > p_declaration_specifiers_1 - >
Create API method response for a given API resource.
Return the sortkey for the given item.
Test for the product of the two sets of tests.
Write an object to a pickle file.
Returns a list of dynamic tabs
Parse an auth header into a string.
Download a wheel using pip.
Returns the path to the installed tool panel configuration directory.
Print query results to screen.
URL - quote a string using the given character set.
Parses the command line arguments.
Print an error message and exit with the given code.
Get all releases for an episode.
Returns True if x is a positive integer.
Returns the location of the fs_home.
Get the revision number
Annotates a channel s content models by their ID.
test iterator for sparsedataset.
Returns True if l is a list
This is a test that creates a new sheet with num_ = num_ where num_
Get the history of a zpool
Computes the mean of a time series.
require the admin to add afacility tacher
Fills paragraphs in a string.
Check that the spm_face. data_path has the correct format
Run show_weights on the test dataset.
Perform a s3 search for the given method in the given module.
Convert a string pattern to a unicode string.
Replace old with new.
Detect the agent agent and return a dict of the results.
View function which checks the request for valid and valid login form and sets the cookie if necessary
Convert the list of res into a csv output.
Return the OS version of the given finder.
Decode string to UTF8 if string is unicode.
Check the rpc status.
Get the next datetime with the UTC hour.
Calculate the md5sum of a file.
Returns a tuple of the test import and no test import function.
Replace newlines with a normalizenewline.
Yields information about all the files in the given directory.
Yields a series of sub - commands from a command to a list of arguments.
Sets the custom nameservers for the nameservers specified in the nameservers parameter
Test function for reset_out.
Create a WSGI resource.
Returns the html code of the task created.
Get a string representation of a dictionary.
Returns the unit status code
Initializes the bitstring.
Get user model name from settings. str_
Apply a reduction function to a column.
Return the default user - agent string for the server.
Main function of the subcommand.
Kills the given greenlet with the given exception. If the greenlet is not dead
Clean up an S3 bucket.
Check if the object is a generator function.
s3 roles are permitted if they are not specified in attr then the current s3
Compute the current cluster state.
List extensions.
Ensure that there are n - seps in a string.
Update the fileserver.
Return a dict of all the jobs that have been run on the minion
Install gettext translations for jinja templates
Serializes a User object into its JSON representation.
Register the signals for the page generator feature
Get the block device mapping for the given volume and instance uuid.
Get the name of the virtual machine
Check if the shape of the array is the same as the shape of the parameter.
Determine if an object is a function or class.
Calculates the approximate error between the sum of weights of a_orig and a_
Check if a syn synapses are synapses and the abs difference is less than
Return a tuple of the name of the virtual environment
Register a scale class.
Get relative path to pack reference
Delete a key from the minion
Returns the object at the specified address.
Make sure that the minion is virtual
Yields all headers with the given name in the message.
Validate collection options.
Install the tornado ioloop instance.
Runs a matrix job and logs it to the terminal.
rewrite the bridges from a legacy config into a new config.
Returns the integer value of the kernel variable key in the sysctl output file.
Return a mapping of namespace - to - namespace names to their equivalents.
Decode a base64 - encoded string.
Update an image
Return the string representation of the title of a layout.
Shorten the link to the hook.
Assert that num_ is a long type and that the value is hyinteger.
This is a test for install_from_wheel_with_legacy.
Check if the instance is in resize state.
Runs a script in a temporary directory with the given context.
Format a number using the specified separator and decimal separator.
Check if a module exists.
Print a summary of the efuses.
triangulate a point between two points.
Returns a list of all branches in the repo.
Converts markdown from the specified markdown_source to the specified configuration.
Parses the command line arguments.
Return the hrm credential controller.
This function is a test function that performs image comparison between the baseline and the extensions of one
Clone the repo to repo_root.
Format exception only.
Contextmanager to push the kernel context to the context manager and then restore the previous context.
Joins a list of atoms and returns a new string of the url.
Returns True if path is a hidden dot.
Wait until a Proxmox instance is created
Returns a flavor not found by the specified name or raises an exception if the flavor not found
Create an array of ones with the same shape and type as the input array.
Parse the response and return a dict of the status code and the payload of the response.
Computes the DCT matrix of the image.
Search string for a word in a given string. word_length is the length of the
Return a tuple of the path to a file in the cache directory.
Create an access key for a user.
Update a CFN stack.
Res how many notebooks are in the figure.
Creates a documentlist entry from a string.
Check if we have access to the socket and print a warning if not.
Sends a message to one or more registration IDs
Runs HTML tidy on infile with options.
Re - raise an exception with a message.
Convert a query node from one type to another.
Returns the model class for the given app label and model name. Returns none if the model
Adds the current platform arch to the config.
Return data to a server
Get the fill value of a dtype.
Gets a new repository from the database and returns it.
Generate an email address for a user.
Join a list of paths and return the absolute path of the base.
Lookup a method in this class using the specified method name and DBus interface.
Run the wireup command.
Helper function for download_http_url.
Update a FITS file.
Moves a file to a different location.
automatically closeus after open task is deleted
Update the metadata in the disk cache.
Given a string return the string_ after the string_ has been deleted.
Check if the user is a sysadmin
Load a certificate from a buffer.
Return a list of the names of the queues in the queue_dir.
Cleans a string to be used as a GCE name.
Return the square root of the given atom.
Extends os. environ with the given keyword arguments.
Convert a string to a unix path.
Decode an encoded datetime to a datetime. datetime object.
Return the set of magnitude indices for t1 and t2.
Import the data_api module and raise an exception if it doesn t exist.
Create the expected photos for each post.
Get the worker if it exists or raise an exception.
Fit an object to a set of points with an invalid ratio.
Mark a document as unwatched by a user.
Handles the message being a text message and being a text message to be used in a
Returns the value attr as a boolean.
Returns the rc parameters from a file or None if the rc file does not exist.
Get the user agent string for the browser or none if the user agent is not a browser
test that imports on global namespace without path
Return the grade of an adjective.
Load the data into a Dataset.
Convert a URLfetch response to a GCS stub.
Get the current time of the monotonic clock.
Verifies a user s email address.
Parses an ev dict to a timedelta object.
Strip the ANSI escape sequence from the input string.
Converts a string representation of an IPv4 integer to a quad string.
Build descriptor for enum value.
Generates a list of words that will be used as alorem i. e.
Attempt to import module_name and return True if it exists else False.
Register directive for Sphinx.
Create a quota usage entry.
Format click. command.
Get the HTTP status message for the given HTTP status code.
Return the top data for a specific minion.
Create a new transfer job.
Execute the jumptotab command
Log the status of a node.
Returns a list of preferences as a base64 string.
Returns a boolean indicating if the user is in the course. If the user is not in
Read a string of 4 bytes.
This is a test that prepares stdout and asserts a stack trace.
Adds a servicegroup to the namespace. Returns True if the servicegroup exists otherwise False
Convert special character to string.
Test function for get_peak.
True if two elements are equal.
Validate that value is a positive float.
Returns whether or not the VCS is installed.
Return True if a is less than or equal to b.
Get the status of the specified core.
Get the absolute path of the target of a link.
Generate a cache key for HTML.
Create a contextmanager context manager for the given temporary directory and remove it from the given context
Create an arcGIS service.
Selects a template from a list of engines.
Joins two paths into a single path in the temp directory.
Extend the data with length bytes starting at offset.
Add the attempt ID to the task id if it is not present.
Compare two entity protobufs by key.
Check if the track index has changed.
Perform a whoosh search.
Convert t to a datetime if t is a datetime object.
Add http headers to conf. httpheaders.
Delete a repo from the configured repositories.
Convert a sequence of bytes to a string.
Start the salt syndic
Copies the content of a file - like object source to destination.
Takes a list of names and a configuration and a coordinate and returns a list of geojson
cached_dfs_serialize function. Returns input_object if input_object is None else
Parse options and call main function.
Returns the shared library argument for the GCC executable.
Internal function to record the phone number.
Waits until the namespace does not have alisten pids of the given namespace.
Set the interpreter for the given sample.
Returns a single unified output if the output is less than num_.
Register the user with csrf_protect.
Make a key for a CIDR rule.
get windowanalyzefilegiventext - get windowanalyzefile givent
Return the URL for the given funshion id.
Get the function names for a particular variable.
Expire the reservation for this node.
Create an alias
Mark login as unwatched and raise an error if product is not available.
Add devices for the current platform.
Ensure directory exists.
Import a document to the database.
Gets a list of snapshot records for a given snapshot.
Uploads an attachment of an image.
Parses a query string and returns the model class.
Validate that the storage volume exists and is readable.
Calculate the overhangdirection between two segments.
Encode the payload of a message if it s a 8bit string or if it s a
Enable a sysv service
Rename a class.
Sanitize html code.
Get a volume from the sm
Return True if two tokens are equal.
Check if the labels in the tree are exactly the same as the labels in the input file
Returns the enabled provider by provider_id or raises a valueerror if the provider is not
Get the default appid from the environment variable str_
Computes the hinge loss.
Serialize a collection.
Sample the supervised version of the image
Get or set the default vector3bypect value
Returns a generator of all subscriptions for a given user.
This function writes the oauthgetacceslaken sparse file to a file.
access a key in the context
Adds a new photourl to the photourl dict.
Stop all the containers with the given name in the container manager and reload the container manager.
Check if a file is a text file.
Add a set of points from pointbegin and pointend to a set of points.
Retrieve n_times partitions from connectivity.
Connect the given client to the given destination.
Returns a matplotlib figure of help text.
Queue one or more instances for processing.
Remove a package from the system
A wrapper for assert_warns.
Generate a list of column names.
Find the p and q components of a power - of - num_
Convert a string argument to an int.
fast version of the legen lut
Returns a JSON string from a user feed.
Determine if the environment variable str_ is a real S3 or not.
Return the sfrmi of the element l and m.
This test fails if the path exists
Render the HTTP response.
Returns the number of target count for the given host.
Load a module from a file.
Return True if name is a global name.
Asserts that the script has a bash completion.
Update a column in a table.
Create a celery app for the given request.
Get a list of all promoted links in a lottery state.
Encodes the usage key and student input into the correct format.
Dumps the current configuration
Render the request to beimplemented.
Return the build_env string for a build environment
Given an address and port lookup the string corresponding to that address and port.
Returns True if password regular expression description is not set.
Yield one or more instance profiles.
Runs the command line interface.
Return the string representation of the dot in the expression.
Update properties of an image trace.
Assert that the fake_statusbar and progress_widget are the same height.
Check if an item is a container.
Return an interval object that contains the nearest integer or float value. If x is an interval
Resolve a value s id to a string if it s not a string.
Return a boolean if the result is different from num_
Returns a QuerySet of model_cls objects with the latest values ordered by the number of
End request handler for the application.
Determine if the source file should be compiled or not.
Pause all the time when the given time is less than the given time.
Lower the built - in index function of an array.
Copies the query option sobject to the underlying query buffer.
Add a pixel to the pixeltable at the specified location with the steepness value.
Returns True if the module s custom config dictionary has changed
Parse a file and return a patchset.
Runs the test unit in the current process.
Generate a set of random keys
Optcheck the fgraph for the given set of input specs.
Returns the reader class for the given reader name.
Return information about packages
Compute the power - of - 1 exp on x.
Add a certificate to the given store
Creates a group snapshot
Detach a vm from a disk
Distill a PDF file with the specified parameters.
Adds a page if it doesn t exist.
config_file = str_
Test that completer ignores identifier quotes.
Calculate the length of thelooplength of a polygon.
Wrapper around processutils. execute that calls processutils. get_root_helper and then
Continuous confidence interval.
Delete a task from the running task manager.
leave the transaction management for a particular using thread. If the thread is not in a managed
Convert a number from a bcd to a decimal place.
Returns True if the user has access to the course
Get the configuration file
Asserts that the inverse operator is an instance of the inverse operator.
Read up to size bytes from a file - like object and return them as a string.
Validates that the test and train sizes are within train_size and that the test is
Adds a new feed to the request. If feed already exists it is returned unchanged.
Get the constructor of an object.
Convert a string to its string representation using the given encoding.
Returns the list of supported keyexchanges.
Extracts a snapshot of the disk.
Returns the user s profile.
Encode a file in base64.
lcm function
Flip an axis of a multi - dimensional array.
Attempt to open a pickle state file and return the state object.
Adds a module to a treewalk
With the given session remove the task from the database if the task has changed.
Set the attributes of the given arguments to the given elementnode.
Rebuild a string.
Check if the index and defaults arguments are valid and raise a valueerror if they are not
Log user and password to vm
Format the message if it s not already.
Write data to socket until expiration is reached.
Return a list of files
Split url into path and senv.
Group by a given string in a table.
The main entry point for the bool script.
Returns the index of a word in a list of words.
Create a temporary directory and return its path.
Redirect back to a domain if the domain is in source_domain
Adds the table object to the dictionary.
Serializes the instance to JSON.
summary judment function
Read data from the end of the record.
Computes the logn of a number.
Fetch ext pillar data for a minion
Create a chunker from a list of tokens.
Load a Pil font from a file.
Change the working directory to a different directory.
Downloads the dataset at the specified path.
Delete tags from a node or instance
Make sure the URL is a paginated one.
Update the line count of a string in a expression.
Returns a Django auth entry for the given username and password.
Formats a playlist in a nice way.
Get a module name from a module name and an object name.
Convert a string to a human - readable rank.
Sync the modules in the specified environment
Make an indentation
If pause_on_post_processing is set then pause on post processing.
Decimate the chpi value of a raw array.
Raises an assertionerror if an exception is raised by the context manager.
Yields chunks of XML data.
Make a template from a filename and a list of root_dirs.
Convert a array to a matrix with zeros at the end of its row and column.
print the rulesection of a program.
Decodes a string s according to the specified serializer and salt.
Get the value of the cell with the specified name.
Writes the given string to the given file.
Plot a normal probability distribution.
Extract read information from an input file.
Get the reason for a step.
Plot thevert lines of the parameters
Load an evp private key from a string buffer.
Convert an email address into a sequence of email addresses.
Apply a configuration to the minion
Calculates the minimum interval of an array.
Dispatches the given command to the appropriate method based on the request.
Assert that the policy has the correct shape.
Add a vector3index and a vector3index to the end of the vector3 vertex
Gets all cell data
Determine the function to use in the auto_fn function for the specified dialect and driver
Test Fourier Series square wave.
Computes the loss function for a triplet.
Solve the linear equation a and b.
Update the doc string for the given info table.
Dumps a timestamp as an HTTP date.
Update the response. crud_strings dict with current. s3. crud_
This is a command to create an addon.
Yields all of the spider classes in the specified module.
Save the probes to a file.
Returns the non - private summaries from the models.
Return the corresponding Cudart library for the current platform.
Split validationshuffles into training validation and test sets.
Calculate and print a set of cup metrics for a single file OTU
Extract summary line from docstring.
Returns the disk bus for the specified device type.
Check all convnonlinearity and mlp_nonlinearity flags.
Render a template.
Returns a list of the scene seasons that are associated with the given indexer_id.
Parse an XML string into an element tree.
Set the hashdbms for the current backend.
Returns a dict with the current indentation level of each counter in the given list of lines.
Update the working copy of a given revision.
Display a set of detections for a class.
Converts a number to a hex string and returns the hex string and the hex string.
Runs the make_docs make_ui_files and sync_artifacts methods in
Internal function to sort items according to the specified kind and na_position.
Draw a dendrogram
Add a symbol if it doesn t exist.
Returns a reference to the named branch or tag.
This is a coroutine function that is called by the hook.
Raises an AssertionError if expr1 is expr2.
Restore the configuration from a file or directory.
Count the number of entries in a zipfile.
Read LSM float pairs from file and return as list.
Insert the given text to the given block using the given fmt.
Create a new grep widget and search for text.
Insert x into a before the right of a.
Change the interactive mode.
Renders the top - level workflow for the given request using the specified template and js templates
Returns the level of the request.
Check if the URL is from any of the given domains.
Create the output directory structure from the base directory structure.
Setup the bridge for the specified platform.
Assert that the test requires testing data.
Prompt the user to input a manual id.
\ Yields the ngrams of each item in sequence.
Returns True if the locale module for the given lang_code is available.
Returns the module for the given section
Test forlexintegers.
Wrapper around masked_conv_add_cou equation for conv_add_cou
Returns a new style with the inherited style for a particular element class.
safe version of numpy. exp.
Return the section name for the given section name.
If string is a string decode it. If string is a string decode it. If string
write a graphviz dot file
Ensure that the named service is present
Delete a parameter group.
Encode the given value as bytes using the given mapping.
Raise an exception when called with the signature s arguments.
Run a parallel map providers query
Get the lock associated with the media list.
Returns a list of installed packages
Returns whether or not the config should be written.
Initialize a configuration from a configuration dictionary.
Run a command and wait for it to finish.
Parse the given request string into a list of requests.
Commits the transaction.
Create a Ttypes task from the given options.
Convert a inet_ptoi string to a four byte id.
Return a random period of n between num_ and a given number.
get virtual name
Format option value according to its type.
Finds all the system plugins in the entry point group. Returns a list of entry points
Recursively find all globals of a node.
Computes the arc minutes in radians.
Get split user partitions by name.
Makes asecurestub for a table admin API client.
Show the contents of an AFF4 user
Returns a function that expands gridsize.
Validate the permissions of a node.
This function is called by the authorized_client when the user is logged in.
Returns True if the file exists and False otherwise.
Update a volume type
Update response headers.
Sort a list of column names by priority.
Open a response in a web browser.
Executes an ftp put command.
Link to a user - role.
Get the message for a specific permission.
Return an iterator over all lexer classes that are registered in the lexer cache.
Return a random messageid
Perform sub - post - replacement of an expression.
Yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3.
Return True if text is valid False otherwise.
Return the resultant of a function f g.
Reads the content of thebearer token file and returns it as a string.
Update an existing port
Parses type_ into a tuple of type and a boolean_ and a tuple of length
Check that the data is correct
Parse a string into a timedelta.
Return the certificate request as a string.
Computes the dot product of two arrays.
Return the s3rest controller.
Transfer a local file to a remote file.
Get the grains for the given proxy.
Emit a set of proxies and run them in different processes.
Returns the user_info cookie data for the given request.
Replace link href with linkrel.
Main network configuration script.
Loads the libzmq module.
Extracts text from the contents of the given file with the given text.
Check if entity is a mapped class.
This function sets up the local task.
Calls Talib_with_ohlc method to get count of cdlh
Download a URL to a file.
Pause the scheduler and resumes the task if interval is greater than num_.
Gets the initialchangelog for the given revision with the given included upper - bounds changes
Return the type of the function call.
Returns the string name of an object.
Run the application.
Require admin context to retry on deadlock.
Load the context from an ast. Tuple or ast. starred.
Return True if the request is a trusted IP.
Check that the line edit is at the end of the line.
Checks the options to see if they match.
Set the response s status_code and the message to be stringio. stringio.
Joins the given paths with the given one.
Filters given options and outputs valid settings for a given bond.
Sanitize a filename.
Makes a http request and returns the result.
Yields a generator for all collections in a given service.
Generate client loginauthtoken.
Returns a link to the parent document of the topic.
Convert a sequence of bytes to a second Nibb hex encoding.
Disable the warnings for a given option.
Get a list of scene exceptions by the show name.
Returns True if all the modules in the course_module_list are in master_course
shortline generator for count cdl bards
Returns a green message with the string representation of the Greetee.
Get the maximum length of a path and a point
Registers all the metadata models for a given artifact using the given engine.
Return the master event object that can be used to send and receive events from the master.
Remove str_ in uri and ensure it s a list of str_s.
Return all of the 4 interfaces of the socket.
optimizer function for gemm_no_inplace.
Setup worker optimizations.
Make a generation hash for an object.
Add a constant to the builder.
Close the library.
Creates a fake cluster.
Returns the time delta after which the request will expire. If delta is an int or long
Check message extractors.
Parses a time from a string of formats and returns a datetime. time object.
Handles the response format for treeio_login_required
Return CDF of a histogram.
Returns a list of string names for the given brands.
Check if thetk type is str.
Get the module name of a service model.
Handles authenticated json post request.
Find a header file.
Partitions an iterable into two elements according to the predicate pred.
Sanitize html_id.
dynamic module import
Crop a string to a certain length.
Enables the specified server in the specified backend.
Helper function to consume a decimal number.
Processes the given media.
Ensure that the node must be visible or public.
upgrade the schema of an SQL table
Installs the specified app in the whitelist if it is not already installed.
Check if elements in a sequence are less than or equal to x.
Parse the range header and return the units and ranges as a tuple.
Render the given request and return a response.
Applies the given task to the given session if the task should be skipped.
timer helper function
Parses the command line arguments and returns them.
Test function for a 1d trapezoid1d model.
List the blob objects in the storage
Takes a file handle and returns an iterator over the parsed image records.
Converts a path to a canonical path
Convert a string to a boolean.
Applies the provider facts to the facts.
Returns a human - readable string representation of the given file size.
Returns the number of nodes in the graph.
Add a non - blank XML subelement.
Register a simple tag to render the given object.
A helper function for correct_compare_alpha_results.
Return the number of hours in the given day.
Reads an unsigned int.
Launch the number of threads in the workqueue.
Check to see if an item was skipped.
Compute the sph_harm at a given order.
Return a list of all the dirents in the provided buffer.
Converts a sequence of hex codes into a sequence of hex codes.
Create a figure instance.
Returns the MD5 hash of a file or none if the file is not present.
Add a query item to the query.
Test mark. django_db field for testing purposes.
Returns the block counts for the given block URL.
Load an object from an hdf5 file.
Parse a pcidevicewrong address string and return the cewrong
Get the http expire date for a given type and number.
Determines whether a set of elements conforms partial ordering.
Returns a string representation of the binary of the given value and bits.
Convert a hdfs URI to a real path.
Computes r = num_ for each element in l
Set a configuration value.
Return a list of users to remove from a notification type.
Determine if the lockfile exists or if it doesn t.
Split a filename into num_ parts.
Helper function to handle resource preview.
Prints a string to stdout.
get objecttransient sysmeta by sysmeta prefix
Create only query results.
Gets the period names for a particular locale.
Parse CDS features from a CDS file.
Returns the current working directory.
Execute queries against mysqlextpillar for a minion and return as a dict
Format the region into a human readable string.
Fills a list of strings into a new string.
Discretize x into the center of x_range
Annotates the merge annotations of the old and new annotations.
Log theormcache stats.
Determine the hash of the commit hash of a package.
Calculates the center of a bounding box.
Unregister a node from an ns. Returns the number of nodes registered.
Check if a comment is at the start of the line.
window_cached function for a window - based nerdtree
Return the number of seconds since the epoch of the current value of a column in a table
Yields until the test stream is closed.
Test if the value is defined.
Makes sure that the product and category keys are in the same order as the category key
If array is a pandas Series and abcclyindex then convert it to a categorical array
Encode the data as a multipart request.
Returns a list of tuples where the first item is the color and the second item is the
Get the path to the crashinfo directory for a given host.
Generate a cache key for the request.
Replace register numbers with strings.
Initialize theglance store.
Test scenario with hash within double quotes.
Generator for the correlated normal distribution.
Split a locale info into a lower and upper case and then join the locale info into a
Find the previous keyword in a SQL statement.
Returns a boolean indicating if the profile memory should be profileed at this thread.
Determines the name of a file or a folder.
Prompt the user for a password.
Wrapper for talib_with_ds.
Finds a node that has an indent level.
Update a namespace.
Return the mean of log values in drop_log.
Find the gui and the backend for the gui passed in gui = none or gui_select
Get the temporary directory for Qiime.
Create a replication group.
Sets the state of this element to the given string.
Set the media player context.
Run a command and return its output as a string.
Create a union of nodes from an iterable.
Assert that the finderinstalls pre - releases are installed.
Returns True if arg has a method that matches the given method.
Returns a human - readable string representation of the given time_msec.
Render the current document.
List products in a country.
Gets the list of changes in a project.
Get the maximum number of slots for the system
Returns a list of all clients that are part of the given string.
Returns the text of the contents of the given file with the given text. If clipre
Test flattener layer state - separate layer.
Return information about the distro release.
Calls the tadm executable with the given arguments.
Raises an AssertionError if exc_class is an instance of exc_class or if callable
Redirect to the given URL with the given parameters.
Return a list of child elements by local name
Updates the host object with the given update data.
Remove initial data
Return a list of the non - string parts of the body and the body of the error
Assign new values to the given locals if the key is a string.
Assert that the string is the same as the expected one.
Convert an integer to its julian representation.
Loads the meta sources from the metasync module.
Return the value of an object s attribute name. If the environment is sandboxed and the
Returns a tuple of the owner group and the directory where the crontab should be located.
Manage the specified mode.
Returns a dict of zmq_enums.
Check if x is a dummy array.
roll a vectorized array along a given axis
Helper function to fetch a file from a URL.
Set the value of the URLconf.
Fix filename and line number and func name from a list of py3compat. cast_
Encode the remote domain and path of a mirror URL.
Creates the arg scope for the lenet task.
Open a file with the contents of the toc for a module.
Helper function to format a single job instance into a dictionary.
Split a statement into unquoted newlines.
Given a baseline and a list of dates overwrite any existing novel delta values with the values
Yields all revctrl entry points in the specified directory.
Converts a latitude to a zone number.
Require a context to be bound to an IP address.
Returns the boolean value in the dictionary with the given key. If the key is not in
Retrieve a set of activity objects from a group following group query.
Connect to the cloudhsm layer1 API.
Explode a list of filenames into a list of filenames.
Computes the similarity score between obj1 and obj2.
Run a module or test suite.
Returns a list of strings with the date in the given format
Remove the user - defined flags from the _config_vars.
Check if the user has permission or own the post.
Runs the setup script.
Main entry point for the dnf module.
Highlight a list of faces and save the result to a file.
Returns a list of formatting groups for a number using the formatting_pattern specified in RFC39
do an scpcreate
Return a random tweet
Calls function and defers its result.
Get the size of the Windows system.
Concatenate a list of strings into a single string.
Set the x and y values of all lights that are on.
Get the active configuration key.
List theincidents in the Pebble.
Updates the activity status andsummary of an activity.
Lift the repositoryd {}.
Yield the album with the given ID.
Get the current request audit info.
Gets the cluster manager from the config file.
mount cgroups
Save a model to a file.
Read a cached file and update the cache_info dictionary.
Detects and returns the number of devices supported.
Plots testing data based on testing data.
Load the media library.
Set video aspect ratio.
Make sure sys. stdout and sys. stderr are open.
Check if a path is added to the graph.
Returns the disk usage of the logs.
Return True if the given header_name is the header of the given header name.
Return a Series of floats that are greater than zero.
Returns the value of a function fn in the specified variable. Returns the value of the function
Convert a value to a string.
Builds the server configuration from the config values
Gets the new repository for the task.
Returns a dict of signal names to their respective signals.
Apply a post -fix to the expression of a function.
Append a value to a variable in the make. conf
Reads input from stdin or returns none if stdin is a tty.
This is a test function that converts HSL_to_rgb to RGB_part_
Group the tokens of tlist by t. number and t. keyword. order.
Combine two hashable variables.
Convert a string or float to an int and replace it with int and replace it with str
Writes the given string to the given file.
Add a suffix to a file name.
Return a list of the available images
optimizer function for the local elemwise operator
Get a scanner for a specific domain.
Check if the dfs path is absent.
Make width property setter for doc if doc is a string and not a string.
Get a nmanotification service.
Returns a list of settings that have been added to the index.
Get the item tolerance for a specific item.
Starts a web server for the given ip and port.
Returns the version number of the init file.
Returns the static URL of the given path. If the path doesn t exist or if the
Test function to flush the hist and store the stdout.
Update an existing security group
Calculates thehex of n if n is equal to num_ else returns num_
Recursively resolve all values in a nested object
Returns the gradient of the ridge penalty.
Returns the cwd of a process.
Check if the result is a valid geometry.
requires the application to be defined in pyopengl.
Create a configparser from a config file.
Create a location key for a particular block.
Get a random range of values between a and b.
Escape a string.
This function is used to display a series of commands. It is used to display a series
Removes the current thread from the database if the current thread is unproxied.
Get the timestamp from a given URL.
Returns a list of the names of the active virtual machine
test allknn fit
Create new values for a group snapshot.
Add the locale suffix to the cache key if settings. use_i18n is True
Returns the long description
Decorator to set the profile function.
Convert a numpy matrix to a numpy matrix.
Returns a list of dup_quo_grounds.
Converts the payload to the string representation of the number of times the number of times the
Fits the specified image to the specified width and height.
Saves the local facts to filename.
Return the virtual name of a boolean.
Get the badge for the given mode and user.
Yields all the tracebacks in the log files.
Returns the abstract text for the given section.
Display an image on the screen.
Splits an iterable into chunks of a certain size.
Return the phrase text for the head of tokens.
if the value of a boolean is greater than a given value
Returns a JSON representation of the given form.
Check to see if a subnet group exists.
Run all migrations online.
Return a slice for a random slice for a given shape.
Parses the given data and returns the result.
Assert that the unit tests in the Django database have changed in the given revision.
Computes the error between two amino acids.
Returns a dict of the args and kwargs passed to the function.
Checks that the weights are valid for a given number of components.
Joins a list of paths into a single string.
Parse a response into a file - like object.
Return the NaN value of a float.
Returns the URL to delete the comment.
Returns a label for a field in a model that has a value of lookup_expr.
Returns a string representation of the given date.
Execute an apf command and return its output. Raises a commandexecutionerror if the
List the number of processes in the system in a specified order.
Delete an option group.
Plays a sound file.
A wrapper for request. route_path.
Disconnect the socketio client.
Returns a list of all the files that have been reviewed by the given addon_guid
Reconstructs a URL from the environment.
Raises an AssertionError if output does not contain text.
Parse an object id into a key vaultid.
test function for curvelinear test.
Splits the string into its constituent part and returns it as a list of strings
Compute the cartesian representation of an object in a test frame.
Update the mean and variance of a gaussian with no data.
Create a py. io. terminalwriter.
Return True if obj has a parent of basepath.
Plot a series of value of a specified type.
Strip the common indent level from the given list of lines.
Update the provider location in items with new values
Creates a container view
Loads the library specified by lib. If lib_cls is specified the library is loaded
Displays command line options and saves the images to a file.
Create a response object with headers body and status code.
Emits a certificate event for a given user s certificate.
Match flag.
Create a new release of this package.
Authenticates the user with the given template and returns an authenticated authenticated user if the request.
Get the output of a gcodestep repository.
route for the products endpoint
Saves the description of the application.
A helper function to handle a reddit bots where a reddit bots failed.
Check if the locale_code is in sumo_languages. If not raise http404
Patched send_output method to not send the output of the client.
Estimate the mean value of one way in an ANOVA over a number of groups
Check for population availability of a unit
This is a test for the atciqd_aticq functions.
Get a volume type Qos specs.
Cancels allapicalls associated with this runtime.
Return the number of windows of length m from the length of n onbuffers of m.
receiver for published task.
Remove all the properties of an rc_object
Get all the widgets in the Qapplication.
Determine if the environment variable is in Gae.
Computes the mutual incoherence of a point on a strain.
A helper function to add warnings to expect_warnings.
Retrieve metadata from a PDB file or file - like object.
Attempt to convert a string to an int. If the string cannot be converted return 0.
Prints the bucket acl for a given bucket name.
Default implementation of the storage module.
Adds a null handler to the root logger.
Get the req_match value for a given request.
Returns a function that returns a recordings of the given string.
Return the index of the first occurrence of a key in a sorted list.
Create a base cipher from a dict of parameters.
Re - raise an exception that has not been raised.
Check that the two strings are equal.
Returns a list of provider instances that are available on the payment account.
Create an embedded plot.
Returns the number of pportinpaperout bits if the statusregadrs value is
global gcount = gcount + num_gcount
Convert a CFArray to a python list.
Given an element node and a prefix and a tetragrid return a new tet
Translate an option string using longopt_xlate
expect a prompt then perform a list of tests and send them to vm. expect a prompt
Determinemet base class.
Get a volume type by id
Do a git push if the user doesn t already have a git repo.
Returns the blueprint route for the given string.
Returns a list of the arguments to pass to sys. flags.
Fix the paths in package_data_dict.
Restart the named service. Returns the restart state of the service.
Convenience function for creating an HTTPConnection instance.
Return the precess from the j 2000cap internallyine of a specific epoch.
Gets all quota entries for a project.
Make a deep copy of d1 and d2 where d1 and d2 are merged
Internal function to filter the attenuation of a signal.
Simplify a fgraph.
Joins a list of strings into a single string.
Create a new tensor type 5.
Computes the kinetic energy along axis.
Return a set of elements that are common to both a and b.
Profile a function with cprofile.
Convert an array to a given dtype.
Get a key for a matrix.
Returns a valueerror for the given protocol and unpack_ipv4.
Apply a function to each element in a list or tuple.
Return a list of all environments
Returns True if the stdin is ready other than the current one.
Delete empty folders.
Replace str_ with str_
Multiply the complex Fourier transform with its real part.
Returns a copy of obj_dict.
Return a boolean indicating whether to skip a module.
Make a file client if it doesn t already exist
Compress a KML file into a string.
Join a user s avatar to a specific group.
Return True if str_ is in salt else False.
Format the given time to an ISO 8601 string.
Check if an object is a tool load error.
a = all = fieldvalues all = fieldvalues all = fieldvalues all = fieldvalues
Compare the language of a list of lang_list.
Load the data from the file.
Generate roots and weights.
Iterate over args and raise a valueerror if the length of the first argument is different.
Create a dummy model extension for testing.
A contextmanager that wraps the specified context manager in a nested context manager.
Writes an output value to the given port.
Convert ec2 id to int
Sets the global site URL to use for this generator.
Apply a function to match groups.
Refresh scores from the Django database.
This is the main entry point for iotile - tools.
Calls the leave_transaction_ management method of the transaction management service.
Returns a gcodtext string with the lines without redundancy.
Return True if the difference between a and b is less than eps.
Test Enhancements.
Create a new container or upload an object to a container.
Make a directory and its parents in the specified mode.
Check that censure s color image has a value of 0. 0.
Run a sudo command and return the output.
Validate the actions in the target.
Return a glorot - normal matrix.
newline with copy margin.
Returns the content_type = str_
XOR the key in buf with i. e. the value of the key in key.
Split frags into lines of length maxw.
Truncate a string to a certain length.
Force a string to be Unicode.
Convert a URI location to a URL path.
Check if info uses the GemV format and if not use the GemV format
Render the Texinfo node and raise a skipnode node.
Computes the difference between two images
Get a list of comments for a given tag.
Returns the user associated with the given token.
Strip HTML from string or iterable.
Run the repo s hg hook to check for new files in the repo.
Returns the virtual version of a string
route function for reviewing the data from the database.
Returns a string representation of a lookup expression for verbose_lookup.
Assert that all numpy arrays have the same shape and type
Returns the first level directory of the given path.
Attach volume to a server.
Get the unique vertices in the vertexdictionary
Prints the list of devices and their interfaces.
Returns the class of an object if it is a string else returns the type of the object
Get the value of an option for a given method.
Solve the real part of the real part of the real part of the real part of
This function requires the current application to be running.
Display a message and ask the user for yes or no answer. Returns True if the message
Get limit parameter.
Converts an http_response to a response dict.
Perform a git pull.
Returns the number of cctids that are available
Wrap a socket in an sslsocket.
Log the successful login.
Returns the number of the limit number of the current value or raises a malformedqueueconfiguration if
This test for numpy. random. uniform that returns 1d numpy. random. uniform that
Runs all migrations in an offline mode.
Get email preferences for a user.
Returns LaTeX from html.
Returns a list of of OpenFlow modules.
checkout the cart with aopping cart
Reset all permissions for a specified type of notification.
Evaluates the definition at the specified index.
Returns True if the value is a simple type.
Resizes and resizes an image.
Log the number of query count for a given name_point.
Create a simple block of given tuples of a given dtype.
Return the iddr value of a relationship between m n and k.
Get the id of a template
Get the remote IP address of a request.
Send and unpack the first batch of documents that match the given query.
Returns the user s home directory or none if the user is not on the system.
Computes a hash of the given iterable of conda packages.
Check if a file is a text file.
Get the current view of a childframe and return the view that is currently active.
Check if a point is close inline in the loop.
Convert an integer to a long.
Check that the lowercase object is valid.
Truncate fasta sequences to a specified base position.
Checks the parenthesisspacing.
Initialize the common LDAP initialization.
Checks the cli to see if the v router exists.
Memoize the version number of a package based on its version number.
Setup verabinary sensor devices.
Translate string to unicode.
Compute self - similarity matrix between feature vectors.
Format a number of bytes as a human - readable string.
Serialize a Python data structure to a pickle file.
Returns True if the request has the specified permission.
Helper function for _get_ prototype
Get a user list or create a user list.
Run all the packages in the tox env.
Test for consistency of label values.
Return the dipy version.
Returns the md5 hash of a word
Returns the mro of cls if cls is a class else returns the mro of cls
Takes a random number of ids and profile one new statement each time.
Adds zigbeelight devices to this platform.
Remove the quote from the end of the string.
Return True if str_ is in salt else False.
Sets the trimpoints in sff_dir to be clipped according to the length of
Create an annotated table from data.
require admin context for volume type access
Renders a template for a mobile addon.
Creates a load - balancervs
Test that a file is not in the format of its string representation.
Ohdave -rsa encrypt
Create a fake kqueue.
Assert that the data in the table is of the same type as the data in the header
Delete the metadata associated with a volume.
Returns a fingerprint and nickname from a string entry.
Concatenate a list of tuples or list of tuples into a single tuple.
Increase the retention period of a stream.
Returns a time. strftime from an ISO8601 formatted datestring.
Returns the number of users that are active website.
Splits a path into a list of strings
Perform a left - shift operation on input and output.
Returns the revision label for a given changeset revision.
Make relativee relative to basepath.
Decode a timestamp from a string.
Determine if the given file path is hidden or not.
Runs the given command and returns its output.
Test that the data is equal to the content of the w file.
Get the current status of a job
Creates a newenum object
Add or update a module repo from one or more old_repos.
Return a tuple of bool_ and str_ where bool_ is a string
Tppd physical information packet.
vsepr_build_correct_ answer function
Return the virtual version of this function.
Validate the bitmap value.
Return a list of tiles for a given set of tiles.
Returns a list of words with the + num_ suffix and the - num_ suffix.
Check if a locale is in the list of availablelocales
Strip site theme templates path from URI.
This is a helper function that can be used to copy a file from a remote URL to
Determine if two lists of token lists l and r are the same.
Make sure that the two tables have the same fill_value.
Get the text of a text file in an archive.
Read a 4 byte integer from a file - like object.
Get the package id of a package
Returns the path to the shared library file for the current platform.
A test for two active items in the history.
Generate a random integer id.
test for file system enumerations
Compute the apparent position in true coordinates.
Escape a string.
Get information about a subnet.
Ensure that a distance is a valid distance
Set the format of the x axis to the given frequency.
Run a single training step of the Ensemble.
Encode the given list of values with the given mapping.
Return True if the object is a tree.
This is a mock function that verifies that the DHCP options are valid.
Asserts that gcrs_frames have the same distance as the input frame.
Returns the local name of the attribute.
Escape a script tag.
Gets the new repository from the binary. Returns the binary of the new repository.
Extract a member from a zipfile.
Computes the tf - idf term for a list of vectors
Read the fif file and return it as a string.
Register a new formatter as a named warning.
Returns a list of ne chunk sentences from a list of string - tagged sentences.
Returns a string representation of a context dictionary.
Get a module class by class path.
Extract locks from the XML document.
Join the left and right tables.
Yields the number and the number of testtools to skip.
List all members of a screen.
Returns a tuple of inputs and outputs from a rule and a trigger file.
Enable or disable a feature feature feature feature feature subscription.
Get a device from the sensor config.
Test function for rfill_simple.
Get the zone of a node.
Validates that the provided path is a valid GCS bucket name.
Test Pendulumangular momentum
Returns an entity group protobuf.
Adds weights to the regularization loss if it is a string.
Create a new shape with n_ones padding to the left.
Determine if the current platform is an X64 architecture.
Test case of the PSI.
Connect a callback to be run when the application is running.
Generate the cookiesecret.
Call jsonrpc_call and print the stats.
Checks the vtkey in the vturl. Returns the number of entries in the vt
Decode string to printout.
dense orthogonal random matrix
Recursively copy some keys from in_dict.
Coerce a path to a bytes or text string.
Performs mutation test score on the given estimator and returns the mean score of the test.
Update a file.
Context manager for an expect_warnings context.
Try to open an open file on the slave.
Runs pip with a double install.
Assert that the world s absorb method is called and that the world s named function is
Returns a boolean indicating whether the user can delete the dictionary
Constructs the URI from the argument.
Check if the reference name is in the right format.
Returns a list of entries in a worker fake group that are present in the given group.
Make a histogram from a list of values.
Converts a string representation of a signal to a signum.
Create an instance of a genericscript.
Make sure that the minion is virtual
Normalizes a dict so that the keys and values are the same length.
Intersect a trust region with another trust region.
Expand variables in a path.
Runs the testiterource between two join nodes in a workflow.
Parse a string of GFF attributes into a dict.
Restore a backup
Add links to the summary config.
Return a sorted dict of value by the variable arg.
Make daily promotions and print them to stdout.
Return a dict of lib and id for a given field in a list of lines.
Returns a list of partners given the fragment index and the number of nodes.
Test function to write a table of fill values with masked values.
Compute random bootstraps for a given array.
Convert an index to one.
Create a new dashboard in the current user s organization.
Coerce a value into an int or raise a valueerror.
Fills a instance cell with apinning entry
This is a helper function for testing. It sets the user namespace and the namespace of the
Starts a new test worker thread.
Like django_static but doesn t raise an error if the static file doesn t exist.
Check if two variables are the same graph with merge operation.
Test for sampleclienterror.
Returns a list of request states.
Calculate the CRC32 of a string.
Returns the type of module and version if the module is not a module and version is not
List all nictags
Takes a list of dicts and returns a flat list of the toposorts.
print a course to the console
Load a template from its contents.
Inverse of the erf function.
Perform an HTTP PUT request.
Removes an approval from the cache if remove_from_cache is True.
Return True if x is an integer like x.
Given a list of matches yield the max max - min - max - min - max pairs
Ensure text is a unicode string.
Convert a native Python list to a native list.
Return the entries published in the queryset.
Re - initialize the global.
Render a single page.
Returns a validation error if the value is not a string.
Get the latest episode of a series
Converts x into a sequence if x is a sequence.
Check that the ica module can accept buffer of magnitudes and decim.
Returns the format for a struct.
Parse theories from a file and return a list of stories
Get the tag of the current ABI.
list all the floating IPs in the system
saturate a color by a percent.
Get the method for a resource in a given API
Create a notification for a prefix.
Command decorator for click. command
Send a message to a Slack user
Get the backing memorymap of a from a.
Loads a subclass of the specified platform class.
Converts a string to a string with spaces and newlines removed.
Remove a file or symlink
Initializes and raises a _stub_error if something goes wrong.
Get the IP address of a request
Return True if the named service is upstart and False if the service is not upstart
p_declarator_1 - > p_declarator_1 - > p_
Get the max name width for a list of service names.
Configures BGP on device.
Attempt to import str_ from i. core. completerlib
Assert that the multiproc is not running and that the user doesn t have the option to
Kills an image.
Register a string as an editingmode.
Create a load balancer policy.
Handle the response format for the treeio login process.
Returns themanipulated geometry output.
Return a dictionary describing the data.
Implements the timedelta sign implementation.
Convert a string of bytes to long.
Get the datastoretype for the current app.
Return the block average of x and y above new_x.
Write a chaintext with nounmessage message to a file.
List all the resource pools for this VMware environment
Returns the name of the subscription type that is available for the given subscription.
Render http_response injected into its content.
Computes the HMAC - SHA256 of the given key and etag.
Yield a list of tuples where each tuple is a label name and each item is a
Helper function to memoize the check_features function.
Register a simple tag to be used as a bootstrap theme.
Apply a filter to group_has_volumes.
Returns the storage engine instance.
Safely get a design by design id or user.
Perform an aggregate on a sequence of strings.
View of a twitter account with aan permission.
Translate a string to a different letter or other letter depending on the length of the string.
Register a pair of sndrcv commands.
Rename transcripts that belong to the current user.
Returns a list of all the models in the given list of app_labels.
configured reply function
Cleans the string for the IAM role.
Determine if a file is a reparse point.
Compute the md5 hash of the password.
Take a log and send a command to quteproc to ignore the log.
Get all remote methods for a view
Return a tuple of attempts date and matches for the given ticket.
Refresh the policy configuration from the given policy file.
Add zone slave devices.
This is a test for the DCOS API that is being used in unit tests.
take a number of items from iter and remove the first num_ items that are less than
Make a valuation from a list of concepts
test_empty_latest_listing for str_
Splits a line of text into words.
Renders the list of pages in the appropriate response format.
Collects the column names of the selected attribute specs.
Raise a runtimeerror with the specified where condition.
Calculates the overlap between the below loops and the bridger one.
Process a process with a device.
test function for min_informative_str.
Loads a collection of strings according to the specified storage type.
deauth the client if the monchannel is the same as the monchannel.
Format whois info.
Create or update a list of tool dependency objects.
Log information about the given infomsg.
Initializes a flowgram file.
Calculates the age of a given date.
Creates a new shabix with the given name and expected number of bits.
Check if the current version of boto3 is newer than the required version of boto3.
Convert an expression into a list of clause - list.
Return True if value is less than arg.
Export the given databook to the given file - like object.
Get the usage information for a fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed
Return the mathml representation of the expression.
Registers a class for a given language.
Convert an unsigned integer to an unsigned integer using the given struct format string.
Verifies that the step command output should contain count times.
get elementnode by key
A with - contextmanager that wraps the stdout and stderr in fake_stdout and fake_
Delete an event
Compare two objects o1 and o2 and assert that the two objects are close to a
Helper function for plot_unit_points.
Parses a list of host strings into a set of host names.
Get a retention policy.
Check if the coordination backend is configured.
Parse a string response and return its host and port.
Start a VM
Check a list of fields to see if they are valid
This is a unit test for the given output_format.
Returns the diff between the pipeline definition and the new pipeline definition.
Get the absolute file path for an object.
Returns the distance between the old location and the new location.
Read style files from a directory and return a dictionary of parameters.
Computes the factor product of the given factors.
Get the list of media.
Return the number of peak detections that are within t.
Returns a list of all of the objects of the given type that match the given regular expression
helper function for the _get_image_info function
Generate CRC - 16 table.
Indent a string by a number of spaces.
Create fake data and configure the table.
Moves a shots to the X Y and Z position.
Require the user to be logged in.
Returns a list of settings to be rendered in the response.
Get the tag of a node.
Create a new head at the specified path.
Return a boolean indicating if the path is a link.
benchmark for R7.
Calls a command with the given arguments and raises a calledprocesserror if the command is
Remove line breaks from each line of a string.
Calculate the sparse categorical cross entropy.
Get the docstring of a work by its ID.
Computes the Euclidian distance of an image.
Create a file or directory at the given path.
Connect and perform a handshake and then close the socket.
Calculate the square root of a cumulative distribution over a given axis.
Delete a config from the system.
Create apony application.
Builds the request type.
Get the barcode from the current sequence and the length of the barcode.
Tests the updatefollower of a user.
Open a window in an existing file - like object.
Create a cache cluster resource.
Returns the value of the return argument if may_be_null or may_be_
Returns a string representation of the i - th character.
Remove blacklisted items from filenames and remove blacklisted items.
Generate a list of strings.
Creates a new token store for the specified file.
Divide two vectors.
Generate a random string
Log result to logger. handlers.
Commit the changes to the database if using is none.
Compute the md5 hash of a resource.
Create a new channel for a client.
click. command.
Returns a string representation of the serial number of the field.
Find the most recently modified utmp.
Get the hashes of the updated changeset revision for a given app and owner.
Recursively get all of the attributes of an object.
Computes the spectral values of the adjacency matrix g.
Wang - Ryzin - Reg
Generator for streaming change events for a given transaction.
Make a graph of the desargues of the current graph.
Close the specified connection.
Determine the sockets in the addr_space.
Returns the intersection of two sets.
Converts a forward vector to a fixed or not - fixed or if the forward vector is
wrap x into m - m where m is a number between 0 and m where m is
Imports a library from the given XML string.
Returns the string representation of the desired package name
Registers a URL with an anonymous user.
Returns the value of the named dict or the default if the dict doesn t exist.
Returns a tuple of the boolean and the string_ as a string.
Tppd packet of status energies.
Test forlex_line_counting_multi_inner.
Helper function for grains
Returns a s3rest controller for the given level.
Locate a site s adspath from a description.
Returns the serialized JSON representation of the object.
Delete a file or directory.
Filter the preconditions of the given classes.
constructor for scipy. sparse. spmatrix. spmatrix. sharedvariable
A helper function for p_expression_uminus.
Test quartiles a and b.
Cleanse the value of a Django setting.
Return the number of times the object should be returned.
Install flocker for a set of nodes.
after test for quit_pyproc. after_test.
Raises an AssertionError if first is second.
Soft - delete an object in the collection.
Recursively encode a value.
Invalidate module pricing cache
Returns a list of regions for the given string.
Return a string representation of a column header.
Compute the entropy of a log - normal distribution.
Assigns the string s to the current statement.
A formatter function that dedents the node value from the node value.
Registers a bundle
Generate a random hash for a given number.
Returns a tuple of strings representing whether or not the file matches the given string.
Show the reset password command.
Find all repeats in the specified array.
Tries to guess the string using the default_api. guessit function.
Return the Hor cm_running status of a fake run.
Return a boolean if the element is at the start of the document.
Get old package revision license IDs
Sets up the colormap.
Adds histogram and scalar summary for the given activation tensor.
Returns a list of objects related to a given category.
Register a volume class
Find the start of the score in the given matrix.
Returns a URL with a force - quoted version of the given URL.
A wrapper around subprocess. Popen to catch an error and log the message.
Update the download result when a host has failed to download a blocklist.
Return the iexp of x x in m up to num_.
Helper function to update a value in a gecos instance.
Print an error message to stderr.
Determine if the given media is parsed.
Test raw data of the BDF dataset.
Unpack a file at link.
Create a stext with the given size.
Returns a repository that includes the latest downloadable changeset revision that has missing tool test components
Parses a URL into a string.
Perform a jit solver on a matrix.
Update a resource in a zone.
Converts a resource to a resource record set.
Return True if str_ is in salt else False.
Delete all the task instances associated with this task instance
Returns the frontend url
Display unified tfr.
Returns an error if the user has not completed the course or if the course is not completed
Helper function to add an attribute to a device pointer.
Test that make_inverse_operator is called when testing. requires_ testing_data is
Get a list of processes in the addr_space.
Convert a string to snake case.
Returns the JSON response from a requests. Response object.
Given a list of x intersections return the intersection of the x intersection of the x intersection
Insert orig_strides into the specified axis.
Returns a list of all the projects in the configuration.
Return True if the two paths are the same.
Method that will be called when the callback method is called.
Applies the imprint function to the env. generate_input_data.
Returns the current theme for the current request or None if the request is not set.
Reads a list of keys from a key - value pair.
Get the list of scheduler events associated with the given event.
Returns a list of all services that are enabled and available.
The main function of a spaCy application.
Ensure field name is in data_fields. Raises valueerror if field name is not
Format the current time of the generated configuration
Fetches the versions of the tool shed from the registry.
Parses element and updates record. lat and record. lon and record. lat and record
Callback to handle client connection info.
Returns a tuple containing the path and type of the template.
PAGING REQUEST TYPE 2 Section 9. 2. 1
Returns the filename of the version file.
Export a databook to a JSON string.
Get the schema for a given action in the action DB.
Estimate the mean and standard deviation from the weights.
Check that completions follow definition types
Returns the node state of the specified id.
Formats a device into a copy of it.
Converts an exception to a tuple of the number of error code and the number of error
Get the MD5 hash of a file.
Get the application ID.
Detach a zone
Encrypt data with AES mode of operation.
Returns a list of storage accounts
Write toplevel meta data with an astropy warning.
Create a symlink from source to destination.
Generate a random number.
Check if the number of jobs is valid.
Reads a file and returns the contents of the file. If the file does not exist
Get the logging level of the current context.
Parses a list of strings and returns a dict of the keys and values.
Loads the list of SQLshows from the database
Check if the write of the repo is correct.
return the number of waiting keys for a message to be sent.
Create a file - like object for a directory.
Add a schema entry for a property type.
Decodes a string using a custom function.
Converts a date to a datetime.
Create a transform matrix with offset and center.
Print the test job.
Find a resource by its human - readable name or ID.
Compute the eigenvalues and eigenvectors of an aligned memory.
Returns True if the environment variable should be profileed otherwise False.
Validate that value is a string of max_len.
Escape the value if it s a string.
Returns a list of tuples where the first item is the string and the second item is the
Register a klass as a type.
Converts a string to a unified date.
Format an IPv6 address.
Yields the module name and the status of the assigned metadata.
Check if the request host is in the whitelist.
Deletes the specified user from the database. Returns True if the user was deleted False otherwise
View for treeio_login_required widget.
Returns the name of the module if it is virtual else False.
Register a canonicalization function.
Returns the last argument of a function argument by reference.
Generates the translations for the given item.
Check if a graph is a threshold graph.
Gets the account ID from an ARN.
Calls talib withohlc count
Assert that an event is of a datasource protocol.
Updates the global vmx_path global variable
Return a list of unit names that are static
Convert a schema to a dict of schemata.
Forces sys. exit to force it to exit.
Evaluate a function f and g and return its result.
Context manager to disable the size of the buffer and enable it in the vimbufferproxy.
p_struct_or_union_specifier_1 - > p_struct_or
Returns an array of the given shape and dtype as a ctypes array of the given shape and
Create a filter query from the given arguments.
Instantiates and returns the allocation module.
Convert a dictionary of lookups into a dictionary of URL parameters.
Process xmodule assets
Takes a machine dict and updates it with the machine s values.
Print the error message and exit.
Returns True if the specified device ismounted.
Return True if the module is virtual False if the module is not virtual
Check if a segment iscompletely in an intersection.
Print a list of available languages.
Convert rads to radsec
Substitute a string literal with another string literal.
Returns the evidence URL for the specified user and course.
Update the keyhint and update the keyhint as appropriate.
Set the value of the subtensor at i to zero.
Scale a number to a value between inlow and outlow.
Return the ids of the shared task i.
user detail view
Create a cell is rule with differential style.
Returns a list of directory names for the given directory name.
Convert a document model to an entity schema.
Remove an image from a container if it exists. Returns a boolean indicating whether the name is
Get float value.
Returns a list of nodes matching the specified filter
Sample from a mixture of pred_weights pred_ means and pred_std.
View function that checks if the user is a member of the specified currency. If the user
Checks if the code is old or new
p_definition_type = num_
Group function for flask bb. group
identity Response Section 9. 2. 7
Resolves the object x and returns it. If x is not a pdfobj
Connects the identity loaded signal to the associated user.
Returns True if the config_file is a valid password file.
Count the number of records in a file.
Installs the application asgi
Return a deferred that fails with the given result.
Delete the info cache for an instance.
Prints out equalitypreds for each pair of tokens.
List repos in sources. list.
Return a list of doctests in text_file_dir.
Fetch the value of an option from the ret_config.
Return a boolean indicating if the value is True.
Add a random MAC to anonymize a given interface.
Format args and kwargs.
Check if the system state of a given action has changed.
Redirect to the create view of the specified root.
a = b c = d where a = b c = c. d is the interval
require that the user be logged in
Test function to cross a 3d array.
Get support mail.
Attempts to parse a string into a datetime object. Returns None if the string cannot be
ISO 8601 for datetime.
Threshold the background of bayes.
Read an RLE value from a file - like object.
Get a node by its host and its nodename.
A test for category links plugin with customer groups.
Splits a string into a list of integers according to str_.
Sets the power state of the machine.
Close the cover tilting entity for the given entity.
Extract parameter pairs from a list of parameters.
Convert a percent value to an int.
Check if an object is a file
Get images table.
upscale an image by a ratio.
poly_lc function.
Concat xml file_list and return checksum and elementtree.
Checks that the f is correctness channelwise.
daemonize if str_ is a daemon
Adds the str_ to the protocol commands.
Get all the audit log files that are older than now in the given time range
Assert that each instance of module_completion is an instance of module_completion.
Get the image metadata from the system metadata.
Stop a running command
Print a single job to the console
Starts a new thread that calls the given function in the new thread.
Get a port from a device
Create a sleep event.
temp_base = temp_base temp_base = temp_base + temp_base
Gets the string representation of the sheet of the element node. Returns an empty string if
Test stock well API.
always yes
Read strings from a file and remove strings that start with str_.
Creates a client for working with cloud blockstorage.
Returns a float representing the ordinal of a datetime.
Runs a unit test on sympy pi.
Display an error indicating that the request requires acsrf token.
Create a category from a sequence of bits.
Returns the path to the renewal file for the given lineagename.
Returns a list of all collectors.
Returns the number of GPUs in the system.
Returns a list of absolute paths to plugin packages.
Renders an exception view.
Write complex128 data.
Expand a list of column list from the order_by of the columns in collist.
Performs a fit_sample of the editednearestne neighbours using the specified indices.
Check to see if a topics exists.
Sorts an input iterator by batch_sort. The output_class can be specified by
Get the datetime of the commit id
Find the release date source for a release.
Get a connection to the mail backend.
Get a new seed.
Run a test schema checking in the requirements file.
permission required for a thread
Delete the draft of a folder on the crispin.
Run a test in a test suite.
Inserts a new record into the database. Returns the newly created record.
Returns an integer that represents the value of the array m. m is the size of the
Updates a port in the calico network
Generates a random salt of specified length.
Reads the number of directory changes in the watchdog file associated with the given handle.
Test the learning rate of the step schedule.
Helper function to determine if an image is present.
Parse a module text string into a module tree.
Raise raisedarguments.
Normalize a version string.
Register a simple tag for a crispy field.
A with - contextmanager that hide the given attributes from the given object.
Acquire the global lock if needed.
Initialize a module.
task class decorator for command options
Helper function to convert a list of attachments to a sequence of attachments.
Open error resource
Return an Xobj of specified length.
Returns True if confirm_time is within _confirm_time_limit seconds.
Sends all messages in the queue until all messages are sent or the queue is empty.
Install a list of packages to be installed in the XBPS module.
Tests if the setup. py is in setup. py.
skipif test that uses html. htmlinputter. htmlinputter. htmlinputter
Recursively scan a directory and subdirectories.
Return the total volume of an inv item.
Prints a list of queries to the console.
Return a list of c from u.
Registers a function to get the documentation path for the given extension in the context.
Test the scenario with inline comments.
Set a human resource controller
Finds an application s path in the searchpaths. Returns the absolute path to the application
Return the endpoint address associated with the provided address.
Makes a tmpdir for the fixture and returns its absolute path.
Return the content s parents based on the given set of ids.
Returns a list of the datasets a user is following.
Helper function to add a batch axis to a tensor.
Print a random logo to stdout.
Splits the port number into its component and returns it if it is a port number.
Clone the repo into the repo root.
Split a string into the version number and version number.
Appends the string this_string to the policy data. If append_only is True
Pass a bracket in source.
Gets a list of teams in an organization.
Displays the person s note
Wraps the gettokeninformation function in a Unicode safe way.
Sets the default middleware defaults
Yields all files with the given suffix in the given path.
Show the weights of a given model.
Convert naive timestamp to UTC.
Expect login_required to return a JSON response with the course_key and the course_
This function extrudes a file and prints its contents.
Gets the batch notification listener for the given targets.
Adds a new layer to the classifier network.
Test the prefix of the table.
Returns True if the view is a list view.
Check that the gemini file is in the correct format.
If expected is not argument. ignore then raise exc_missing that is not argument. ignore
Returns the unwrapped Ball.
Make a 2D grid from x1 and x2 where x1 and x2 are
Gets a list of values for the given keys. Returns a list of values for the
This is a test function that extracts small values from the test data.
Raises an AssertionError if the response is not the expected response.
Unescape a command.
Wraps the init method of thelibemodule class.
Find the base image of the given flavor and extract the kernel and initrd
test for E
Remove any null reference call and pairs from a function.
Adds the checksums for a GLACier.
Parses a list of colors using a function.
Tries to catch the request and returns an exception if it fails.
Pull an image
Check that all values in the ensure_list_csv are of the same type.
Stop the reactor and print the result.
Create a vbd
Remove modules in pre and post
Compare two filenames for a given date and return the first file s name or None if the
Return a function to open the given path in the bdd.
Returns a JSON string of the sentiment of a document.
Ensure that the named service is absent
Copies the contents of src to dst.
Test that the description of feature3 is a string.
try to find the given package in the searchpaths
Export the given id_or_symbols as an API that can be used to update the
Return the other_endian value of the given type.
nearest to specified axis and depth
Print theusionmatrix of classnames.
Convert a list of items to a dict.
Get all EIP addresses.
Dumps a function object to a pickle string.
Unpack a bitstring into a numpy array.
Return a leaf with a newline character at the end.
Notifies the specified message in the specified topic with the specified envelope.
Remove an instance from a cloud provider
read a config file and return a dict
Extend a salt - extend task.
Wrap a function with a hold of True.
Group a stream by an object.
Return a short string.
Get the index of the closest distanceindextopoint to the given point in loop.
Get the indent word from the source.
Convert a datetime. datetime object to a long timestamp.
Compute posterior probability probability of feature selection for a list of documents.
Return a list of floating IPs
Adds a boolean to the context if we re in debug mode.
Return True if addr is a valid IPv6 address.
Get OAuth settings.
Add a new member to the lists.
Combine the whitespace from a list of parts into a single string.
Generates a random jittercoord based on the given x - values.
Returns True if sys. _meipass is frozen False otherwise.
Builds html and latex for all pages.
Computes the number of calibration values.
Computes the mean rank of the data.
Run markdown from file.
Log - likelihood of the multivariate normal distribution.
Asserts that the list of words in the string is the same as the list of words
Import a CSV file into the store.
Convert a value to a slug.
Load test suite from test module.
extend_links is a helper function that calls the extend_links function of lixian
Render a template to a string.
Returns a list of library directories in the config.
udp of bytes src and dst.
Swap two rows in matlist at a given index.
Prints progress by progressstring.
internal error helper method
Return a copy of the target matrix where the element is greater than or equal to mat.
Concatenates a list of originallists and returns a new list of Concatenates
Get information about an object.
Return True if l is a list.
Kill a coroutine.
Local addition fusion.
Get the list of inactive IDs from apns
Check if the given key is expired and return the corresponding URL.
Validate string values.
Return ancestry of the given path.
The signal receiver function that sends the notification email if the contacted status is different from the
Start a gluster volume
Get the current state of the current activity.
Removes. pyc and. pyo files
Runs pip with a missing argument.
Resolve a document.
Return a parammodule object initialized from the given mpstate.
Log an exception into the logger.
Adds or updates the specified decompiler based on the specified information.
Return generator of localization strings.
Test for bad ratio of smoteresources.
Load the configuration from the user config file.
Converts a sequence of bytes to an integer.
Parse the updates line.
Compute the log - density at x for a spherical model.
Extract a file and its contents to a directory.
Returns a string representation of the output of an operation action.
fake. fake_is_object returns True if the fake is an object
Returns the function that is run at the same time as the _run_enabled function.
Returns a list of subpackages of a given package.
Get the username of a user.
Yields a session and closes it.
Checks if the value is a validimdb person id.
Assert that uuid is unique
Get an access token from the code provided.
Calculate the number of bins used by Freedman - Diaconis.
Set expire timestamp for a given key
Render a template to a file.
Verifies that the certificate is valid.
A test function that randomifies a computation.
Computes the spherical harmonic coordinates.
Install the readline hook in the Python interpreter.
Try to find an IPv6 socket on the system.
Check if a host and port are available.
Create a WSGI application.
Build the packages in the jail with the pkg_file in the jail
Load a module from the filesystem.
Converts a list of RGB values to an RGB value.
Cleans the groupname in the string if it is not in the list of allowed group
Creates a disk from the distribution of a Linode.
Calculate the log - likelihood of an observation according to nb. dimensionality
Ensure dashboard is absent
Create a new figure canvas.
Initializes the client test for the given test name.
Returns the md5 hash of a word
Prepend the netloc and path to the end of the URL if the scheme and netloc
Map rows to field_name using the pluck function.
Returns a list of the available theme dirs.
Return the literal value of a node.
Create a keyhint view and add it to the config_stub.
Subelement to set the text of the job.
Returns the portgroup associated with a uplink portgroup.
Get the parent module of the given level
Verifies that the bucket is writable.
Registers the file extensions.
Decode string to unicode.
Checks if a URL is a valid URL. Returns True if the URL is a valid
Set the value of a string variable.
Summarize activations with str_ and summary_collection.
Return statistics about the network interface interface.
Returns the string representation of the value if it is a lowercase string. Otherwise returns none.
Find the scene absolute numbering.
test constructor for onesidedselection
Return True if the given method is a static method of the given klass.
Initializes a GAF file with the given properties.
Callback for the genclientlib command.
Set SSL certificate.
Run the WSGI application.
Strip the prefix from the device name.
hide all nameservers in a string
Convert an IPv6 address to text according to RFC 1924ptoc.
Returns the session query for the given model.
Sort a list of records by the given key.
Create a tree from a list of files.
Returns a string with the treetypes of the tree root.
Yields an iterator over a list of container objects
Get the name of an instance.
Register a string as an editor.
Get an ARN given a name.
Set the position of the media player.
Create a config spec for a dummy VM.
Load summaryprotos from the datastore.
Extracts the SSLwrapsocket and has_sni attributes from the connection object.
Perform a logarithmic linear interpolation between x and y.
Returns True if the set of nodes is a independent set.
Return the bitmap of the image at the specified layer and coordinate.
Get the vns id
View function that checks if the user is logged in and if it is a member of the
Remove a site.
Returns a string representation of a semver version.
Return the status of the named service.
Parse a version string into a tuple of integers.
Multiply the dimension of two arrays.
Returns the node s fixture for the language with the code str_.
Returns the web attack vector for a given string.
Compute regularization values.
Query the given URL and return the response.
Ensure that the named template is absent
Create a palette with the given light and color.
Check if a link is available on the system.
This is a decorator that checks that the test is visible. It also checks that the test
Check if a type is a string.
Attempt to parse a gid into an int. Raise keyerror if the gid is invalid
Return True if the environment variable is a standard environment variable.
Register the pln_lang module with the pln_lang mgr.
Return the sn predicting pre data for a given snapshot
Get the number of cpu cores in the system.
Test for consistency on a serial device.
Write a string to a file.
Take a list of one - dimensional ndarrays and return a list of one - dimensional ndarray
wrapper for subprocess. Popen. check_output
This is a test function for an option parser.
View function that handles the response in the appropriate format for treeio_login_required.
Sample thewt_fit of the allknn.
Returns the size of the file at the given path.
Return the subscription controller.
Find an executable in the current working directory.
Get the points in a harrisim instance that are within a specified distance threshold.
Encodes an image with rings.
Dump data to a pickle file.
Set the basic logger class.
Validate device and partition
Returns the cluster urls.
Truncate an alert to a maximum number of bytes.
Returns the binary associated with the given string.
Converts a 32 bit integer to a 32 bit integer.
Return a list of sub - lists.
Get the version number of the rar5 file.
Reverse a URL.
Redirect to specified location with specified code.
Check if scenario1 and scenario2 tags are set to a string.
requires that the user to be a member of a staff member
Set the relationship strategy for the load option.
enter text in the language of num_ and save the component.
Registers a simple boolean icon.
Returns the SQL to flush the specified tables and sequences.
Upload an image stream of an image to the virtual machine.
Apply to audio loop that requires a certain number of seconds.
Invertq transform
Yields a generator of targets from the given target_source file.
main entry point
Displays the twitter inbox and redirect back to the main page.
List all users in the API.
Delete a VM
This is a test function that writes a string with no header and no delimiter.
Return True if the given weight is adyad weight.
Returns True if the elements of nested_list are in obj.
Shows the version number of the current version of the CLI.
Convert a string representation of a value to a BSON document.
Check if the user is logged in
Parse the content of an HTTP response.
Validate that the value is a valid read preference.
Helper function to execute a plugin
Make the estimator ignore warnings.
Loads the pattern cache from theldconfig.
Compares two numbers by signed - or - sign - comparison.
Make a slug for a list of strings.
Parses version_string and returns a version object.
if has_m2 == True return the name else if has_m2 == False
Return a list of items that are common to both lists.
Return a list of user agents that require a get request to the wiki page.
Import a module by its name.
Return a list of primary key names for a SQLAlchemy model.
Modify the lowlayer compatibility packet.
Replace the hostname and hostname of the URL with the one specified by host_addr.
Extracts a snapshot of the disk.
Get the matrix of the difference between two values.
Return a list of domains in a certificate.
Check the symlink ownership.
define the list of servers in the global configuration
Return the number of cpu cores.
Setup the platform.
Reopen a zpool
Return the application to quit the application.
Returns a list of binaries for Qt5 plugins in the given directory.
Check if nupicbindingsprerelease is installed
stage the platform Hpp file.
Send data to a file on the network.
Check to see if a DHCP options with the specified name and tags exists.
Asserts that a blob is available on the test storage bucket.
Returns a list of positive integers from argument.
Register a new tag with highlight_tag.
Create a new derivativeer element and return it.
Make an ad - external covariance matrix and save it to a file.
Add the raw stats to a section.
Return the hazard controller.
Copies the transpose of the input tensor to the same shape as the other input tensor
Disconnects the given API from the given output. Returns a report of the disconnects.
Remove old versions of data from the database.
Gets a template from the environment.
Remove handlers from the given app.
Get thesegmented text from the provided text. If the text is not in the repository
Adds the given menu to the given window.
Print a graphsize argument report.
Given a list of files find all the lines that are in the files and return a list
check if html is valid
Import aorskip module
Use sync_request instead of sync_request to print the duration of a given list of
Returns the most recentexreduceises of a given user.
Return a list of paths to include in the header.
Configure the platform.
Wilks function.
Ensure that the set of string dtypes in the dtype_set is the same as the dtype
Returns a label for a field.
Update an existing Xinga library.
Register a lexer for a given language.
The main entry point of the datastorebackup script.
Converts a timestamp to the specified timezone or the specified timezone.
Show the information of an existing host group
Make a string from one string to another.
Reads the stored checksum of a target table.
Moves the last num_ characters from the end of text.
Log the user if their is_active is True and then redirect to the login page.
Strip trailing whitespace from each line of a string.
Returns True if path starts with tag and length is not in string_
Report an unknown attribute of a logging. error.
Creates a session object with the specified values.
Convert a datetime to a Timestamp protobuf.
Return a random uuid4 hex string
Wrapper function forfs. relpath that returns the path to the root file.
like p_binary_expression_2 but for t
Read the cached content of a file.
Generate a random string array of specified size.
Remove the inspector from the window and remove it from ctx. inspector.
Check that the channels in the evoked file are equal.
Returns a list of all the parameter values for a given service
Returns a boolean indicating if the content group has children that are visible to specific content groups.
Generates a random string of n characters
Update the bw usage for the given uuid
Create an arc2 base cipher with the given parameters.
Call Xenhost API
This function will convert the geometry output to a string and then rename the xmlelement.
Turn each item in the list into a string.
This is the command line interface for the managementfeed method.
Create an engine for testing.
Runs the condor_submit function and returns the external_id and the message.
Removes samples that match the sample_match string in the file path.
Decodes a string using a custom function.
Returns a fake site name.
Returns a debug representation of a signal.
Unpacks event_id into a list of event ids.
Parse a string representation of a method descriptor.
Returns True if the given name is available in all available instances of get_all.
This function is used to send a command to the hook.
Generate a dot code for a node and render it as HTML.
Convert a string of Fortran code into a tuple of Fortran code.
Assert that the clock is idle.
Check if the pay pal id is valid.
Puts a string into stderr if it s not already a string.
Returns a context dictionary with all of the announcements that should be visible in the DOM.
Returns the key for the argument or raises datastore_errors. badargumenterror if the argument
Make the list of desired capabilities for a saucelabs report
Return a tuple of the name of the virtual environment
test_sip_hst. py
Determine whether x is apuiseux of p. ring. ring
Create a list of dictionaries.
Create an editable list form.
p = num_ where num_ is the number of elements in p where num_ is
test for empty attributes.
Read the head shape from a file.
Converts a list of paths to a list of paths and removes any that are not in
Returns the osname and osid for the specified flavor.
Return the node betweenness.
Returns the size of a buffer for a specific interface
Render the diff context and return a string representation of the diff link.
Fix the text to make it XML - friendly.
Takes a list of locations and returns the shortest path.
Fit a nearmiss instance to an invalid ratio.
Returns the size of the given queue. If the queue is empty - 1 is returned.
Generate a list of strings for each module in the input text.
Set the devicemtu.
Register an assignment tag for a given page and anchor.
Registers a new configuration.
Convert a list of HSV values to RGB values.
Gets the path between the helix complex and the xmlelement.
Return a list of the active children of the current process.
Return the correct controller for trackpoint.
Return the basename of a list of files.
Render a label.
A helper function to create a scipy. sparse. eye with a string column.
Discard the response body.
Make a histogram from a histogram with label.
Apply a fold to a dataset.
Get datasets for a list of lddas.
Deletes the task from memory
Get a volume flow
This is a unit tests for a repository that should clone a project.
Get the weight of the block.
Splits a string into a list of strings.
3 - tuple of 3 - tuple tuples.
Write the given data to the given file descriptor.
Generates a set of random names.
Sync all the data in all the different environments
Configures the platform for the device and calls the add_devices callback.
Destroys a volume type.
Returns True if x is an array - like object.
Creates a mutc resource type.
Decomposes the power of the expression.
Creates a private IP from the given linode_id.
Returns a string representation of the given version.
Return True if the request matches the filter.
Parse the SSH password from the command line.
Adds vectors to the vocab.
Check if the provided image name is a valid image name.
get real social auth object
Loads the build configuration and all of the specified plugins and backends.
Make a tensor of the same shape and type as t. tensortype.
Returns the configured salt host interface
Check if the module is virtual
Download a web file from the given URL. If the file already exists and overwrite is True
Returns the executable of a process with the given pid.
Return a string representation of the exception message.
Unpickle a model given a model and a set of attributes.
Returns the full url of the given server name server port and relative url.
Makes sure that the command s script_parts are in app_names.
Check if the bgzf file should be closed.
If arg is a string return the attribute of the element else return the attribute of the element
Gets all the mirrors for a given git name.
Returns an ssl adapter class
List the contents of a queue.
Convert a path to a file URI.
Check and exit the process of the given options.
Takes a series of applications and versions and returns a new series where the applications are flattened
Get the application id from the environment variable str_.
T std_dlldy function
Add the fssil segment at the given powerline.
Get an attribute from the configuration.
p_definition_token should be a list of tuples where each tuple represents a definition token
Checks if a user id already exists in the database
Evaluates the image.
Same as for for_dtypes but returns a generator for each element of the input array.
Wrapper for the predict function.
Run the application on the given port.
Validate sound and return the title if it is a list of strings.
This function takes a string of payload and returns a string of the payload.
Wrapper for filesystem. delete and exit the filesystem as JSON.
Filter the private variable from origin_node to be the same as origin_node in the
Return the formatted outputter string for the given data.
Move a file from a source bucket to a destination bucket.
Initialize console logging.
Encode all attachments in a mime message that are not part of base64.
Blend two or more tables together.
click. option for Supervisor configuration.
Find the leftmost item of list a where x is the value of x
assignment expression for p_assignment_expression_2 - > p_assignment_expression_2
Displays the details of the orgfacility.
Execute a command via the salt runner API
Display the differences between two dictionaries
Reads the partition file.
Format an exception into a list of lines.
Returns the forecast for the specified location
Process an element node.
Gets a list of the student in the whitelist. Returns a list of the student in
Set the policies of a load balancer backend server.
Remove all variables that start with str_ from the current context.
Refine a basic expression.
Adds a package to a set of installed packages.
Return a grrapi object for the given endpoint and page size.
Returns a filter that creates a list of taskasks
Returns the template associated with the given accessor for the given type and types.
Raises an assertionError if the settings_names_dict does not contain required settings.
Sends an email notification for an order.
Decodes a task payload.
Generate a random filename.
get host by port from url
Returns a list of all packages in the package server
Apply post - match to first and second after the first match.
Runs the specified commands. Returns the number of commands required.
Count the number of chunks of a given file.
Check if the user can login to the review request.
urlsafe_b64encode the data.
Return the sha1 digest of the given object.
Expand os. path. expandvars and os. path. expanduser.
Returns the workflow if the name is a local service or a workflow if the name is a
Returns True if the value of a column has a value.
Create a topic.
If task. skip is true return func and reload the task.
Perform a netstat on Linux systems
Return a copy of a dict that only has the given keys.
Recursively build a service from the passed list of components.
Converts a failure object to its type value and traceback object.
Calculate the power of a normal distribution.
Compute the MDB - old password based on the salt.
Returns the configuration of the configuration object.
Convert an object to aaferepr string.
Add two images.
Returns a new _subprocess instance with the results of running regex on the given data.
Returns a list of all thelocales that are available to the application.
Test for divmod operation.
Provides a mock keyparser for keys that are not in the expected set of chains.
Creates a new metadata entry for a volume. See the volume_glance_metadata_
Return month object by month name
Returns a string format of the given value and argument.
Returns a legendre instance for x.
Call freeview_bem_surfaces method
Adds an organization course to the user s organization.
Get the default site name for a given app name.
Download the set setuptools package if it doesn t already exist.
Returns a list of all flag objects for a specific user.
Computes the error rates between label and expected value.
Convert cartesian to polar coordinates.
Creates a new thin logical volume with the given name and size.
Returns the latest downloadable repository metadata if it s includes_tools set in the repository.
mock requests get method
Ensure that the named service is absent
Create a constant of num_ with the value of dtype.
Evaluate xmlelement and return xmlelement.
Converts a path from POSIX to an absolute local path.
Return a signingmodule for the given mpstate.
Test function that returns the difference between two normals.
Updates the unread queries for the given list of regexs.
Create a random matrix of the specified number of dimensions.
Get a float value by the given keys
receiver function for when a job wasapproved.
Computes the training model.
Crops an image to a square.
Get or create the profile for this user.
Returns a dict with the memory info of the process.
A helper function that sets the shell s main. str_ and sets it in the test
Renders the provider URL and returns the response.
Sends a set of command - line arguments tospyder.
Enable named outer atomic context - manager.
Log a step note that the current context s value is the given string.
Return the current week day.
Split low tag into low and low name.
Shortcut for the gitio hook.
Writes the given data to the file at the specified path. Returns the length of the
Reverse the given path.
Get the secondary language for the current site.
Returns the account associated with the given target. If the account is not found None is returned
modules that require treeio to be logged in.
Parses a simple flake into a simple flake struct.
Parse a streaming media json object.
A helper function to convert a node into a Gemm instance.
Writes data to stdout.
Parse the game player stats from a JSON response.
Returns a colorized string.
The main function of the script.
Get the user - defined root of the environment.
Set the memory limit.
Converts a string representation of a SQL identifier into a Unicode string.
Parse the localename into a tuple of strings and an optional modifier.
Return True if x is a iterable and False if x is a string.
Context manager to restore the previous context manager.
Render a value in the context using the conditional_escape function.
print the number of times the function is called
Show details about a specific key pair
Unzips a sequence of lists into a list of lists of nout
Checks if an image is extendable.
Check if the file is in the whitelist_pep8 format.
Detach an existing load balancer from its state
Parses a list of stories
Returns a tuple of bool_ and str_ where bool_ is either True or False.
API vk method
Downloads the given file from the given path. If the file does not exist raise a
Returns a string out of a list of words.
Kills a geoserver task.
Returns a list of components and the full path of the given path.
Set the SELinux module to the specified state
Returns an RVM with the specified version.
maybe_call will call thing if func is not defined it will call thing if func is
Returns the sum of the directional variance of x in x between w.
A wrapper for the astroid function to catch and print the astroid buildingexception exception.
Returns the number of messages stored in the cookie.
Extracts the full url path and query from the URL.
Return the user name from the request context or the default.
Returns a list of version strings corresponding to the given list of versions.
Remove a section from an ini file.
Change the global debug mode.
Remove the dependency of target_name from the dictionary of targets.
Evaluate the marker and return a boolean indicating whether the text is invalid.
try to return a list except typeerror
Format a fasta record.
Collapses spaces and other whitespace from the given string.
Internal helper to handle an error.
Check if a policy s cache headers are valid.
Get a poetry client
Test for human - readable format.
Add a ratelimit rule to the global rules list.
Delete empty folders
Apply baseepochs to data after Concatenate.
Mine the master pillar data
helper function to save regexiptables
Read a julian number.
Decode a string to utf8.
Check if a connection is dropped.
Function to apply a channel ring to the image.
Obtain OpenStack version number.
Escape a string by str_ + str_.
Convert a comment to a string.
click. command - line option
CLI option for the application.
test_ two_model_instance_arly_1d and test_two_model
Load X. 509 certificates from a directory.
Emulate hscan.
Return a new string with the hex values removed from the given list.
Create a step function that verifies that the course start and end dates and times match the
Returns a string representation of the table.
Resolves symlinks
Decompress a base64 string.
Return the ratio of the unicode ratio of two strings s1 and s2.
Parse the authentication header.
Remove the squeeze along the specified axis.
CLI argument parser for clear_password.
Perform the XOR of two strings term1 and term2. term1 and term2 must
Return the number of bytes read from a file - like object.
Create a temporary file in the specified directory. Returns the path to the created file.
Get the project name from the user s environment variable.
Set a value for a field in a document
Return the path to the specified jail
Recursively reload a module.
Converts a locale to a language lower cased one.
Returns the basename of a path.
test function to instantiate regression objects
Computes the dup_spherical_bsettings function of a spherical B\'
Returns a list of load balancer backends that are configured for Openshift.
Set enable = True for all objects in the list
Update the neighborhood and city with the first result of the woeid.
Copies the state of a future from source to dest.
Update the projection of the parameters with new bools
This is a test for pip to normalize a particular VCS URL.
Returns the locale or the default locale if the locale is not available.
Resizes the input image to new_width new_height and saves it to out_
Decode a BSON timestamp to python timestamp.
Prepends http to the URL if necessary.
Finds the account and token in the environment or returns an empty tuple if the environment is
Create image assemble error status
Make the lineage of a config file.
Returns the value of _negotiate_value. regex if it exists else returns none
View to check the user s credentials.
Converts a media size into a long integer.
Returns the loop counter and the total loop counter.
Print the installation summary.
Returns a human - readable string representation of the duration in seconds.
Adds str_ to the global global config object
Configure logging configuration.
Add a header to the context.
Convert a range to a list of nets.
Decode an 64 - bit string into a list of integers.
This function reads the client options from the config file.
Get the network with the specified CIDR.
Function to test the erfinvgpu.
Returns a list of formatted tags from a dict in AWS format.
Reset the global session.
Yields the line numbers of the given code.
Send alerts for all products.
Update the specified target with the specified dependencies.
Parses the test YAML file and returns None.
Checks that the target is not in the specified sections. Raises systemexit if no
Reset the warnings in the given filters.
Make sure the real part of the string is a netbsd string.
This is a test function that deletes a certain number of old test cases.
Return the common multiple of a and b.
Attempts to decode the given encoding. If the encoding is not a string try to decode
local git branch
Get the version number from the config file.
Returns the host associated with the given ip address.
Count the number of coils in the coils. Return a numpy array of the number
Determine if a package is running in a pre - upgrade mode.
Get the options from the minion
Wrapper around subprocess. call_command_async for Python 2. 7 and Python 3.
Takes a list of apps and returns them in cascade order.
Delete a draft and schedule a schedule action.
Return a dup with the normal form of the element - wise normal form of the element -
Convert a string into an int and change it to a string with a comma separated value.
Find the parent of an element that has the specified tag.
Prints a debug message for the given arguments.
Convert an input file to a binhex file.
Returns the Openshift version of the container
Returns the controller class to use.
Create the model.
duplicate the specified media.
Updates the floating IP value for the specified address.
Tear down the warnings. warnings. warnings. warnings. warnings. warnings. warnings.
Create a new key.
peeks the file and returns the path and the head of the file.
Check if a node has an acceptable title.
Get a link from source_db to target_db using the option specified in option.
Remove a system rc from the system
parse a subject into a dict
Map a string to a function.
Log the updates to the log.
Checks the permission of the specified dataset.
Setup the platform.
Loads a dictionary from a pickle file.
Puts all entities into the datastore at datastore_path.
Return True if the time in d2 is close to the time in d1.
Begins a statement with blank values.
Get the current branch name
Add two lists of functions together by function name.
Return the softplus of x.
Installs the reactor in the package manager.
cast a topic to another topic
Define Pure Function to take a list of indices.
Extract documents for a particular locale.
Returns a list of tuples of all available images.
Convert text to word sequence.
Add an integer field to an instance.
smooth step between two edges
Remove the named service from the system
Yields all the arguments in args and mydict in the order of num_.
Ensure that the named task is disabled in the current schedule
Add a playlist.
Check if the page is on the same page as this one.
Returns the number of series episode if the title is a series episode.
Inserts default options into sys. argv.
Update a contact from the sync database.
Create a list comp node.
Clear the placeholder cache.
Returns a randomized version of the code.
Saves the role to the course_key if it doesn t already exist.
task foo
Get the previous media list player.
Returns True if the network time is on False otherwise.
Clean up tmp_test_dir.
Returns the maximum age of the response header or None if the response header is not present.
Ensure that all the host objects passed in the job dependencies are valid.
Create a new syncpoint.
Return a list of answer to a DNS record matching the hostname and ipaddress.
Return True if the expression has a simple delta.
Return the function used to find the pages that should be used in the request.
Remove a user from the database. Returns True if the user was removed False if the user
Runs the task with the specified boolean flag.
Return the idd_reconint of the element at idx in the proj.
Find the post boundary of a multipart post.
Register a serializer with the specified module.
Returns the pants Scm if it exists otherwise None.
Returns True if the user has access to the course s category.
Test git with a non editable version of dev. string.
Load package dependencies
Obtain a certificate.
Generate a challenge based on the MD5 hash of the input string.
record payment info for an order and record it in the DB.
Return True if the filename matches the template filename
Converts a string to a random string.
Cumulative standard deviation.
p_enumerator_list_2 - > list of items of list t - > list
Split code at show.
Replace the extra part of the string with a lowercase version of the string.
Yield the art for the album s asin.
Send a request to restore an existing document.
extended Euclid - Gcd representation of extended Euclid.
Generates a random string
Checks that a folder is missing in the localized folder names.
cmservice accept packet
Shorten a given string.
Get the download url when the batch_job_id is ready.
Load the raw library for pycryptodome
Returns a list of members without MFA.
Merge small segments.
Attempts to find a module by its full name. If the module is not found an
Extracts entities from a template.
Asserts that the str_ and str_ are the same as the str_ and str
Check if a file is an archive file
Reads a character list from a file.
Replace special characters with their corresponding characters in the regex match.
Test constructor of Gaussiannb.
Handle the response format for treeio_login_required and treeio_login_required
Apply the operators to an expression.
Encode a float.
Remove a module from a string.
Find the package data.
View for treeio login requests.
Assign a value to each element in the list of Ls in the input list of L
Generates a list of statements for the path between the new_rules and the old_
Add the mtime of the document.
Create the default config directory if it doesn t already exist.
Concatenates all elements of a list.
Creates the figure.
Make a histograms plot.
Randomly sample a set of points from a sphere.
Return the global Hug directive.
Return a list of trials created from the given docs.
Returns the string representation of the end of a geometry element.
Given a list of instances return a single - level queryset.
Unsharp a mask.
Return the sigmoid function of x.
Get the architecture from the image meta.
Splits a path into its component parts.
Determine if a resource need to be created.
Disable the trace configuration for the given app or default application.
Reduces the string constants in the source code.
Return a summary for the worker.
Returns a list of absolute paths to stylesheet files.
Check if the given node is an ancestor of the given frame.
Returns a function that returns the deprecated version of the keydata.
Make a new collection object.
Add lineloops and loop sections to the x - axis of each loop.
Resource type for s3rest controller.
Subtract two numbers.
Runs the specified command on each of the configured app servers.
Check the status of a qdatastream. Raise oser error if the status is
Remove old pafs that are older than now and old streams that are older than now
Gets the services of a handle.
Parse a sphinx. domains. std. option. admin. option.
Grab the certbot log
Post data to api_key. url should be an absolute URL. data should be a
Combine the common sections of a list of strings into a single list of sections.
Yields a range of bytes at a given offset in a file - like object.
Loads the data from the positive and negative files.
Save the content to the contentstore.
Returns True if the cookie is present in the response.
Writes the first line of the given string to the given file.
Returns a dict of the fields of the given object.
CLI options for the manager.
Encode a quopri message
Transfer the closest path to a new location in remainingpaths from skein to oldordered
Returns True if the user can commit the translation.
Check if the test_path_object is valid.
Yields all sub - documents of a resource.
Create a new reference for the return value of the function.
Flush all Redis tables in the database.
Get the value of the input with the given css selector.
Returns a list of all elements in xs that have a name == str_.
Check if a connection object has a method
Verifies a user email address.
Decorator for register. filter functions.
The inverse of accept_reject_invitation.
Try to convert value to float. If value is not a float return default.
Assert that num_ is zero
Deserialize count specs from a text string.
Recursively check if the given variable is a variable in the form of a function or event
Log a character ch ch.
Returns a dictionary of functions that will be called when the proxy is passed.
Return a list of color names for the color k.
Return the sum of case when the field is True.
Get the maximum value of a vector3 path.
Return the truncation of a function f.
Returns the absolute path to the cluster root directory of the cluster if it is specified in the
Unregister a class loader.
Create a new reduced file with the given basename.
Log a function to the task log file if it exists otherwise restart the task.
Loads data from a file. Returns a tuple of training validation set and test set.
Make axis to keep the dimensions of x and y.
Runs the network and writes the results to writer. writerow.
Builds the command string for the hook.
Get the subscription for a document in the datastore.
Perform a login redirect to the specified URL.
Remove a database
Unescape a string.
Download a veoh file by item_id.
Assert that the script s completion is a valid zsh command.
Set the nodetype of a task.
Return the subject for the project s certificate.
Create a new derivative node for an element node.
Set the value of a union in the current stack.
Returns the string representation of the cell s absolute coordinates.
Get the current user
Create a dict of formatters for a logging. formatter.
Renders the equity in the appropriate response format.
Move a key k from d1 to d2.
Edit a line edit for the fixture.
Set the dimension ordering of the image dimensions.
Gets the create spec for a V {0 adapter type and disk type.
Get the SOAP accessor.
Return the stat of a given process.
Build py sdist from source code.
Make a session readmegen from a file if it doesn t already exist.
Find the creation sequence of all nodes in a graph.
Read a GAFby proteiniterator from a file handle.
Decode a string into a number of bytes.
Yields the keys from the given filepaths.
Make a request to the specified URL and return the response.
Create a temporary ca file from a list of anchor links.
Log the result of dispatch_stat.
Returns True if an exception is not available.
test_ percentage_text.
This is a test function that runs the HTTPServer.
Return True if value is less than arg.
releasecompletenettoms Section 9. 2. 1
Check that all of the given option names are valid.
Recursively iterate over the children of an object.
Return True if name is a string that should be considered an underscore.
Get the filename of the hosts file
Wrapper for mode_cmd.
Get the module cache.
Returns the attach link to the given document
Helper function to register a GitHub hook.
Returns the string representation of the given date.
like p_labeled_statement_2 but with t being the argument of t.
Log a bugdown error
Return a JSON representation of an object in s3.
Returns a dictionary of metadata values from the given HTTP headers.
Import a public key
Computes the Hccm2 transform
Yields an iterator of chunks of a zipfile.
Select n series.
Register a new language to the TCL manager.
Returns the line for the given issue.
Generate a state tag from a string.
arg parser for utils. arg
Finds emptyalt file.
Refresh the beacons on the minion
Check if a URI parameter should be passed to the cli.
Returns a compiled regular expression for the search query.
Enables or disablesdeprecations via astropy_deprecations.
Decode a query string.
Get the source code of an object.
This is a network test that will not install always from the cache.
Returns a string with the length of the field.
Check if the name is valid.
Converts a tensor to a dense tensor.
Adds aneigh entry to the default entrypoint.
API version decorator.
Fold function.
split the repository line into a list of files and a dictionary of shortdictionary
This is a test function that performs a pip search and asserts that the exit code is
Adds a collarshaft node to an element node.
Delete all objects in a bucket.
Logs system standby information.
Complete course mode information.
Compress a string of data.
Reads a cached file in the cache_info dictionary.
return one file or folder name if folder exists else folder
Combine date and time into a datetime. datetime object.
Test if value is a mapping.
echo str_ to the console
Handle the response format for a treeio login required to process the response.
Read a. pyc file and return the code object.
Returns a boolean of whether or not the sn indicate package is installed.
Returns the basename of a string.
Test mesh data and normals of a wavefunction.
Reverse bits of a long long int to a long int.
Return the cos of x.
List of all the subscriptions for a topic.
Converts a dict to a string
Detach an existing network interface from an attachment.
Ensure that the named service is absent
Convenience function to plot a PDF.
Configure the given service.
return a dict with http headers
Consume items from the queue until the queue is empty.
Return a dict of nodes and their properties.
Captures a card hold for the specified amount.
Returns True if name should be used as a module name.
Remove single and double quotes from a string.
Calls talib_with_ds for count using talib. kama
Remove the impations that don t have the same value as the underlying underlying underlying underlying underlying
List all available languages.
Get the transversals of a given orbit base.
Get the geometry output for an element node.
Get the public key from the config
Get the current value of the equalizer preset count.
Sanitize the separator between the decimal separator and the number separator if settings. use_l
Change the number of columns in a CIDR table.
Validate parameters with the ASCII - encoded value of a parameter dictionary.
Check if a URL is unique.
Configures the component for the specified platform.
Get or create an sjson transcript for the given item and transcripts.
Returns the hostname of the process.
Return the name of the virtual environment
Parse a set of multipart headers from a sequence of lines.
Return the gid of the process.
Recursively compile all the files in the given folder and save them into the given folder.
Function to calculate the Tstat between value1 and value2 based on the difference between two
Convert a time tuple to an xldate value.
Helper function to adjust a dimension to target_shape.
Rotate a vector to the right.
Create a controller that checks if the user requires membership in S3.
Convert a string to a more human - readable string.
Adds a funk to the specified event source.
Commits a reservation.
Send a flowgram to the given socket.
Checks that the person does not have a boolean column of other columns.
Updates the package db in the specified module. Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the
Decode a string.
Create a certificate chain
Cumulative distribution function.
Returns a segment_info that requires the current line
Copy a file from original to derived if it s out of date.
Build a path from node1 to node2.
Set the password for a user.
Convert a string to a boolean.
Execute a command and refresh the database.
Filter a list of flowgrams and write out a sff file.
Raise an error with the given status and message.
notify the systemd daemon
Calls the given executable with the given filename.
Testiforest of the sparse classifier.
callback function for menu
List all the datastores for this VMware environment
Register a case - insensitive word
Get the username of a list of users.
Get a continuous query.
Create an image
piecewise product of two numbers.
Returns the XML representation of the CXL document.
Returns a dict of backends used for authentication with social auth.
Returns the backend to use for the command.
Convert an object to anansi if it is a dict or list.
Return a pair of row1 col1 and col2 from a cellrange string.
Loads data from memory and stores it in memory cache.
Unpack the connection host and port from adirecttcpip string.
Get the maximum number ofides minimum threebased on precision.
Check if a BSON object is valid.
Ensure src is a string and make sure it is not a file.
Sends an email to a target address.
Print a command - line help message.
Picks a context manager reader for an image.
Initializes the module for POSIX systems.
ptp along a given axis.
Memoizes the context id to the one passed in. If the context does not exist
Copy versions of src to target_node.
This is a helper function that is called when a todo message is received.
returns a string with the given string n with the given string s. n is the number
Deploy a certificate to a temp directory.
Convert a sequence of items to a byte string.
Find the latest instance of a class in a module.
Return a list of synonyms that are word2nums num2words and word
Filter non - JSON lines.
Save stats to file.
Create a directory if it doesn t exist
Find a variant in the whitelist.
Default redirect to the default index page.
Generates a random salt of specified length.
Extract a subrois from a timeseries file and a label file with the given indices
Send a signal to a process.
Pause the currently active figure.
Convert bytes or str to str.
Create an unused port.
Check that the rgb_to_hsl is the same as rgb_to_h
Compute the standard deviation of an array along a specified axis while preserving the standard deviation.
Return the line number of the function s source code.
Loads or restores an object from a checkpoint.
Returns a string representation of a timestamp.
List schedules belonging to this API endpoint.
Performing the covariance M step for full cases.
raw moment function
Reads labels from a file.
Generates a random normal probability distribution.
Get the app associated with the current application in the given module.
This is a test that sample from the regular genome k using the smotetomek
Generate command line for click. command.
Start a TLS server on the given port.
Register a simple tag for a comment.
Unload a module
Update the limit number of instances associated with this project and resource.
Return True if text is a keyword.
Run pyreverse.
Returns the completed status of a node.
Compute unique values in 1 - dimensional numpy array.
Start statsd at the specified path.
Normalize a language tag to a list of strings.
Computes the correlation coefficient between values of series with a given lag.
Waits until the command s stderr starts with the given prefix.
Strip a and b from a and b.
Safely delete an image from the specified backend.
Get the memory usage of the process in bytes of the windows system.
Disable the str service and reload the str service.
Select the iauthenticator plugin.
Returns a list of public IPs associated with the current user.
Executes the given SQL string and closes the cursor.
Draw1 tests for regular polygon draw1.
Make aiolin rugplot.
Get the action from the context manager.
Unregisters a handler function.
This is a unit test for a breadcrumb.
Get the index of an item in a media list.
Checks if the user has permission or own the thread.
Main method for creating an adgroup.
Returns a list of all available translations
Return the ISO8601 formatted time if value is None else field.
Create a collection of items.
A test that raises a valueerror.
Determine the position of the eeg.
Writes credentials to a file.
Run the identity join node and assert its value is equal to num_.
return the deprecated version of the matrix a. the new_name is the name of the
Prepare the bearer body.
Writes the passed list of flaky tests to the given output.
Delete an ACL token
Get a property value for a specific device.
Make a discrete source space for the given pos and coord_frame.
get the format of the comment
Flatten a message if the type of the message is a string.
Returns a tuple of components to install based on the given key.
Parse accept header
Start a new process on the given host and port.
Validate that value is of type type.
Decode the result of a command.
Run the command with the specified arguments and options.
Raise an error if the file cannot be opened.
Returns the global function for group_profile.
Test that the slices have the same dimension.
Return True if the list is a list of ids.
Return a tuple of ndarray or ndarray values.
Replace strings in text.
Check that the distance from the altaz frame to the jpl_horizons of
Handles foreign keyignoring.
Fit a nearmiss object
Update the file versions and status of the addon to the current status.
Register a coroutine function which does a local join and does a canonical join.
Create an argument parser for the DNS list command.
Try to convert val into an enum. If val is not an enum then return val.
Determine if sys. platform starts with str_.
Try to move path to new_path.
Download a file from a URL and save it in a file.
Builds the library dependencies for the recipe.
Get all the related topics in a section.
Change the number of Subtitlesfinder frequency.
Runs the django test runner for the given test labels.
Create a task message from a signal.
Unquote a header value.
Return a new cluster controller.
Return the number of processes that are active with processname.
Get a component by name
Get the process names for the nodes in the cluster.
Print out the equalize channels in the list of candidates.
Start a new worker for the given queue.
Configures the options for the current pyplot instance.
Transpose the image for a specified number of file objects.
Convert a year and month number to an index.
Try to convert the value to an int or float.
Makes a copy of the config file and verifies the selection.
Builds a multipart message with the given images.
Unfollow a user.
Parses the given query string and raises queryexception if an exception is raised.
Serialize anallocations dict for the consumer.
mask times within tmin and tmax
Return True if text is a URL.
Make a directory with the specified name and mode.
Fetch a specific seed.
Require context to return all references to the virtual interface
Traverse an HTML file and return a list of files.
Returns True if all of the strings in the kwargs are the same as the string in the
Converts a temperature value to an RGB value.
Gets the Mq one s prfractionite with the given content key.
If strict is True raise valueerror otherwise raise warnings. warn.
Helper function to reduce the string representation of an object.
Determine if a list of filters should be grouped by property range.
Returns True if a is a task module.
Open a file if it doesn t already exist and return a file object.
Returns True if the two values are equal.
Waits until a client is listening on the specified server port or timeout is reached.
Extract the root domain from a domain string.
Get the full information of a node and its VM.
Computes the norm difference between vectors a and a.
Compute centrality scores
Determine the number of files in a directory. Returns the number of files in the directory
Validate scale values.
Load a countgraph from a file.
Remove redundancy from a list of terms.
Create a reference group.
Create a command option for the click. command function.
Get an instance type by the flavor id.
Route a user to the application.
Convert a timestamp to a datetime. datetime.
Imports all classes in the specified module. Returns a list of classes that match the specified
Unpack a bitstring into a list of bits.
Adds the given string as a command to the protocol.
Check if a subject has a bem in the subjects_dir.
Gets entity info from text files in input_dir and writes entity data to db.
Strip tags from a string.
Looks up an object given a string representation of a spec.
Returns a timezone object if the object is a string or a timezone object if the object is
Check if a user has access to a course
A with_open_mode function that modify small chunks of a given file - like object
Make a request to the viewfinder.
Returns thererun link to the course URL for the given item.
Check if an nictag exists
Adds the given tools to the given toolmanager.
Create a fresh output manager instance.
Returns a list of m proteinrelationship types that are associated with the current user.
Builds the headers to send to the API.
Set the axes for a customer in the cart.
Checks if the kex algorithm is an elliptic curve.
Determine if a point is inside a polygon.
signal. signal. signal is used to allow the control c_posix signal.
must_be_bran access to a node to update the registration state of a draft
Make sure that the minion is virtual
This function ensures that the site is enabled.
Samplewise standard normalization.
Compare two list of files in common.
Handle reading of a field.
Reads a google - word2vec. w file.
Returns the version number of the repository.
Writes a course block detail report.
Return an empty iterator.
Clear persistent graph cache.
Validates that a flag is in the ignore_check_flags list.
Create a matrix with entries from entry_fn.
equate the points in the xml element.
Print the test result to the console.
Return a context manager that block signals and restore the old state.
Converts an error into a blobstore error.
Profile the given statement and print the result of calling profile. runctx.
Change the header of a request.
Ensure the security group is the default security group.
Waits for the given io object to complete.
Computes the relative root mean square root mean square error.
Check that the table has the right number of trailing spaces in the row definition.
Escape a string according to RFC3986.
Helper function to convert an image to the specified output format.
Returns the QoS policy group name for the given volume.
Display a crashfile
Get the zoneinfo from the zoneinfo file at the specified path.
Create an event in the current context.
Logout required that the user is not authenticated.
Make text into a single - quoted YAML string.
Compute the stochastic modelsynth model
Check if the id is well - formed. Raise a warning if the id is not
Parse a distribution name and version into a tuple of lower - case lower - case lower -
Read a 4 byte long integer
Return the difference of num_ over axis k.
Returns the source code for the given filename.
Create a new security group
Generic function to add a config to the master
Set the value of the named system rcfile to the given value
at_initial_setup_hook_module - internal decorator that checks if the module is
Detect the format of a given stream.
Find the name of an extension in the high dict
Find all the cached images in a given sr_ref.
If translate is True return url as is. Otherwise return url as is.
Returns a list of loc files.
Save the filesystem in the django - db format.
Make the x - header for the lms_callback_url and lms_key
Parses the given arguments.
Change the dlportd6 state to something other than port. dlportd6 is
Turn a dictionary of gff attributes into a string.
Applieswrites to the context to the overwrite_context.
Make sure that the minion is virtual
Builds the desired iface configuration.
Returns a dictionary with the whitelisted values. If doc is a JSON document then insert it
Get input of the kernel density of the conv op.
Returns True if the value is a valid IPv4 or IPv4 prefix.
Check if the given uwline can be used on a single line.
Get the data for a specific jid
Build a tagmap based on a set of arguments.
Computes s_all_hac correlation coefficient
Get a new derivative node for an element node
Returns a tuple of the name of the virtual executable that is available on the minion
Strip str_ from text after remove.
Helper function to create a message object from a dict.
Parse a string into a datetime. datetime.
Returns the list of dependencies of this driver.
Formats a time in a human - readable format.
Gets XLS file with given columns and data.
Parse an XPI and return its information.
Get a list of the namespace names in the specified namespace range.
Creates a class from a string containing the code feed.
Get image model string from settings. str_
Get the load average
Cast a value to an int.
Strip the specified namespace from the XML document.
Get the forward relationships for the given opts.
Parse a sphinx searchindex and return a tuple of filenames and objects.
Delete an integration response for a given method in a given API resource.
Returns a command that checks if a task needs a coverage report.
Ensure tenant is absent.
Get the comment for a given field in a table.
Create a new virtual disk spec.
Filter the given list of column names to only those whose table equals the given base table.
Generate RST documentation for an example.
Local optimizer function.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the pixel at x y is in the pixel at x and y
View to require anonymous user to reset their password.
Identify the names of the code according to the finder.
Check if a string is awin pos.
Create a simple factory copy of the given state.
Computes the central moment of the input.
Update the axes of an image
This function randomizes a correlation matrix with a value error.
Returns a list of complex values representing the skew - x value of the word in the input
Returns a signature that represents a reissue of the given receipt.
If an exception is returned from a salt_cloud_force_ascii exception will be raised
Runs the oc - version of the specified module.
Decode a base64 encoded string.
Retrieves settings from the given settings.
Returns a tuple of the boolean and the string_.
Process an xmlelement and append it to the parent object.
Parses the content of a request with a unique key - value pair.
Return a list of numericise objects for all strings in input.
Decorator for functions that should not be testable.
Test if the connection is fast.
Return True if path starts with prefix.
Make a new faketransport for a given server protocol.
Returns a filehandle if the file is a gzip file. If the file is a string
Raise an exception if version_from_payload is different from collection_version.
Log a trace of the current exception.
Load a module from all installed apps.
Set the store for the app.
Read and return the contents of a file.
Create a new virtual interface with the given values
Returns if the given issue is a relevent issue and after is a section of the issue
persist a key - value pair in the config
Delete OAuth tokens for a given user.
SYSTEM INFORMATION TYPE 7 Section 9. 2. 7
Assert that the confusion matrix is equal to the number of samples in y_true and y
Loads all the plugins in the plugin namespace.
Starts the ioloop.
Get the next unique id for a given field and value.
Display the selected objects and delete them.
Returns the keyerror message for the given formatting string.
Check that estimator has nofit attributes set in init.
Get the number of CPU cores.
Creates the nrt module.
Calculate the mean and standard deviation of a list of values.
Assert that num_ is greater than num_.
Create a snippet dataset.
Wait until server terminated.
Returns a boolean indicating if the URI should be included in the URL.
Raises an AssertionError if a and b are not equal.
Get the YAML file path for a builtin.
This is a helper function to print a string if the debug flag is True.
A audit function that sends email notifications for all users that have access to the given data.
Gets the user s data model when the user s data model is rated on or
Determine the name of the shell command.
Process an element node.
Match filter_list with userargs.
Enable or disable authaps in the named vgroup.
Updates the collection votes up and down according to the current vote count.
Return an unexpected error message for the given gcp error.
Uploads the log file to the local filesystem.
Map a class to a record and a list of further classes.
Check if the URL is a full redirect.
adapter function for searchdata adapter
Return a random sum of the distribution.
Extract and set all of the members to the specified path.
Return the relative path to the archive relative to the base directory of the given file.
Returns True if the variable is not used in the graph.
Test function that converts HSL color to RGB color.
Convert an object to a reference.
Create a new derivative node and return it.
Append a message to the given bundle.
Assert that the given member value is equal to the number of times it was read from the
Load a type from a file.
Calculates and returns control digit for given list of digits.
Converts the given locale to the language of the given language.
Return an object that will skip the skip_if predicate for the specified reason.
Convert a callback from linkify_bounce_url to linkify_bounce_
Adds a host to the hosts file if it doesn t already exist.
Returns the subnet name.
Create a new database.
Sign a URL base v2.
Test function to remove a test from the figure with gridspec.
Getmanipulated paths for an element node.
Get terminal width
Enable or disable an event
Updates the db_api. context_manager. writer function to retry if the session
Return the text of the document as a list of paratextlist.
View function that handles an edit of an ordered product. If the user is not an admin
Returns a list of tuples of all server groups and their names.
Parse a subpattern of flags.
Get the number ofides based on the precision of the xml element.
load a file
Get the DHCP host associated with a network
Loads the specified SQL file into the specified folder.
Converts Markdown text into Markdown using the markdown module.
Call the given function with the local IP address and retries number of times the call fails.
Delete a device
Converts cart to sph.
Takes a node and returns a new node with font - aware version of it.
Handle the response format for treeio_login_required.
The entity group kind of the entity group identified by key.
Create a group with the given key and set the given title.
Returns True if the value is a string that represents a boolean
Replace str_ with str_.
Returns True if params has either a score function or a score function.
Add a lock to a list of packages
Returns the type of the given interface
Prepends the options in opts to the root directory.
Returns the command to execute the LaTeX command.
Get all sysv and upstart services
Returns the username of the current user.
Indent the global level by by a given number.
Make sure that the data in a table is the string representation of the string.
Generates a list of n random words with the ipsum of the words in the range
Parse options from tokens of shorts.
Adds xmlelement to vertex or face
Builds a tunnel request string from the host and port
Change p to p + num_ in place.
Extract the cookie headers from the given URL.
Adds a new batchjob to the batch job service.
Extract the error message from an exception.
daemonize the process.
Get a table of words from an embeddings and a word idict.
Determine the project to use.
Forget about the given canvas.
Return the output of a nested object.
Compares two paths for equality.
Try to int get the default if it doesn t exist.
Internal function for tar files
Creates a new table in the given database.
Returns a set of all available plugin names that are available to be removed.
Summarize markdown into a single graf.
Adds a dependency to the list of dependency paths.
Inverse of a matrix.
Detach a volume
Displays the SMS inbox and redirects the user to the log message if the user
Selects the i - th element of a according to the median of themedians of
Train the Hcae dataset from the YAML file.
Return n + num_
Return a random wait time between num_ and num_
Returns a list of names that are defined in the current node.
Splits a list of strings into individual strings.
Try to parse the JSON response of the specified error code. If the error code is not
Decompress the given data in LZs format and return the result in the specified window
t3 of count samples from a TimeSeries
Change the global verbose_level to num_.
test that cv. has_at_ least_one_key.
Return a random interkey interval.
Returns a list of normalized country names for the given name.
Returns True if mne_c is set in the environment otherwise False.
Returns True if the security manager can access the given permission_name and view_name.
if receiver is a function return it s func_code and number of times it s called
get thebrick of a variable
Return the n largest elements in an iterable.
Replace html_escape_url and safe_mode with their own html_escape_url
Find a sample file in neutron.
Function used to run the hook.
Patch the paths in sys. path by num_ and str_.
Concatenate indexed dataframes.
Builds a client solver from a dictionary of options.
Return the Hue frequency from the given string.
Removes the first occurrence of t from the list.
global file_spec if file_spec is none or if it s a textiow
Gets a URL from the environment.
Return the epoch of time t.
Makes a footnote extension.
Truncate a string to a certain length.
Returns the number of times the given string was returned.
Create a figure.
Compute the heldout score of a classifier.
Runs the task log_call function.
Convert a numpy array to a float if the array has correct shape.
Get the current git changeset.
Get the password for a database.
Returns a list of groups in the named user.
Create a stack of layers for an element
Create a config dictionary for a managed configuration.
Parse the content of a documentation.
Check if the logical line is not the same as the logical line.
Serialize support data into a base64 encoded string.
Define a string argument.
Create fixed IPs for a given context.
A test function to catch and report an error when something goes wrong.
Print the condition of the command if the number of args is equal to num_.
Generates a random string of specified length.
Patch os. fork
pretty_frame_relation returns the string representation of the frel.
world. absorb css_check
Check to see if a trail exists.
Test that the specified completer has its own column names and that the specified alias has the
Returns the symbolic factor of the expression
Migrates a VM from a host object to a new host object.
Test if a string is equal to a given string.
Return the config in the config file for a test.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the user can upload the dictionary.
If the log records contain a multiline text file then the text is returned. Otherwise the
Writes the first line of the given string to the given file.
Ensure time is UTC.
Check that the value is a list of strings.
Split text at a single separator.
Construct a handler URL.
Computes the distance between two points.
Remove outliers from a list of sequences.
A test that merge data1. meta and data2. meta with metadata_conflicts
Register a checker.
Generate documentation for all available services.
This is a decorator for the Flask app. route function that handles GET and POST requests.
Create new values for image property.
Save an image to a file.
Euclidean distance between two line segments.
require that the user is logged in and have the required HTTP methods
Returns a string that can be used as a key to a dictionary.
Get labels for a node
Check kwargs and compat_args for invalid keys.
Runs all the simples in the given settings
This is a test for the en_tokenizer function to ensure that the length of the
test if the AST can be parsed
Return the node name of the node this node is associated with.
Return the ratio of the most similar token after the partial token in s1 and s2
Require the user to be logged in.
Returns True if step_type is a Spark step type.
Describe a method definition.
Replace words in old_contents with their corresponding values in new_contents.
Converts a file to a list of subtitles.
Computes the distances between two users.
Check that an evoked array has a baseline of num_.
Calls communicate with the same socket and settings as the load_globals function.
Make sure that the given font name is correct for the current versions and revision.
Determine if the user is running journald or not.
Create or update the IAM policy of a topic.
task command options
Returns the data disk of the vm
Check if the source is votable.
Recursively eval the string_ and replace it with the value of the dictionary dictionary.
Checks if a matrix of eigenvalues is stable.
Splits a string into its constituent part and returns it as a list of strings
True if a - b is less than t_float and False otherwise.
Get the information associated with a jid
memoize a check_mdata_get into a single check_mdata_get
Returns a dict of the arguments to pass to the test function.
Computes the sum of the values of a matrix along a given axis.
Returns a dict with the validator data.
Return all neighbors of the given node in the graph.
Destroy a set of names
Plot a layout in a figure.
Return an MD5 hash of the timestamp of a file.
Test for compound inverse.
Return the power of the variable in the rhs if it is a constant.
If tables is none import all tables.
Capture the console log after each scenario.
Applies the HTML5lib serializer to the data passed in as an html5lib.
Returns the job with the given name if it exists otherwise none.
Reads samples from a file.
Gets machine translation services.
Returns a storage object for the specified application.
Returns the absolute path to the xdg config directory.
Infer the compression from filepath_or_buffer and compression.
Read the content of the environment as JSON.
Mark a function as unauthenticated.
Returns True if the command is a valid sudo command.
Returns the username from the input string.
Abort the given action.
Converts a string into a list of scopes.
Extract the version number from a file.
Converts an exception into a boto error message if err is an instance of str_.
Function to set the object for the dnsservic service interface
Check if a list is an id pair list.
Calls the OAuth service to authorize the request_token and request_token_secret.
Get the loop that is the largest inset in the loop.
This function is run when django_db_get_files_incomplete is set to
Remove an application pool.
Recursively convert a proxy into a dictionary or list.
Saves project0. checkstyle to project0. checkstyle to project0. save
Select a proxy from a URL.
Takes a dictionary of cookie values and adds them to the cookie jar.
Log an exception and return a JSON response with the error code.
Round the number to an int.
Copies the document to the protobuf.
Returns the full path to a module relative to the current module.
Get the maximum value of two elements.
Get the device name from the request.
Returns the PID of the process associated with the specified dev.
Split an absolute URI into its components.
Return a tree from a Cix file path.
Decode an encoded string.
Get or create the mrjob service role with attached policy.
Validate that value is a non negative integer or None.
Creates a context function for the install_button function in jinja2.
Render the template with the specified renderer and return the rendered template.
Writes the interface data to a file
Return True if the named service is not available
click. command.
Ensure that the named service is absent
Returns the int parameter or raises an exception if it is not an int.
Get the score from the submissions scores.
Update the lut of a colormap.
Return a font entry with the given family name variant weight and size.
Scan for znode instances and connect to them
Converts a list of values to a tuple of values
Converts an IP string to a list of integers.
Returns a dict with the environment proxies as keys and values as values.
Return the basename of a path.
Remove a layer from geonode
Make a call to talib_with_ohlc at the end of the b
This is a mock integration of the opsw workload of an EC2 instance.
Main method for creating an adgroup.
Generates a new token for a positional action.
Return a list of the absolute values of the elements of f in u.
This tests the PSD noise noise of baseline_images and remove_text.
virtual name if virtual else virtual name
Calculate and print the elapsed time since the start time of an Excelerate report.
Log the shutdown of the application.
Determine if the PID is correct.
Return an HTTPServer for the global process.
Pauses the terminal n times.
Create or update a parameter in a service.
Register a string beginning of line.
Print text with colors.
Set the logging level.
Return the mode for a specific device
route to snapshot the image
Check if the current thread was the last responed page.
Computes the mean power test for a given effect size and alpha.
The before block offsets.
Retrieve the data from a URL.
Log a message at the specified logging level.
Get the full dictionary of the current language
Yield rows of a given range.
Return the targets of a specific type
Create a cros specification of the given size and connections.
Parse str_ as JSON and check that the header matches the pattern.
Check if an object is a data object.
Sample a balance YAML document and verify that the balance YAML document has a valid balance YAML document
test that feature. max_length is equal to num_
Remove the characters in a string that are not space - separated. Returns the original string.
Read a packet from the tftp socket.
Dump the contents of the image to a file.
Get the system username
Returns a dictionary of all Visual C ++ variables that match the specified version and arch.
Flatten a regular expression into a single string.
Register a test method for a given test class.
helper function for grains
Merge two files at the same time.
Runs the script and returns the result if it returns an error.
Reads a packet from the given socket.
Convert an IPv6 address into text according to RFC1924ctop.
Returns an object of the specified type and name
Update the symlinks in the live configuration files.
Perform aberlekamp on the basis of a polynomial.
Returns a HTTPResponse object for the request that contains the specified etag.
Activate API deployment.
Run a function in WSGI mode.
Converts a cgi response to a string and writes it to context.
Updates the attributes of a policy item to the regkey.
Returns a string with the quotes around it.
Upgrade the installed packages to the latest version.
Get the profile basename from a repository.
Convert an IPv4 address into a net mask.
Handle the response format for treeio_login_required.
Registers the given service in the globals of the given module.
Extract serial number from show_ver.
Returns the absolute URL of the given path.
Given a list of x intersection indexes return a list of x intersections.
Returns a Flask response with a status code set to the specified number of times.
Create a masq config file from a masq file.
Move a stored file from src_storage to dst_storage.
Returns a query to retrieve the resources for the specified cores.
Evaluates the gradient of f for each element in a.
Converts Markdown to HTML.
Create a 3d ogrid of the denoise voltage chambolle.
Deletes the information of the rebalance. Returns a boolean value indicating whether or not the
Ensures that the ca_folder is available on the system.
Keep the awake flag for the current thread execution.
Test array transforms.
p_atom_tuple = p_atom_tuple
Generate the frontpage files.
Convenience function to log a message at the root of the logging. root. logger
Returns a list of words in a file with the content of the specified file.
Remove gitlab notification.
Infer the return type of the function.
Returns a string representation of the given value. If the value is a number datetime date time
List availability zones
Gets the attributes from theml headers dict
Builds an xpath path iterator.
Test function for Nvidia_driver2.
Create plots of the training and test accuracy from a JSON file.
Returns a string representation of the tree.
Return the appropriate data class.
Assert that no element is expected by the xpath selector.
Writes the given data to the given logfile.
never cache the password reset form and confirm the password reset.
Given a list of query parts and a model class and a list of prefixes and a query
Get a unique value for a given type and id.
Computes the variance of a sequence of samples.
Returns the name of the strategy
Generate a age value for the given issue_time.
Start the server.
Test function for match_rules.
Generate a cache key for the request.
Compute the residual
Return the value of an option if it exists
Internal load thread.
Converts a string tag into a list of strings.
Returns a multiprocessing. util. get_logger.
Return a list of the jobs that match the filter
View function for login view.
Attach translations to the given collections.
Convert a projected entity to a message.
Returns the languageinfonode of the given template tag.
Infer the frequency of the values in an index.
auth_decorator for admin_only auth methods.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the device is setup.
Convert a list of strings into a cfg dict.
Add a cell to the task log.
Get a plugin service by name. If the plugin name is not found raise a typeerror
Fail if a and b are not equal.
Load a test suite from a directory.
Convert an RGB color to an RGB color.
Returns a custom key function.
Writes a properties app file from a workbook.
Read a numpy array from a file - like object.
Print a usage message.
This is a coroutine function that will call the function and publish the result.
Create a zone service.
Returns the total seconds of a timedelta.
Create a file writer for the given file handle. If do_gzip and do_b
Adds trainable variables to the summaries.
Return whether the user can browse the list of component review in the given repository.
lighten the color by the given percent.
Adds the circle center and radius to the xmlelement
Exclude old cronjobs from regions that are not in new regions.
Create a scatter plot of xs and ys.
Process docstrings.
Return the component at the start_iconset.
Generate shell test data.
Raises an AssertionError if expr is not None.
Get the user name of the QEMU VM.
Returns the authenticated user id of the request.
Get the imp type for a filename.
Try to create a working directory on an ftp server.
Returns a list of datetime objects for each month of the blog post.
Prints a debug message to the logger.
Delete all properties of an image
Check source code withpep8.
Swap the memory of a cext. virtual_mem.
Convert params to a stack of parameters.
Rearrange the events to include those events that have a close event.
Generate a unit summary from a namespace.
Test the sensitivity specificity score of a binary classification prediction.
Convert a SMS number to an e - mail address using the smscodes set in the
Connect to gcp module
fprint str_ with settings. warn_only = True will print to str_.
Return a command object that can be used to inspect a command.
Concatenates two sequences.
Calls the C compiler to compile the client.
Create a new service
Returns a json response of non - atomic requests.
Wrapper for _ll_nbp.
Create a script from a dict of settings.
View function that checks the request for valid and valid login form and returns the result of the
Process a result of a failed processor.
Check if a table has a constraint with a given name.
Handle the response format for a single liability edit request.
Returns a list of strings
Convert a 32 bit integer to a human - readable string.
Get a deep value from a data structure based on a dot - path or list of dot
This function takes a list of users and returns a string of the users in the list.
Parses an output spec into a tuple of the output dimensions function and number of classes.
Delete a JSON object from a URL
Downloads a video by its vid.
Get the current Python version.
Get the value of a metric
Overload dummy function.
Allocate a new lock for a given type.
Given a query_string return the list of exp_ids matching the query_string.
Inverse of a.
Update the current position of the string in the data after the current position.
Reshapes the incoming tensor to new_shape.
Applies a data_parallel function to the input and outputs of the module.
Return the version number of the minion
Check if the current thread is in the same process as the current one.
Save the pootle file in the Django database.
Returns a string that can be used as a virtual variable
Respond to the request with the given code.
Converts a string representation of a date or time into a Python datetime. time object.
get the object of a given model if the object is not found or if the object is
Create a series of the maximum drawdowns and the maximum duration of each drawdown.
Get property filter specification.
Runs a test email job.
Yields a range of items from seqn.
Function that creates the user and groupuser for the passed admin_group.
Flatten an object.
Test the conditional returns weights.
Merge non_report_policies_dict into a report_only_policies_dict.
Create a new node.
Check if there are any problems in the section that are not in the section.
Sends an email to a set of recipients.
Set s3. search function to search for Hsrc.
Chooses a type name from a file name.
Compute a hist kernel given a tensor and a number of kernels.
Class decorator for class methods str_compat and py2.
Finds the previous version of a file in the given addon and channel. Returns the version
Returns the storage level of the request.
Return the Laplacian - Holtzman - Holtzman -
Change p_dimitem to p_dimitem where num_ is the dimension of p
Collect host and port from a host string
Takes a URL and returns the local file path of the URL.
Try to find a tag for a given mercurial path. If the tag is not
Yields the position of the missing whitespace after the import keyword.
Get the tiers of a device
Register a signal handler for an object.
Map a function to the given arguments.
Computes the arcsech of a given value.
Set the flag to True or False depending on whether or not the specified flag is True.
require that the user be logged in and have the required HTTP methods
Recursively find all files that match the glob pattern in the treeroot.
Create the info table for the plugin.
order a dictionary by the field in field_order
Convert a blockdevice ID to a dataset ID.
Check if an instance type is in the given flavor and raise an exception if it is not
Yields n - grams from sent_iterator.
Loads the helper module.
Check that the current directory is the same as the current one with absolute paths.
Validate the number of values in a list.
A two step backprop function.
Returns a list of the scene exceptions that are being raised during a given season.
Remain vertical spacing before comments.
skipif test for a line profile with dynamic mean and std.
Return True if the subscription name matches the topic.
Fit a neighbourhoodcleaningrule and sample with indices
Check if the user is authenticated.
Return the CPU information for this minion
Set the cookies of the given url as accepted by the qtbot.
test that the AST doesn t contain the cut.
Computes the norm of a vector.
Returns a list of module names and their descriptions.
Count smallints in an array.
Strip acccents from an ASCII string.
Set the config of the glcanvas
Returns the value associated with the given blob key.
Calls cache. use_cached_files with the given key and results_dir.
Print the version number of Python and exit.
Return the absolute value of a.
Return True if the system has a version of the given name.
Set the default values for the log levels.
Shift divisions if needed.
Computes the binary log loss.
Returns whether the value of the dict_ at the specified key is modified. If the key
Return the calendar for the given name.
Generates a random string of given length.
Opens a resource by name and returns it as a string.
Adds infillpoint to each nestedring in nestedrings.
Remove a handler reference from the list of registered handlers.
Unload a module and all its sub - modules.
Validate user pack name.
Add an ellipse to the elementnode
Load a class by name.
Compute the Gruneisen argument of the Gruneisen parameterization.
Fix the whitespace in the lines in a Make file.
Import a private keyder from a public key. Returns a list of the decodings
test import vispy app1 module
Build a select field for the toolpanel section select field.
Return the html4 annotation of the given htmlpage.
Returns the name of a user s permission.
Require the user to get a list of documents of the given category.
Find files in the given metadata.
Sends an email to a task associated with the given contrib_id.
Computes a vector of von Moore s von Moore s
make links to the log
Return a boolean indicating whether the specified class has the inherited table.
This is a command for Sentry.
Get a rollback for a package.
Remove a Fstab device.
Check if a file exists and is aifo.
This function is a decorator that can be used to turn off email subscriptions and bcrypt log
Returns a string with the same characters as the given value.
Returns a list of IPv6 interfaces on the proxy minion
Calculate pcoa score for a list of lines.
Runs the netcat test program.
Compute the value of a join based on the given dataframe.
Handle the register form.
Compute the Laplace mask of an image.
Takes a sample of a color - based color - based color - based color - based
Sends a get request to the logged user.
Validate a list of devices.
Returns a preview of the given delimiter in the given file.
Converts a path to a human readable string.
Build and return a qsub command string.
Render the specified template using the specified method.
Return a sorted list of items according to the specified comparison and key.
This function checks that the target directory of the target already exists.
Returns the link to the block s page.
Update the promo_img_url with the hash of the promo_img_
Copies the given filename to the clipboard.
Print an iterable of items.
Create a text file with the specified contents.
Loads the raw_tool. xml file at the specified path.
Ensures that min_healthy instances are in the healthy list.
Checks that the first character in data is a character and raises an error if it is
Remove a user from a pwfile
Register and delete the tabbedbrowserstubs in the registry.
new subs dict where a and b are numbers and b is a float
Returns a human - readable string representation of a file size.
creates an object and adds it to the list of objects to be created
Yield lines of a given string.
Parse the driverdisk line
Return True if the tag is a blocklevel tag.
Adds a secret to the secret store.
Creates a new reference from an entity_pb. reference.
Strip the done lines from a list of output lines.
Get the absolute path of the fabmetheus file.
step function that checks if the name of the given file exists.
Computes the log - add of a sequence of values.
Check if the result is a valid EK result and if it is a valid EK
Returns a list of all the videos in a course
Parse a URL into a path and the saltenv
Removes the user from the context if the user is not asysadmin
Split a command into its path and arguments.
This is a test integration for the command options.
Return a human - readable string representation of the expected diff.
func_np - function to calculate the power of two numpy arrays a and b
Returns True if the user has permission to edit the setting type.
Formats the given URL with the given maxwidth and replaces it with the given string.
Convert a row to a dict.
Try to install a custom language from the user s home directory.
Returns True if the item is present in the parent or False otherwise.
Raise value error if any of the axes are not active.
Return a HTTPResponse object for the given location.
Returns a list of paths for a particular scheme.
Add devices to the platform.
Find a lang in the dictionary.
Returns a fixture for the QtNetwork instance that should be used in the test suite.
Yields all of the collectors that are not dead or have expired.
Extracts all non - quoted strings from a string.
Fetches a single entry from the journal table.
Update the port numbers
Returns the size of an item
Returns a list of points from a segmenttable
Redirect to the specified URL using the specified redirect_class.
Process the data and log it to the log_fh if needed.
Internal helper for image_tag_delete
global function for year
Get the tracer associated with a given process.
Translate a string to a regular variable name.
Check if a is a and b.
Get user information.
Begins a window for the specified object
Return the set of ancestors of a path from source to g.
Check if the values in x are equal
The main entry point for the command line interface.
Returns the jumppoint if the given otherpoint is inside the boundary.
Remove entries from roidb that overlap the maximum value of - num_gtrowd
Get a value from the player table.
Prepares the position velocity of an earth in the solar system.
Parse the snippet file.
Unmap a numpy array to a specified number of indices.
Return True if the IP address is private False otherwise.
Runs the code install task.
Converts a hex color string to a hex color string.
Returns the EOL character for the given OS name.
Returns a string representation of a RFC3339 date - time.
Returns a new google. auth. credentials. with_scopes_if_required and if
Create acow image from a file
Returns the user s grains or the default grains for the specified user.
Send a reply mail to a user of the given review.
Parse an interval string and raise a valueerror if it doesn t match.
Converts the given jobsub_design into a jobsub_design object.
Yields app. name and app. module pairs from apps. get_app_
Load overrides from a config file.
Return True if the value is a LVM False otherwise.
Returns the Openshift version of the container.
Detect if the data stream is a byte stream or a string.
Generator for the projection of the entity for the given cursor.
Re - quote a URI.
Invert one bit of datareg.
p_abstract_declarator_opt_1 - p_abstract_declarator
Require the invoke version to be less than the specified minversion.
Create a GCS environment for an app.
Get list of role assignments for a user.
Generate a set of keys based on the nbits of p and q.
Fits a randomundersampler to the data and returns a 2D array of the
Returns a list of boolean values indicating whether the section has the problem
Extract the line at the specified index from the beginning of text.
Create an SAML provider
click. command - line option for site command.
Log out a user.
Restore the highest status of an app.
Returns the Levenshtein distance between seq1 and seq2.
Return a list of the configured queues
Return the relative flat glob of the file with the given basename.
Get a list of Feeds for a given campaign feed.
Given a scope and a list of string ids and a list of strings return a list of
Raise notimplementederror if the function f is not a GF.
Performs a demo stemming of the given corpus.
List the commits in a repo.
Import a file into the datastore.
Clear the keystring from the keyparser.
Add the x intersection indexes from aloopy loop.
Test get_inst_data.
Get a colormap by name.
Returns a list of cost functions.
Reshapes the array to new_shape.
Returns a function that creates a celery fixture based on the given scope.
Update the kwargs dictionary with the fontdict or the kwargs dictionary if the fontdict is not
Convert a long integer to a raw byte string.
Convert a reference to an object.
Returns True if the specified resource is enabled in use_resources.
Warn the given function if an exception is raised.
Gets and deletes the messages from the current request.
Runs an Open SSL connection with the specified arguments.
Encode an extensionav string.
Returns a tuple of all template directories for a given app directory.
Fetches information of an IPsecSiteConnection
Draw the figure if it s in interactive mode.
Check if the vlan interface exists.
Test that the submission. max_similarity is equal to num_.
Replace target with replacement.
Register optimizer function.
Verify that a given repository exists and has the specified number of nodes.
Delete a collection summary.
Returns a string with the tostring of the object passed in as the root of the
Yields the user to the specified page.
Remove a string from the chat.
Function that returns the sigmoid of x.
Find missing elements in a list
Return a list of the nodes in the cluster.
Get the windowanalyzefile from a text file.
Returns the password for the specified field in the against against against the whitelist specified by the against
Lower a built - in function into a lower - case function.
Divide the value of the right hand side by the value of the left hand side.
Decode a JSON string into a python object.
Interact with a client connection in memory and interact with a server connection in memory.
Get the full spec without validation.
Configure auto_capture_screenshots before each scenario
Create a link node.
Gets the new repository from the interpreter.
Concatenate a list of epochs.
Intersection between all graphs.
Load a config file from the user s home directory.
Validate string s as an int and return the int. Raise valueerror if the string
Execute a command and read the pillar data
Returns the guestbook key for the given guestbook name. If no guestbook name is
Builds a question object from a series.
Publish an event to multiple users
Render the given template from the LMS using the given context.
Return the value of a dict that matches the given key.
Return True if value is a aware value.
Remove the aug and save it.
Convert an array to an array.
Returns the elapsed time for the given time interval.
This view is required if the request. method == str_ and the request. user is
Run the pip command.
Create a layer from a YAML configuration.
Format a parameter into a human - readable string.
Redirect to the specified URL with the specified status.
Escape a string.
Get the current user
Runs the test output from prepare_stdout and asserts the stdout lines of the test
Get the CPU arch string
Get session from file.
Attempt to load a library by its name. Returns none if the library cannot be loaded.
Returns the total sum of squares of y.
Return a mock stdout or stderr.
Add orbit if the distance feed rate is large.
Connect to the serial port and login to print a command to the console.
Get the count of the members of an image for a client.
Get a service by host and binary.
url_unescape or unquote a string if s is none.
Parse the query and replace the node with the new node that represents it.
Get the version of a cluster
Return the text mail address of the advertisement.
Return the name of the virtual provider
Validates a given config object against a given schema.
Find a sr object from a vbd reference
Return a dataframe with the result of each column as a string.
route function for the blueprint
Update the specified target with the specified dependencies.
Get the user info for a specific user.
Get the version from init_file.
Yield line number and line number without comments.
Create a new figure manager.
Setup the platform.
Return a list of storage accounts
Configures the logging configuration.
test that the values of the op_implicit method are equal.
Check if the backup_mode is a string.
Get component review
Converts an OpenSCP number to a public IP address.
Return a list of the available state functions in the specified environment.
Create an instance method for the addskip patch of the result.
Coerce string to boolean.
Compute the median test k sample for a set of groups.
Returns the absolute path of the server directory.
Get the name of the virtual machine
Cleans the traceback of a module from the exclude list.
Parse a list of output lines and return a list of tables.
Unregister all models in the database.
Test that the generated import code matches the generated import code.
Log a debug message.
p_expr_variable = p_expr_variable
Returns the next url to redirect to for the login page.
Convert a sequence matrix to a string matrix.
Find the script in the defpath folder
Generate a set of keys
Returns the previous version of the current project tag.
Convert a sequence of bytes to a string of the length of a sequence of bytes.
Get all enabled services.
Return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary.
Loads the manifest of the specified package.
Computes the computerawan - score between activecolumns and prevpredictedcolumns.
Shortcut for the main function of a module.
Get a filter from a function or class.
Converts a datetime to a time.
Sync the returners of the minion
Returns a slug version of the given value.
Get an image by name
Find the version number in a file.
Test that the command line option is expected to be in the correct format.
Verify the type of a service
p_multiplicative_expression_1 - > p_ multiplicative_expression_1
Submit a dataproc job to Pyspark.
Return the pardir of the file.
Imports the absolute path to the history file in the metadata file.
Delete one or more artifacts from the datastore.
Checks that the feature is enabled.
Parse a requirements file and return a tuple of requirements and a list of links.
Get the translated store file for the given store.
Calculates the lease strategy for a given composite draw function.
Modify the display name with html.
Check the estimator of the smote_sk_estimator.
Writes the node s graph in LaTeX format.
Convert a short short value to a rgb value.
Returns the number of open file descriptors in the current process.
Convert a Resource to a topic.
Save the answer to the database.
Test if a math subclass is equal to another.
Use pyximport to import a module.
Class decorator for creating an nd_options dict for an option class.
Creates a newterr expanduser instance for the given country and root of it.
Given a client_id must be logged in
Returns a new string with the string str_ replaced with str_.
Computes the Chebyshev p - value between two variables.
Override Sets in req if req. project_name == str_
Wrapper for the histogram_stats_api. histogram function.
Find the feat_part of an artist in an album artist.
Raise ImportError if numpy is not installed
Generate an image from a source file.
Replace num_ with num_ where num_ is the number of rows in the table.
Save an object to an HDF5 file.
Get the local IP address of an interface
Assert that dt1 and dt2 are equal.
Configure the platform.
Generates a cookie value.
Extracts the first part of the payload from the ms payload.
Filter out all nodes that are a subclass of superclass.
Writes the output to a file.
Escape a string.
center scalexy by mean and standard deviation
Return the commit item.
Converts an exception into a boto error message if err is an instance of str_.
This tests if a flag is in the result of a pip command.
Return True if value is not scalar zero.
Return the committees Treebank in a Treebank tree.
Helper function to delete a resource.
Invert a mapping.
Builds a command line interface for the CLI.
Builds the test list.
Return themanipulated geometry output for an element node.
Convert a timestamp to a datetime.
Create a new hash of the given name with the given data if it doesn t already exist
Writes a JSON object to a named temporary file.
Returns a string with quoted version of the given string.
Create a click. group option for this command.
Run the CLI.
Merge the perm not in the view menu with the perm not in the view menu.
migrate_add_message_prefix returns the number of messages added to the migration.
Compare the y - axis y - axis and y - axis y - axis y of a
Open a file in P2G format and parse its contents.
Returns the path to the repo directory for the given string.
Get the current state of a process.
Installs a folder using relative path.
Check if a jsonp function name is valid.
Register a simple tag check with the severity of the given check.
Check if theactivetcl orteapot is installed.
Convenience function that calls json_format for a list of filenames.
Prints the command line to the console.
Returns a team if the user is an admin. Otherwise returns a team if the user is
Save the current selection to the clipboard.
Inverse of a batch.
Get the next frame of the mediaplayer.
Reindex the question answer when an instance is reindexed.
Create a new descriptor from a Message proto.
Prune the expression of a variable operation.
Returns a list of available languages.
Get the appropriate resolver class for a given resource type.
Check if the user is a holiday on the specified date. If no date is specified the
Recomputes the path such that it is a path within the radius of radius.
Return True if the entry should be included in the list of language_list.
Runs the dig command on the specified host.
return the requests to be passed to the cli plugin
Returns a tuple of the number of bits and the string of the bits from the bitsstream
Returns the derivative of the residue i. e. the sum of the derivation of
Joins a list of strings into a single string.
Returns a list of lists of lists of the users in the site.
Hash a password with a given digest and salt.
Checks that the registration code is valid. If the registration code is not in the course
Assert that configdata. section_desc is a string.
Computes a constraint to compute a sphere between r0 and r_adj.
Determine if an entry should beskip in the spec.
Return True if a dtype can represent a string type.
Convenience wrapper for _restripe.
Returns a list of filenames for all the plugins in the archive
Yield struct_items for a given number of items.
Loads and sets the appropriate values for the various tools that are available for a testing app
Ensure project with the specified name is absent.
Computes the summary of a given collection.
Compare screenshot and save to filename.
project pifacc options
Shuffles an array.
Loads an image file and returns it as a numpy array.
Find an ec2 address
Adds a code cell to the work_notebook.
Create a hash of the values of the item s version fields.
Run a simple multilinktopo.
Generate a file from a namespace function.
Parse the header links in a string.
Verifies the signature of a message.
Returns the name of the init file.
Returns a tuple of bool_ and str_ where bool_ is either True or False.
Read the CCTC record from the file.
Return information about the operating system release.
Draws a random value between num_ and num_ in the rgb_yuv dataset
Computes the correct P values for a target i. e. the P value of
Connect to an SSH transport
Create a module and all its parents.
Parses a list of patterns into a list of patterns and a list of ignore patterns.
Ensure that the state of the named service is running.
Computes the Eject of a monomal u.
Computes the md5 hash of an upid.
Read count double precision floating point values from the plain encoding of the file - like object.
Encrypt a message with the given key.
Parses a file and returns a dictionary of values.
Adds str_ to g. model. songs
Validate that a string s is a valid slug.
A decorator function that makes a function into a function that checks the version of the WF
Test function to create angle tuple.
Return a list of keys matching the pattern
receiver for thread_deleted and comment_deleted
Returns the sum of a given dtype if it is a string and can t be converted.
CLI command line interface.
helper function to update the names in an item tag to new_namespace
Check if route_dist is valid.
hex dump of data.
Repeats the API call and returns a generator that will repeat the API call until the
Calculate the HMAC - SHA1 hash of a string.
Unfreeze a state.
Fills a user in the moderator group of a forum.
Register a simple tag for a single entry.
Stop a running client on the given port. If the client is running on the given port
Marks a context manager to require a new ec2 volume to be created.
Returns an imperative if the sentence is a string or if the sentence is a string
Create an invalid member of a project that has no email
Returns the last_updated string in the context of the specified object.
Returns a sink for the given resource.
Return a list of all configured IPsec policies
Attempt to import name except importer.
Returns the ssh interface for the vm
Sample a set of ROIs from the training image.
Extract the coding from the given text.
Return the line number of the current file.
Get information about a gluster volume
Get a callback for a module function.
Return majorize a list of values.
Convenience function to set the index of a dataframe.
a helper function for requests. delete
Removes an element from the listtable at the given point.
Return a new coefficient with the slice i. e. the indexerror i. e.
Render icon.
Retry on failure.
Adds devices to the current platform.
Checks if a file exists or if it doesn t.
Evaluate code in variables.
Returns the platform dist string
Clear a buffer from a remote connection.
Raise valueerror if obj is not a numpy array.
client. image_create
Queue a list of models into the queue of models.
Create a source from a path in the cache.
Checks if a file exists in the given path.
Show the details of a service
Execute a single test case on the given data
Swap the two axes of a tensor
Set the carrier name.
Get thesegmented text from the given text.
Returns a pretty formatted JSON string for a given dictionary.
Builds the header string.
Set the fake nodes
Compile and test the expr with the given list of allowed_codes.
Convert a list of string values into a tf. train. feature.
Process the rheader record.
Render an XML template to a string and replace it with a HTTPResponse.
Create a queue if it doesn t exist.
Decodes a list of predictions into a list of intensities.
Runs the test runner with a random value.
Split a branchfile into a branch and a file.
Compare two digests and return True if the two digests are equal.
Start the named service.
Recursively get all messages from JavaScript files in all installed apps.
Adds a port to the bridge.
A with - context manager that extracts a single contextual zipfile.
Convert a line of text to a keyset.
Computes a linear least - squares solution to the y and x provided by y.
Copy a file - like object to another file - like object.
Returns the next url based on the current request.
Swap case.
Parse a single server and update it with the boolean values.
Get a list of issues for a given project and state.
Update the tests in the given directory.
Validates that each value is a valid template for the given schema.
Builds a custom command for the hook.
Validates a config dict. Returns a tuple of bool_ and str_.
Evaluate a function f using its lm function and return the result as anexpr object.
Create the default groups for the test suite.
Export all states to a yaml string.
Run a git command
Make a casigned certificate.
Check if a connection is dropped.
K - Folds validation cross validation.
Update the profile picture data url for a user.
Returns a list of type. types that represents the list of specialized types of the given
Helper function to call the simplify function.
Checks if a type is a pointer.
Check if filename exists in include_dirs.
If init_globals is specified then update run_globals with name and module name.
Make a link to see the other side of the page.
Formats a timestamp to a human - readable string.
Store a new ticket for a master key.
Generate a valid slug for a title.
Returns a list of the mirrors of the specified hostname. If hostname is none the default
Calculate the arMA acovf.
Create a new link in the given subreddit.
cluster permutation - t - test
ensure that the keyring is present
Encode a string as base64 and decode it.
Unzip a dictionary of parameters into a new dictionary of parameters.
argument parser for tenant_network_show
Get the list of extensions associated with a CSN.
Get uuid of label
Function that creates a timefunc based on the number of times the function was called.
Reverse the URL to the library function with the given locale.
Get the last requesthttperror in the current thread.
test prewitt_h horizontal position
Run the application with the given application.
Load a certificate with the given names.
Sends the admins email.
Adds a property line to an element node
testing. requires_freesurfer data
Get all email preferences for a list of users.
Log the physical memory of the process.
Returns the secret from the get secretsmanager for the given secret.
Publish a progress message.
Create an image
Returns a list of resource events that apply the action to the given request.
Sets the connection to dirty.
API wrapper for update_client
safe version of np. isinf
Computes the mdft of a matrix.
require post vote
Returns the filename of the first file in the directory that matches the given filename.
Compute the complex Fourier Transform for a windowed time series.
Marks a student as a member of a forum role.
Get the total size of all files in a directory.
Append an XML text node.
Assert that num_ is a datetime object and has the same length as num_.
Convert Unicode to HTML.
Returns a list of all models to patch.
Yields a tuple of all tmux config files in the tmux config directory.
Registerwitharg checks for VRF table.
Returns the module corresponding to the given filename. Returns none if no plugin is found.
Updates the subject interests for a user.
Checks if an element with the given selector is exist on the given element.
Generates a k - value based on the hash_func and the data.
Assert that the datetime object is naive.
Unmounts a volume from the filesystem.
Returns a list of all the processes on the system.
Get the loop sections without intersections
Make a random image name.
Returns the max value of x.
Open a file and return a dirdbm object.
Run a simple timed install of all prereqs in a single task.
Select an item from a time series.
Sets the value_to_set based on the dot_path_or_list.
Returns the full path to the specified module.
Returns a dict of functions that require a password change.
Generates a list of paths for the specified package from the specified rospack object.
Return a computer name
Yield unique items from a sequence preserving the order.
Set the settings for the agent.
Reads a signature file and returns its contents as a base64 string. Raises exception
Make the actual API call.
Computes the number of distinct measures of a single - level Pearson object.
Merge two sorted collections.
Checks if an object is a function
test that pooling is done by max_pool and mean_pool.
Convert a JSON string to a python string.
Call the talib_with_ohlc phase of a list of bards.
Returns a list of the credit provider display names
Given a username follow the user. If the user is not found abort the request and redirect
Make a request to the API to retrieve an object.
Construct the algebraic representation of coeffs.
Calculates the square root of num_ / p. If p is greater than max
Return a dictionary containing the values of themailexchange event for the given name.
Return True if the module is virtual False otherwise.
Check that censure has a range of values.
Convert unicode to the local version.
Strip chars from s.
Handle the response in response_format for treeio_login_required.
Returns the current host slan IP.
Get the name of the file on disk.
Change the gid of a user
Get the version number from the versionfile.
Returns True if rt_table is available for this ip
Notifies about the usage of an instance.
Remove all strings in paths from the root of the list of paths.
Wrap a string to a maximum width of num_ characters.
Command line interface for the bulk rename command.
Returns True if the value in the choices is an element of the array
Returns the registration object for the given email address.
Convert a 2d constant to a 1d constant.
Render a template_failure message if the user is not associated with a login failure.
poll a process for a certain number of non - zero exit codes.
Runs the test output of the table with success colorless.
Raises an AssertionError if the two vectors are within a specified tolerance.
Parses a votable from a single table
Register the simple tag to be reviewed.
Returns the URI prefix that should be used for the requested host and port.
Enables the specified module.
project polya polyb inside polya and polyb
Get thesegmented text from the given text.
docstring of P_iteration_statement_2 for P_iteration_statement_2.
Extract boolean value from string.
Assert that the world s myclass attribute is a string and has the class attribute myclass
Runs the test main module and asserts that the running version is the version of bokeh
Check if the given class is abstract.
Returns the course key for theoursetalk
Check if a file - like object is readable.
Returns True if the user is a member of a group.
Submits a task to submit the calculate may grading csv.
Recursively check for links destination in the document.
mnc to mnc2mvsk
Reads the piversion from the input file.
Run a command with the given arguments and return its stdout.
Getmanipulated paths for the loop with the given sidelength and xmlelement.
Setup 2 axes
Calculate the cone of an individual at a given position.
Fit to a single class using neighbourhoodcleaningrule
Assert that all unit summary has the same prefixes.
Uninstall the requests context manager.
Returns the value in the range where the value is between the specified range.
Hashes a file and returns the hex digest of its contents.
Returns a string with num_ and reference of the kverifyresponserenewed
Try to connect to an external IP
Assigns a random region to a resource.
Starts a listening socket and returns the socket object.
Raise cryptounavailableerror if not available.
theme project controller
Return the maximum value along a given axis.
Returns a bool if it is in the Qt console
Returns a list of services that are not enabled in the current runlevel.
Return a set of all supported uri scheme names in the gst. registry.
Returns the documentation of the current command.
Return a panel with properties from the passed in panel. If the passed in panel is the
Get the sqlite db for the current app context.
Updates the model s update options.
Returns a string representation of the display time zone.
Test function for powerexpand.
Returns the content types map for the given mimetype locations.
Validate that all values in a list are valid port numbers
Control the time limit of a command.
Returns the unit price of an offer in a line.
command line argument decorator for the utils. arg function.
Render dashboard column.
Delete a queue in the given region
Check if a string is a valid fingerprint.
Adds a new tab to the course s tabs and updates the item in the course s
Computes the logarithm of x.
Greedily wrap a string to a maximum width.
Returns a list of strings that do not have a prefix in the trie.
helper function for _ worker_ctl
Assert that item1 is before item2.
This function asserts that the sensor state is the same as the one in the code.
Returns a string with the roundtoplaces.
Wait until a specific snapshot is in a certain status.
Reads a string from the matrix given by str1 and str2.
Takes a list of option values and returns a list of fakeoption values.
Removes tags that are not inside a block level tag.
Print the julia code of the expression.
Returns a list of locations that should be returned from the get_ordered_locations function.
Get image from test_data_root and test_data_root.
Call the service from the given sample.
Blend the given image to the given canvas.
Parse the given string as perforce and return a datetime. time object.
Returns a list of regions the RDS2 server is connected to.
Get lines without redundancy.
Register a schema for a path.
Prints a summary of the results.
Render a string as HTML using conditional_websafe.
Extract the version number from the version string.
Creates a list of nottest instances for a given tool.
Gets a new speedrepository object and returns it.
Return a random integer n bit integer.
Uploads the project to the VCS.
Allocate a value and store it once.
Raise an exception if the input array is a scalar.
Create a WSGI resource.
Adds a host to an existing aggregate host.
Returns thebacking file name for the given volume.
Returns an iterator of all the plugin keywords.
Returns a list of power types
Calls callbackchildnotforresult on each child
Login to Google voice API.
Renders the template if it does not exist or if it doesn t exist returns an error
Ensure the named state is present
Get the V printer function.
Call Talib with count talib. ht_trendmode
Parses inputspec into a vgsl_input. imageshape object.
Returns the library with the specified name or None if it doesn t exist.
Create a new runtime location for the current platform.
Return a list of all registered models.
Use pkg_resources. workingset. require to require certain requirements.
Shows the vocabulary in the data_dict.
Returns a list of the inactive VMS
Returns the package name or None if the package name was not found.
Parse a comma separated list of tokens.
Get the retain of a media list.
Remove pyc files that are not in the same directory as the file at the given path.
Returns a URL for a static file.
include debug css files
Check if the value of the field is aligned percent.
signal receiver for models. signals. post_delete signal.
Calculate the bitwidth of a string.
Check if an upgrade is available for the given package
Normalize a URL.
Initializes and returns parameters.
Computes the commutation matrix between p and q
Compute distance comparison between two kpc and mpc.
Convert a hex string into a string.
step - then that collects the selected scenario names.
Generates a managed section from the agent nodes in the cluster.
Returns a human - readable string representation of the given number of seconds.
Fetch one or more streams after a specified interval.
Test if float is within range of 3 float values.
Get points from the loop in a specified radius.
Validate the response and return an error message if the response was successful.
Return the dot product of two vectors v and w.
complete a list of rules
Computes the summaries of all theqts of the given poster by the given
flag a user from the waffle.
Initializes the global arguments.
Get an instance from the identity map.
Log warning.
require that the project has a certain bar in it
Get the minimum value of a complex from a list of paths.
Starts a syncmanager and returns a syncmanager object.
Return a tuple of bools that are compatible with the type of the object passed in.
Checks if a role exists in the database.
Setup the platform.
Delete one or more models asynchronously.
Execute a SQL job.
Sanitize the default case.
Calculates the duration of the audio data.
Get the string representation of an object s type name.
Parse the partition spec from a string.
Finds all targets with the specified target in the qualified_list.
Normalize HTML string.
Gets a random remote app id.
Encode tablib dataset.
Delete a zone.
Get the scatter property of an entity.
Unregisters a mimetypehandler.
Log out a user.
Compute the value of a compute function on all of the tables in the given expression.
Returns True if the filename is either the input filename or wascancelled.
enter into an instance s standby and return True if the instance is in a standby
Get a list of IPv6 addresses associated with an interface.
Returns the stylesheet reference relative to the settings. stylesheet_path if relative_to is not
Calls the service registered for the specified symbol or raises an exception if the call is not
Check environment variables and print error message
A convenience function to return a list of the results of a MPTT query.
Test function to assert that the full string is not the same as the full string.
Assert that each element in list_ is an instance of class_.
reguid a zpool
Reloads acsf command.
Strip objecttransient sysmeta prefix from key.
rename old to new
broadcast an array of arrays.
Start a VM
Test volume source space.
Helper function to get the ipset command
Render to a KML document and return the response as a string.
Adds negatives and posatives for a given derivation and a list of paths.
Install or update a package
Raise exception in jinja template
Check that the scaled sum is equal to num_.
Return the machine name of the system.
Replace str_ with str_.
test that a feature is loaded from file sets line and scenario filename.
Return a string representation of the data in datetimetolog format.
Divides a polynomial by a factor factor factorization.
Hash a file
Yield successive n - sized chunks from seq.
Return a set of components of f at x.
Returns True if the given pending_registration should be considered to be approved.
Assert that p1 and p2 are close enough.
Delete a topic rule.
Registers a softwareswitch on the given address and port.
This is a test function that setup_completion and setup_completion with a default value.
Recursively create a new mergetree from src to dst.
Replace from_symbols and to_symbols with their XML equivalent.
Builds the page and returns the result.
Converts a string to lower case and converts to lower case.
Prints the string representation of the command to the console.
Execute a statement in a session with the given parameters. Returns the result of the statement.
Verifies if the request is valid for the given consumer and token.
Loads the model from the file specified in the path_to_dictionary.
Gets the hrm variables for the current user if they are specified in the request.
Ensure role is absent
Check if a string is a channel
Upload a template and reload it if needed
uplinkbusy Section 9. 2. 7
Replace HTML - escaped characters with their HTML equivalents.
Helper function to create a filter query.
core helper helper function.
Create commit command.
Check if a string is a valid type in a column.
extract items from an open tab
Split url into path and query.
Handle a namespace at the specified path item.
A contextmanager that wraps the specified context manager in a nested context manager.
Convert number of mcycles to seconds.
Returns the string to be used as a description string.
Install from a file s index_url using a hash link.
Returns a vim. vm. device. virtualvmxnet2 or vim. vm.
Runs all the tasks.
Returns a model class based on settings. auth_profile_module.
evals the locationlist of the specified host.
Return a string with all semicolons removed.
Calculates the HMAC - SHA256 digest of the given message using the given key.
Get a namespace by its identifier and raise an exception if it s not found.
Return a new expression where the expression is collate i. e. the left - hand
Filter a string by a regular expression.
Returns True if the plugin is enabled.
Convert a timedelta to seconds.
Read a string from a file - like object and return its value as an int or long
Recursively remove all subfiles and subfiles that match one or more patterns.
Returns a regular expression to match the table of table of contents to the given indexname.
Takes a string and returns a tuple of the length of the string and the length of
Partition a list of nodes into a list of nodes.
Parses a variable extend node and returns a list of placeholders.
A test that shows the page links plugin in the Django database.
Extract the tail of elem from its parent.
before_request decorator that checks if the login is fresh.
Check if the address is a valid IP address.
Returns a tuple of all the available and available sizes for a given list of kinds.
Get a map of attributes from an object to a list of attributes.
Move a stored file from src_path to dest_path.
Load the default imagefont from a byte string.
Parse a format method string into a tuple of keys num_args num_args num_
Get a certificate signed key
Converts a string message into a list of string arguments.
Annotates the test string by analysis the syntax of the string using the unicode index.
Get geometry output by connection start and end time.
Get the value of a hash field
Make a local path from a string.
Prints the string representation of the search in debug mode.
Assert that the script is installed via pip. commands. install.
safe version of np. max_abs
Setup the platform.
Builds the sopel module s command list.
Convert a list of files to a filename.
Process a bitmap string and return its data.
This is a helper function to test the system and its action using parallel.
Converts a dictionary of strings to transformed paths
Check if obj is a set - binaryop.
Cast an object to the target class.
Calculate the histograms of an image.
Check if the value is a password
Create the tripledes for the given key and iv
Find the network with the given bridge
Draws a spectral graph.
Perform pairwise hmm alignment with unaligned seqs
Returns a two - dimensional dataset containing the training and testing data.
Prompt the user to select a config choice for the given config.
default error handler
Get media instance position.
Pretty - print a list of parameters.
Decorator to skip a function if the settings. root_urlconf == str_
Parse the command line forautopart.
Return a dict of re verification status names sorted by date.
Returns the site object associated with the settings. site_id.
Get the path of a virtualenv.
Create the ratelimit configuration if it does not exist.
Convert a float value to a constant value.
Registers a password for the hook.
Exits on collection with maxfail count of errors.
Extracts the text from the text that is part of the text that is in the text
Return True if distance is negative.
Change an existing retention policy.
Adds a string to the output of the command.
A dict property.
Get the content of an object in S3 and delete it.
Get a string representation of a type.
Returns a dict of all the environment variables that should be passed to the ansible integration command.
Get the ip of the sentinel master
Returns a tuple containing the type of each dependency in the repository dependencies list.
Iterate over a list of fields.
Remove the device we re connected to.
Send a V2 message.
skew op.
Adds an xml tag with the specified depth.
Print out the context manager.
Remove the str_ from the end of text if it exists.
archive the sources of a package to the sources_dir
Pretify the order of the line.
Get all groups for a project.
Return True if string is a canonical int.
Set the user and hosts for this environment.
Helper function to get the hy bridges name.
Return a two - element tuple of strings that match the sort key of a string.
Default export transform.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the user provides CORS features for the given frequency.
raise valueerror if valueerror is not raised
Parse the saved rules from the given configuration file.
Creates the database if it doesn t already exist
Get the number of CPU cores.
Get the number of commits in the describe.
Convert a version string into a tuple of integers.
feed reader for a group.
Create a patch viewer for the given dataset.
Concatenate multiple values from a list of models with an attribute.
Run the event loop until the exception is raised.
Colorize text.
Returns the package name of a given file.
Joins format_html and format_string with the arguments_generator.
Add syncing models to a collection of syncing models.
Get package information.
Compare two namespace - prefixes.
Train the optimizer.
Resize the given data to the given socket.
Returns a boolean list of the file or directory at the given path if the file exists.
Calculates a set of variables based on the specified flavor.
Finds all snippet files that match the pattern in str_ in str_ in snippet_
Check the plurality of the given items based on the plurality of the given
Return a list of sids from the test_songs.
Get the value of a node annotation.
Get the snapshot data
Return the session counter.
Convert a string table into a byte stream.
Raise an exception with the given class.
Dispatch the given dispatch and return the correct class.
Sets the error status and output for the error.
Returns True if the item in the test list matches the passed in ignore_test_paths
Load a glyph from a font and a dictionary of glyphs.
Gets the first and last day of the month of the given date.
Import all notification driver modules
Inverse of pinv.
Shift n and b into an int if n > = b and b > = num_
Rotate a vector by an angle along an axis.
Check if an upgrade is available for this name.
Get the commit message for a suggestions.
Function to be used as a task decorator.
Set the function to be public.
Returns a list of datastore fields for the given resource and valid_field_types.
Rotate a rotation matrix between two matrices.
Test function for get_model and set_param_vector.
Returns a list of all enabled and disabled settings.
Return the grains for the minion
Prepare lookup value.
Read the normal RST file with the column names in str_
Converts a list of lists to a string.
Look up the serviceagent of the current user if the user is a member of the related
Detect executable paths in a sequence of source values.
Set properties for an image
Get all the gl entries for a company between from_date to root_lft and
Returns a list of messages from a report.
quote a string
Initialize os2 configuration.
Parse string representation of date.
Find the migration repository.
Recursively process the list of rules from a match_rule to a list of rules.
Returns a tuple of coverage arguments and environment variables for this executable.
Convert text into a text string of bytes.
Get terminal size
Convert a batch to a scipy. sparse. csr_matrix.
Cache a local file
Returns the URL to remove a tag from question_id.
Inject functions from the pyopengl2 namespace into the module namespace.
Get the remote URL of a git repository.
Determine if two pixels are the same or not.
Extract the error message from a page.
Adds a proxy to the request
Returns True if name should be ignored
Get media instance title.
Start logging from a file.
Check if the server is alive.
Get the list of proxyypass servers
Parse a string that represents a Koreanonblog date into a w3dtf
Returns a new entry id for the given entry.
Get a phylogenetic metric by name
A test for config_google_home_listen_port.
Decode a string to a unicode string.
Generates a random salt
Format a stat response.
Create the base cipher for the given parameters.
Add an xml from a list of vertexes.
Yield successive n - sized chunks from an iterable.
Returns the segment_info if the environment requires it.
Returns the access key from the environment variable str_
Get the current job in the current stack.
Remove a directory if it is empty
Returns True if the user has no votes for the given user.
Returns a list of scopes for the given services.
Perform insertion unsort on the given string.
Removes the first num_ lines from the list of lines.
Checks if the current version of distutils is newer than the current version of py2.
Return the name of an object.
Generate a random password.
Returns thesegmented text from the provided text. If the text is not in the repository
Parse a manifest from an XML file.
Convert plaintext to HTML.
Returns the number of bits in the statusregadrs field if the statusregadrs
Formats the given value as a number of files.
Adds a configuration handler to the Qutes callable.
Concatenate a list of arrays along a specified axis.
Try to find the readline library and load it if it s not available.
resize and delete a promo image
Returns True if the given action is required.
must_be_branhdr_from_node must_be_branhdr
Sends an email to the user if contacted = True.
Create a rebulk representation of the language
Copies a query optionstoprotocolbuffer into a queryoptionstoprotocolbuffer
Return the angle along the specified axis.
Get the represent name of a user.
Split a string into quoted and non - quoted parts.
Register a sr_loop command.
Update dict_to from dict_from if key exists in dict_to raise keyerror
Displays the manager command.
Loads a list of images from a JSON file.
Returns a string of the generatetab of the given depth.
Creates a RecurringJob with the specified start date and loop_period and loop_count
Return True if the sum of x is at origin.
Update or create a volume type extra specs.
Find all tests in a directory.
Adds the amount of the time in the specified time unit and amount of the time in
Initializes a logging handler.
Generate all pairs of a contrast.
Get the name of the root device of a properties object.
Filter a sosfilt.
global function used in library. tag_vocab
Check that the evoked data has the same number of channels and the same number of
Replace the owner and coownersids with their respective values.
Return the leftpoint of the given set of points.
Create all tables in the database.
Returns a list ofassociations for the specified QoSspecs.
Convert a timestamp protobuf to a datetime.
Return the cache id for a given service and resource id.
Creates a tar file of the geonode package.
Set the global logger class.
Return the min index of count elements in a Dataset.
Return the fermat of n
Gets the html content of a web page and returns the soup
Evaluates the diff between two records.
Send notification email when a new language is subscribed to a project.
Computes the kernel of two kernels
Creates a link between the volume and the backup.
Show the details of a specific job.
Get a zone by zone_name and want_private private and zone_id.
Cull out a list of potential files that match a pattern.
Open a resource from a resource stream.
NAME packs_ok. py
Creates a pairtree marker in the specified folder if it doesn t already exist.
Makes a heappushed version of g by heapify and heappushing
Returns a container controller for the given configuration.
A context manager that silences sys. stdout and sys. stderr.
The testconstrain filter max norm test.
Reads text as a table with the specified delimiter and asserts that the table matches the
Get the readme files for the repository if available.
Reads the croninfo. yaml file and parses its contents.
Returns True if gating user is enabled for this course otherwise False.
Create a certificate issuer id.
Check if a user has a permission for a group or org.
Train thedae dataset from the YAML file.
Replace special characters with their respective characters in the text.
Parse a rarefaction file name from a string.
Print information about a virtual machine.
Parse a range header.
Return the full file name and module name of the given module.
Create a version for an addon and update its status if needed.
Return a list of the names of available modules
Computes the comprression rate for a given file.
Adds a new translation for a plugin.
Returns the type of the given result.
Validate a URL against a list of protos.
Uninstall one or several packages from a list of installed packages.
Returns a numba type based on the input shape.
Show BokehJS with specified action.
Returns a datetime_from_timestamp_from_uuid1 ( uuid_arg )
Create a DHCP options resource.
Tokenize a template tag and return a list of the vars.
Return a copy of a numpy. ndarray of the specified dtype.
Get the angle of the interior element.
Update the lookup_candidates of the task in the pipeline.
Mark the title of the page before it is deleted.
Returns the value of a parameter or the default if it s not present.
Initializes the rcsetupmodule.
Returns a dictionary with the values of dict_a and dict_b added.
idzr_id op.
Yields a generator of all the registered models with verbose_name and verbose_name
Return the type of the image
Return a list of the nodes with the specified location
Checks if a device exists in the given namespace.
Test that the application requires the application to be installed.
Get a password from the user.
Create a delimited list of strings
Returns a list of all test cases in the specified module.
Gets all devices of a given instance.
Returns the sum of the R6 components of x.
Generate a unique JID
This function is a helper function to handle the case where a rmtree error is raised. It
Return the Qt widgets application instance.
Add one or more objects to the dependency set of the device memory.
Get the version number of an HTTP profile.
Opens a new connection to the database.
Returns the documentation for the given command.
Returns a key with the description of the time between now_descending and now_desc
Determine if the given file is a tty.
Convert an array of RGB values to an array of RGB values.
Returns true if the txn_id in the default manager is different than the one passed in
Perform agent checks
Helper function to add a new instance controller.
Converts an image to a blob
Determine if the profile_memory should stop.
Return the unicode string of p if p is a unicode string otherwise return p if p is
Returns a datetime. date instance from a string.
Given a list of sequences return the length of the longest sequence s ID.
Yields a valueerror from the generator and raises a valueerror if the generator yields
Adds endpoints to a set of segments based on the doubleextrusionwidth of the
Simplify the parser return node.
Unpack a version string as a tuple.
own own own own own own own own own own own own own own own own own own
Get the managed cloud config value
Returns a list of problems with the help_text of the given command.
Gets the consumer associated with the request.
Return the offset of the last chomp commit.
Check if a hostname is valid.
Get the current time of the media player.
Convert version_string to a simple string.
Converts a string representation of an IPv4 address into its hex representation.
Run the given function in WSGI mode.
Open a trace from a host and port.
Return the conjugate of num_ if sys. version_info > = 2. 7.
Makes two inputs of the same dimension. The first is the keys of the two inputs
lowess is the isotropic one.
Splits the port number into a host and a port number. If the port number is
Return the source code of the given node as a string.
Update the endrec to the end of the zip file.
Raise a comma after the end of the logical line.
Computes the mne of the given location.
Returns a list of locale dirs for the given resources.
Returns alinux adapter name and IP address.
Default redirect URL.
Returns a string with the minimum value of the given JavaScript string.
arg parser for remove_secgroup
Function used to create the tooltip for a node item.
Raises an error if the token doesn t exist or if the token doesn t exist
Validate the XML file.
Assert that the description of a scenario is as expected.
Computes the Hermitian covariance matrix.
This task is a celery task that sends email using the send_users_email method.
Prints the basic debug information for this instance.
Log a message at the specified logging level.
Returns a function that handles the response_format = response_format for treeio_login
Returns a timestamp and device_id and uniquifier for the given asset_id.
Returns a tuple of the boolean and the name of the module.
Sends a consumer email according to the OAuth settings.
Return a list of the certificates associated with the specified service.
Escape a string.
Return a sorted list of the value with the same key as the arg.
Normalizes a float to have a positive value.
Shortcut for the googl hook.
Redirect the user to the url of the compiled application.
Reads the long description of this package and returns it as a string.
The default response format is treeio_login_required.
Returns the mode specified in backup or if backup is not specified return the specified backup option.
Get the global logger.
Returns a URL for the given view_name.
Return the primitive in x0.
Patches the thread module if threading is True.
Check if the OS supportsavx.
Register callback for yank_nth_arg event.
Replace str_ with str_
Returns the language code supported by the given path.
Get a radius from a list of points.
Remove old and new image files from cronjobs.
Gets a supported language variant for a given language code.
make sure that p is a list of ast. tuple
Create a sopel. module. part function.
Takes in a list of unit sizes and calls make_ allocated_size_tests for
Runs the given script if it exists.
This is a decorator for commands. It handles the case that the user does not want to
Writes the specified messages to the specified file.
Create a coroutine that unlinks a specific identity.
Remove the specified file or folder from the target.
Make the file fn read - only.
Validate the commit message.
Return True if dist is in a user site.
Wait until the volume has a certain type of new_volume_type.
Returns the unicode compatible class.
Transpose a matrix of size num_ with num_.
Convert a single color to a single color.
Return a string representation of the time until the given value or the specified arg.
Returns the configuration string for a given family.
Serialize an object to JSON.
Gets a list of all instance UUIDs associated with a given host.
Delete a document from the database if it exists
Returns a list of the apps in the JSON RPC service that match the given regular expression.
Return the RX object associated with the packetid
Parse a list of sentences according to a grammar.
Returns the input hook that is passed to PyOS.
Returns a tuple of result and properties from the API response.
Calculates the filename for an image.
Detect whether the stream is a CSV or not.
Add gradients summary to a collection.
Builds a credentials tuple based on the specified options.
Log a message only if the logging module is enabled.
Validate a value as an int.
Converts a string to a string and writes it to ctx. ctx. output.
Returns a dictionary of language codes for the given site_id. If site_id is
Returns the js representation of the given value
Converts a string to a list of strings.
Read a pcap file and return a list of count lines.
Drop missing values in y along the specified axis.
Return a list of sub - journals to beacon
Creates a new twitter block
Compute the inverse inverse inverse of iht_fit_sample with a random selection of values
List virtual interfaces
Save the editor editor.
require a context to have a group type by id
Converts uidb36 to a URL - safe uidb64.
Sends an email to the user once the daily rating is received.
Enable a service on the minion
Wrapper for the protoc plugin.
Test function for group_by.
A plain BFS generator.
Get the default name of a node.
Perform an HTTP POST request on the specified URL with the specified data.
Find the first occurrence of a path in a list of finders.
Find element by css selector and wait until it is found
Registers a template tag to get available languages.
Returns the response after a password reset is done.
Try to find a line library by looking for a string in the file. If not found
Yields items from function in a stream - like way.
This function performs a grid search of the predictive distribution of the predictive distribution of a
Fail if first equals second as determined by the == operator.
Create a shape from a shapefrom path
Concatenate a list of tensors along an axis.
Set a font for a configuration file.
Provides a context manager reader for instance faults.
Returns a list of breadcrumbs for the given query and path.
Validate a bug tracker URL.
Wrapper around subprocess. Popen and wait for it to finish.
custom context data for Zendesk fields
Checks the version and the version of the object to make sure it is the correct version
Get the index of the const index.
Try to open the lockfile if it exists or remove the lockfile if it exists.
Merge the hosts and roles from a set of roledefs.
Function test that require a single key that already exists in the database.
Returns a string with the rounded tothreeplaces.
Clicks the element specified by css_selector.
Get the xunit function from an object.
Return a function that reads a config from the given path and returns a config object.
Prepares one or more of the asides to store.
Resumes an instance
Truncate the value to the specified number of words.
Return a dictionary of properties for the current configuration
Check if the function passed in is called with the argument arg. Returns True if the function
Ensures that the gcs_uri is a GCS directory.
Returns the tooltip for the request.
Returns the dtype if it is a complex dtype else the float dtype.
Update versions of an addon that are compatible with the given instance.
Returns a dictionary of gecos from a user s name.
Get paths from model given a list of indexes
Check if the logical line is None or not.
Build a list of all files in a directory.
Get a driver by name
Returns a human - readable name for the given function.
Return a context manager to clean the cache after the context is done.
Get the lease for a VM on the network.
Set the values of the arguments that are passed to the method.
Get n minibatches
Yields test tabs for modules that are not in sys. modules that are not in
Load an object from a dot - separated path.
Expand the dimensions of an array.
Check if two tensors are True.
Convert a list of issues into a dict.
Return the current system encoding.
View function that checks if the betasigned log is valid and if so returns the results.
Get all the values of all the strings in the system. If forautodetect
Get the MAC address of an interface
Multiply the value of the right hand side of a variable.
Generate a new dataset file with the given number of items old.
converts a geometry element node to a container element node.
bar plot of an iterator of items
Reshape x to a 2d array.
Return the pre_run_code_hook if any.
Checks that batch_normalized_mlp learn_scale and learn_scale are not
embed an album
Executes the specified command in the current namespace with the specified query.
Seed a random number
Get a single user from the database.
Replaces html with unicode and strips html.
Return the string representation of animode.
group a 1D array by a number of unique unique values
Convert an elementnode to a geometry node.
Helper function for handle_existing_loggers.
Gethwinfos client_list.
A linear function that computes the dot product between t y and a.
Traverses tensor x and copies its contents to d.
step command output should not contain text.
Applies a given set of requests to a list of requests.
Creates a new instance of the specified flavor.
Parses the command line options and returns a tuple of the options and the explicitfile.
Calculate the LCP of a given string in a given array with specified rank.
Get the current offset
Plot the polar axes.
Parse the XML document and return the corresponding document.
Sets up the logging handlers based on command - line arguments.
Check if n is a tuple.
Patched version of the describe_step function.
Get the resource path for a virtualenv.
Returns the sentinel object
require that the user be logged in
A decorator to mark functions as deprecated.
Validates that the given data dict is valid according to the provided logic. schema. default
Render a single dson object
Given a project slug return a url to link to the project s login page.
Write the craft text to a file.
Adds the good_filename to the database if it exists
Transmit a message to the remote Yard stack.
Restart the service if it s a service or if it s a running service it will restart
Extract the descriptions from a set of files.
Activate a requirement if it is available.
Update the session cookie if the request method is str_ and the settings. language_code
Add devices to the specified platform.
Validate that a value is a valid slug.
test for atomic download of failure
Takes a curve value and a threshold value and a range of threshold values and returns a
Return the load for a specified jid
Assert that the virtualenv is in the virtualenv and that the user is in the virtualenv.
Run the test case.
Runs the test case where the labels are not defined in the YAML file.
Get the current working directory
Add a path to the list of infillpaths.
Send a list request to the API to get a list of all instances.
Return a rebulk of the rules for a given release group.
Return a list of tokens that are normal tokens.
Resolve all elements in an annotation that match a task.
Returns ordered list of categories
Convert a string representation of an IP address to its binary representation.
Returns the in6_ismaddr of the given string.
Returns a list of all the ports that match the specified name
Returns the path to themakefile.
binary operation of p_expression_binop.
Return the number of io counters after the given interval.
Get the root directory of the given path.
Enable a job in the salt - cloud server
Create a new figure manager and show it.
HTML - escaped text to be used as a template.
Logs the user in using the crypto login method.
Sums the parts of an array.
Merge two dictionaries into one.
Convert timedelta to days.
Tries to serialize the given data.
Returns a new template class and template class for the given identifier and template name.
Summarize the mean and variance of a distribution.
Returns the basename of a path relative to the base directory of s.
Returns the tenant with the specified name.
Log the contents of a file to the log.
Return the gradient of the constant variables of the given expression.
Calculate the partition index of a value.
Decodes the string to be used in the hook.
This is a test for Eidos that uses pip to find editables in a legacy
Yields a name and a category from a set of categories.
Distribute the user and host keys for this environment.
Get themanipulated paths for an element node.
Runs on the given service.
Read pillar from vault for a minion id
Disable password auth in the sshd config.
Loads bucket data from the meta. client. bucket_load object for this bucket.
Create a test image.
Generate a set of test set parameters for an isotropic Iforest test set
List all users of a MongoDB database
Memoizes the current git object.
Returns the text of the contents of the given text file in the given GnuPG archive
The main entry point for the watch command.
Returns a pretty string representation of the frame relation type.
Create a pipeline to download a file.
Writes the given string to the given file.
get_server returns the first server in a service group that matches the specified name and port
Query the database for the user s notes.
Returns the name of the arguments to pass to the given function.
Print an error message to stderr.
Indent the given buffer at the given row.
Returns an error that requires acsrf token in the request.
Returns a list of circle intersection loop objects
Write an int to file descriptor fid at the start of a block with the given kind.
Get the information associated with a jid
Restore warnings. filters and warnings. filters to new state.
Replace link with its absolute path.
Get a color name for a value.
skip decorator for skip test_addreferencetofile and test_addreferenceto
Get the current runlevel
Generate the bagging indices for the features and samples.
Set environment variable key to value.
Raise valueerror with default values.
Return True if at least n elements in a list l.
Convert a butterworth pole to apower - law using a butter
Returns the kernel if the value is a string or None if the value is not a string
Test function that creates the wedge text source file.
helper function for _netstat_route_netbsd
Creates a new init. py file in the parent directory.
Check if the swift is virtual.
This function is called after a wheel is created. It calls pip and asserts that the
Computes the perceptron output function.
PDF of a log - normal distribution.
Checks if the current version is up - to - date. Raises curatore
get release by id
Return the float value of the directive that is found in the sphinx shell.
Make a graph that has num_ vertices and num_edges.
X_server_test for distributed servers.
Decode a standard base64 encoded string.
Sanitize a filename.
Fold a list of ranges into a new list of ranges.
Format obj as a line - oriented string and print it.
Get the absolute numbering for an indexer.
Initialize the zoneinterval table for the given vertexes.
Sanitize a URL.
Process a list of data nodes into a graph.
Deconstructs an object s docstring into a function argument list.
Derivative of the dirichlet logpdf function with respect to alpha.
Create a URL to the data of a given mimetype.
Update a collection summary.
Create a parameter of a given value.
Check if the current event is safe.
Assert that testing requires testing data to be rendered.
Install a package using pip.
View the storage account table view.
Reset the locale to the default one.
Return True if the given string is printable and False otherwise.
Return the machine key
test function to accept custom exception text
Returns True if the given segment matches the given section.
Test function for test_statsd_fail.
Splits a sequence into chunks of a given size.
Returns a human - readable string representation of the current stack frame.
Combine chain of genplays into a single chain of genplays.
Returns a class from a module given its string name.
Lower getattr for generic types.
Finds the username and password for a given host.
Decorator for string filter functions.
Test for array coordinates and distances.
Get all the questions for the given complete id. Returns a list of question objects and the
Wrap negative index.
Show the index page of the specified module.
Return True if the test is a file end with one of the endings.
Read the key from the config file if it exists and if it doesn t raise an exception
Returns the absolute path to the directory of the given file.
Enable action for a given service.
Find the management module for the given app name.
Check if the user s tags match the number of tags in the given datetime.
test that feature. max_length is equal to num_.
Get roles with permission.
Returns a queryset of the fans associated with the given object.
Return the set of unresolved symbols in the given hex_code.
Get the locale name for the given category. Raises a typeerror if the locale name
Compute the KDE of an integer array.
Converts a URL to a quoted version of a given string.
Render a wempy template file with the given arguments
Get a list of tiles for a given set of names.
Returns a dict of the URL s for the given content object and the URL s for the
Makes a file from a template and calls smart_fill_file on it.
Setups an sauce client
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the specified path is a file or a directory.
Returns the raw value of a given key or None if the key is not specified.
Gets the collection rights by its ID
Find the root resource of the given resource.
Get the geometry output for the given derivation and xmlelement.
Return the inverse permutation of a matrix.
Create a moving average with sum of losses.
Clone a bs4 element.
Get the new derivative of an element node.
Connect a test client to a test client.
Convert a journal to text format.
test RGB to HSL part 4
Change the state of the bot in the given session.
Set an indicator on a board.
Remove an application from the bench. app module.
Returns the task status.
Make sure that a string is a valid C - style variable name.
Change the interactive mode.
Split filter value for quotes
sparse activation test.
Register the language info.
Normalizes a set of facts based on the current value of AWS s metadata.
Join segments in the list of segment tables into the list of segments in the list of segment
main function for testing if the table is not masked
Writes the given buffer to the given fd.
Check that the plot_psd_topomap always fails.
Group or org revision list
Convert mc to mnc.
Returns a dictionary of data for a particular season.
Convert a list of native paths to a list of native paths.
Cache the status of all channels to the global status_cache.
Return a string representation of the data in pickle format.
Return a function s arguments as an ordered dictionary.
Create a topoopt human - readable string out of an option group.
Get mapping of block device names to snapshot IDs and volume types.
Merge the contents of another configuration into the base configuration
Remove any existing joinables from the filesystem.
Set format callbacks.
Converts a list of descendant addresses to a list of globs.
Returns the server type based on the doc string.
Generate a set of spectral fingerprints
Returns True if x is an int ; otherwise False.
Convert an array or matrix into a linear operator.
Returns a datetime object representing the number of seconds since the epoch.
skip importorskip test
command line interface for command line interface.
Check if the imageio and pil library are available.
Returns the signed app reviewer server endpoint.
Returns True if in_str is not empty.
View decorator that checks if the user has permission to the report.
accept connections forever
Write the corrected mapping file.
Reads the contents of a text file.
Reads the config file and replaces options with removed_value_name.
Show the version of the device.
Authorize a client with the given credentials.
Convert the current time to UTC.
Check if the urls should be included in the trigger.
Create a row of given dtype.
Ensures a forward rule for public_ip port and private_ip is defined in ipv
Registers a function to handle the media links in the template.
Assert that num_ == float_range
expression of num_ in p where num_ is a number
Get the step state for a given step name.
Register a simple slug url.
Return a list of events from the server that match the specified criteria.
Redirect the user to the create page.
Runs a command and returns the output of the command inside a directory.
Writes a string to a file.
Disassociate all fixed IP addresses from a given host at a given time.
NAME galhtmlprefix. py
Get a value from the database.
Generates a signature based on a public key and a private key.
Returns the foreground and background colors for the given name.
Check if the response has aary header.
Returns the path to the template file.
data_fun is a function that converts sinusoidal times into a time window.
Change SSL certificate key.
A contextmanager that sets the locale to the given one if the locale is not set.
Return an iterator over the given types.
Assert the icon of the arceus is the same as the icon of its form.
Computes the fraction of the actual vs predicted vs the predicted.
Find all of the socketfiles in the search_dirs.
Load a YAML configuration file.
Get the string representation of an IP version number.
Run a command that checks whether or not the package is installed.
Flatten the content of a response into a single string.
Remove all keys from the specified database
Checks the string representation of the render pipe.
Splits a sentence by stem
Return the appropriate table for the given record or current record.
Returns the full path to the include file.
Re -verts the dups of a pair of functions f g u k.
Computes the total loss from all the losses in the current scope.
Returns a list of strings that start with the rest of the path.
Returns an HTTPResponse object containing the proxyconnect response for the given request if the user is
Apply divs to form for each field in fields.
force_unicode will attempt to convert to unicode if s is a string. If s is
Check if the git fetch should be used. If not return modified or modified lines.
convert instance to string
Calls a command with the given environment name and install string. Returns True if the number
Return thesvd of the element - wise element - wise product of the element - wise
Make a 2D grid from a list of arrays.
Adds logx and logy to the input if logx < logx and log
Encode a string using double - url encoding.
Parse the comments in a string.
Recursively parse a list of lists of strings into a list of checks.
Return a name for a resource.
Create a document
slugify a value in a queryset while preserving the slug field.
Remove document permissions
Returns the output target extension if it exists or if it doesn t return an empty string.
Create a tracking context for a given user.
This test returns an error if the directory doesn t exist or if the directory doesn t exist
Check if the given path is an archive of the given type.
Asserts that pip is the correct version of src_dir.
AllcapDifferential words in a list of words
Imports all modules in a package and yields them.
Returns True if the user may certify for a course.
Activate the environment from a path.
Update a single user.
Recursively update a mapping.
Prepares a create request.
Format a module directive.
Returns the filename of the file associated with this state.
Helper function for get_units
Perform pairwisepairwise job on the given data.
Shift a and b by a >> b and return the result.
Preserve the font size of the figure.
Returns True if s is ailine string.
Prints the monitor cv data to a temporary file.
Do an action prompting the given intent.
Convert a number of bytes into a human - readable string.
Format currency filter.
Test whether the classification report isim callable with a long string label.
Subpacks and installers need to be deleted.
Assert that all tpdiffs are the same.
Constructs a doc2author dictionary from an author2doc dictionary.
This is a decorator for wsgify.
Runs psea on a given file.
Add a dbhost to the source_idx if it s not already there.
sparse autoencoder function
Ensure an API endpoint does not exist
Install from scratch area.
Raises an AssertionError if first is not second.
Compute the evaluation report.
This is a test for regression 333.
Check whether the first dup element is irreducible in the second dup element.
Get the timeout value.
Fixup forff4.
benchmark for R11.
Get the current state of the system.
Encode thing with the specified encoding.
Returns the initial values of the given form.
Submit a checkout form if the user is not logged in and the status is completed.
Escapemake variable expansion.
Create the types of the elements in the given index.
process the show version of a network device
If the number of channels in the params is less than or equal to the number of channels
Helper function to wait for a job to finish.
Create a user and a profile.
Creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers.
Make sure you don t have to use the default expand function when you want to use the
if f is a file - like object return a file - like object.
Apply the factyby and blockvectorby to the current block vector.
Make a request to the given url with the given params.
Get a hosting service by name
Replace the hostname of the URL with host_addr.
Filters given options and outputs valid settings forethtool
Returns a dictionary of the proxies in the current environment.
Context manager to save the current working directory.
Get the logging level for a particular runlevel.
Setup the platform.
Reads the next loci in the file.
Returns the server for the specified family. Raises unsupportedfamily if the family is not a
View of the file upload view.
Return the kind of the key.
Return the partial maximum of a.
Return the line number and the trailing blank line.
Initialize the database.
This function makes sure that the error s template is the same as the error s template.
cost function.
Given a mongoengine. validationerror return an exception that should be raised by the given function
Returns a list of all the videos in a course
Change the order of the p statement in the p statement.
escapejs function for stringfilter
Log all the tasks that are still running.
Return a list of py_files and extensions from amf object.
Return a single selection
Return the ref matrix of two matrices p and q.
Initializes the stub functions for the remote_api_stubs.
Returns a tuple of all variables in the given scope.
Yields the indentation for the given logical line and previous logical line.
Returns the raw string of the XML document.
Removes filenames from a descriptor.
Run a test feature without setup.
Create an asyncsqs connection
Get all MFA devices associated with a user.
Displays a list of all the documents that match the specified tag. Returns a list of
Generate a sha512 hash of a string.
Update the top fields of the cronjobs.
Return the parameter to pass to a function that takes two arguments a and b and returns the
Filter out filenames that are not in the _excludes list.
Return a numpy array of the elements of a that are a symmetric cross product.
Yields the conditional formatting element from the worksheet.
Change the workphone of a gecos device.
Create a head node dict from a list of fixer instances.
Set the context manager to in_sigh state and then restore the old context manager.
Redirect to the default URL if the mode is not specified otherwise redirect to the default URL.
Create a new column type.
Check to see if a key is encrypted
Convert val to the nearest neighbors of val.
This function checks if the request path is in the external app folder. If it is not
Validate the LMS configuration.
Unregisters a hosting service by name.
Decorator for functions that require the user to be logged in.
This is a simple WSGI application that returns an iterable over the lines of the response that match
Returns a course s syllabus section
Return a list of names that are deprecated.
Get the width of a string.
destroys a node and all of its associated DNS records.
test that pip can download a link to the site - packages package.
Convert sina_xml to url list
Create an environment for the virtualenv.
Entry point for the requests module.
Call talib_with_ds with talib. linearreg_ intercept.
Calculate the center of a matrix.
Runs the test output with a successfulstdout.
Build a graph of entries from the given cursor.
Builds a list of criterion operations for an adgroup.
Check if the datastream has the given message.
Check if two numpy arrays are equal.
Find thedrum group device.
Convert dev to the base directory of the device.
Prepares the environment for a subject and mri and bem environment.
Recursively compute the precision of the value of all child nodes of element.
Render the cart as html.
get_cmd is used to get the full command to execute.
Handle the response format for a treeio login required to edit an account.
Returns the id of the object if it is a string or an int. If the object
Return a list of extractionors for all the classes.
Returns a renderer for the given object.
Convert a file object to an int.
Return the value of ellipticalell.
Return default app action
This is a helper function for the engine namespace handler. It handles the different engine namespace names
Return a copy of the data after calling the pre_compute function.
Print the error message to the error log.
Parse a line into a key - value pair.
Returns a generator that loads all records in the database that match the passed in query.
Returns the number of seconds since the given timestamp.
Parses the given string as HTML using the specified parser.
Return True if str_ is in salt else False.
Sanity code smell.
Updates the global creation order of an instance.
Prepare data for filtering.
Send a mac to the sol socket
Compute the symbolic factor of the expression expr.
Convert from one database to another one.
Helper function for _get_serv.
Returns a list of regions associated with the input string.
Return the maximum value of var along the given axis.
Get the list of files in the merged store.
Gets the values from the logging_context and parses them as YAML.
Normalize environment variable references.
Returns a string if the user is not enabled or if the user is not enabled at login
Initialize multiprocessing.
This is a unit test for django admin mediaserving.
Set the dirty flag for the given using.
Return the identity of arg.
Remove node edges from the heap.
Returns the decimal symbol for the given locale.
Check that the value has a property of max_length.
Fold the arguments given by pysig. bind and fold the arguments.
A decorator to specify whether to skip a docstring in a function.
Returns the global format writer for the given extension.
test for an invalid unary operation in an AST.
Yields two sets as strings and expected values.
Yields all tests in a test suite.
Bootstrap a Docker container. This function is intended to be used by the Docker client.
Returns True if the path is a fileordir with a file.
Renders a menu view for the given app and path.
Create a default setup function for the test runner.
Evaluate a set of filters.
generate search query for related item
Reserve VLAN ID
Send mails when a new translation is received for a unit
Returns a list of all the fields in a table.
Make sure GPG is virtual
Compute the precision recall and recall scores.
Return the value of the error function at x.
Clean up random cleanup.
Retrieve all net connections of a given kind.
Return the schedule URL for a given type and week.
Returns the md5 hash of the given arguments.
Match a keyword expression with another keyword expression.
Returns a string representation of the version number.
testing. requires_ testing. requires_ testing. requires_ testing. requires_ testing.
Register an event listener.
Reload the systemctl configuration.
Get the geometry output for the given derivation and elementnode.
Recursively compute the strict consensus of a set of trees.
Construct a domain constructor.
Extrude a given file.
Convert a string representation of a DCC description into a textual representation of the data.
Test the roberts_diagonal2 filter.
Return a new disk with the values of a column in the given disk.
route function for Azure login view.
Test if str_ is a valid unicode file.
Redirect to the specified endpoint or the next URL.
Check that the magneticinequality is correct.
Sends an email. Returns True if successful False otherwise.
Shows the current schema version.
rejects a suggestions for a thread.
Check if two blocks are equivalent.
Runs the correlation test and returns the correlation coefficients and pvals.
Return the cdlonneck of a list of bards.
Returns a set of unpassable types for arg.
Indent a genbank string.
Return a list of count jobs from the job_dir
Constructs a wsgirequest from a URI.
Check if a check exists in the checks_list.
Parse a header line into a key and a dict.
Format a mapdict into a flat list of strings.
Check if the user has the project s owner and the permission.
Replace num_ by num_ and num_ by num_ with num_ with num_
Create a string from a dimension and a hierarchy.
Applies the palette256 colors to an image.
Get a collection summary by its ID
Cluster feature - based clustering.
Given a script and a list of find_links assert that the options are listed in order
This is a test function to be used as a function of therypt module.
Assert that str_ and hug. types. boolean are boolean
Preserve whitespace in a string.
Takes a list of iterables and factorizes them into a list of lists.
Given a GitHub URL return the full URL path to the API.
Download files from S3.
Return the width of a tile within a given area of a given projection.
Returns the cli body for the SSH VRF command.
Removes a directory tree from the list of cmd tuples.
Returns a human - readable string representation of the time difference between start and end.
Count the number of lines after loc in strg.
Import a class from a module path.
Returns a tuple of bool_ and str_ where bool_ is either True or False.
Reads a string and returns a pair of strings with the new string and the new string
Migrates the labels of the objects in the specified object type.
Set the global logger class.
Update the version number of a file in the zip file with new_version_number.
rewrite the content of a file.
Gets the new derivative node for an element node and returns it.
Generates and returns a test suite for the specified target.
Get a sosfiltfilt object
Encode a hex - encoded string.
Load a movie from a file.
Returns a list of URL patterns that match the given prefix.
Convert an enum to an index using the specified key.
Construct a devicendarray from an array - like object.
Returns the number of seconds before the health check is made
Calculate the size of the array.
main function for datafeeder.
Check if the new version is available.
Return True if any of the elements in seq are not equal.
Return True if the user has allowed the namespace for the tag.
Executes the given command and returns the number of lines returned.
Get the last change of an account policy data value.
This function is used to filter numbers with a no - thousand - separator.
Check if the Azure instance has the required version.
Prints information about all the registered plugins and their docstrings.
Get the memory map of the given array.
Returns a lazy loader that loads the module specified by opts using the specified utils. This is
Parse a mime type into its component parts.
Cleans the list of files that belong to the specified backend.
Applies the command that was sent to the device.
Test function for image comparison
Return True if str_ is in salt else False.
releasecompletemstoneet Section 9. 2. 7. 1
Given a policy name check to see if the given policy exists.
Find all file paths in a page and replace them with their absolute paths.
Check that all of the config_fnames are in the correct format.
route for blob upload.
Set owner of resource according to its type.
Set the log format for the SMTP virtual server.
Grant access to shared folders to a user
Return True if label can be found in sys. modules else False.
Shuts down the data_source_thread thread and waits for it to finish.
A helper function to query a URL with the given method and params.
Return the number of cpus for this VM
Add a notification driver
Returns a relative path to the given path.
Set up the test databases and mirrored aliases.
require a user to be authorized to admin in CSV format
Initialize the data flash logger.
Start a stub for a service.
Use the framework of the AIO object.
Find the first occurrence of pattern1 and pattern2 in string
Takes a list of answers and a heading and returns the records as a string.
Extracts events from the Keen event collection.
Takes a matrix and returns the closest element to the target matrix. If target is not
Update an existing cyg_arch. Returns True if the cyg_arch is not
Check column conversion error.
Returns a string that can be used as a virtual variable
Append a string to the end of a string if the string ends with a digit.
Returns the size of a file - like object.
Create a new ssl. ssl. SSLContext instance.
Delete one or more files.
Initializes a linkmodule.
Validates that a user name is not already in the context.
Change the base type of p according to the type of the string
Make sure that the value of the attr is set to the value of instance.
Return the image to use
deploy a git repo
Yield successive chunks of a list of lists of max_rows.
Returns default values for settings. geoserver_urls
Return the version number of the IPset instance.
Formats a datetime using the specified string_.
Validate that the email is a valid email address. Raises an exception if validationerror is
API handler function
Check if vlan exists.
Get a copy of os. environ with the environment variables removed
Log the current status of the eventloop and then close the event loop.
Replace regular expression.
Patches a user config template name and calls cookiecutter.
Create a mock client for testing.
Represents the value if the value is greater than or equal to num_.
Check if a string is a valid DNS name.
Return a cycle of colors
Final layer of the network.
Download a file from a URL.
Adds word and body tags to the string.
Parse the directive name from the input string.
clean_locks is a helper function for clean_locks
Calls the given function using the given arguments and kwargs in the given pool. Returns the
get vector3 by list of float values
Check if a kdtree contains a random set of points.
Return a git line from the given list of strings.
Format a number as a float.
Counts the number of elements in the given iterable.
Run a command on all of the nodes.
Replace strings in text by other strings and split them into lines.
Check if a point is added to a path in a segment.
Returns the number of rows in the database that match the query.
Import a set of rows from a CSV or CSV stream.
Yields data from a GPI11 file.
Get possible name fields for a model.
Greedily partition counts into n buckets.
list available command - line arguments.
Wrapper for _do_mb_search.
Run a parameter from the registry. xml. subelement of the subelement with the string
Get the vcpu_pin_set.
Displays the html of a snippet edit view.
Update the values for the claimer for a worker when the claim is unclaimed.
Convert a version string to a list of version numbers.
Find a resource device for a given instance.
Returns a set of all installed apps.
Remove missing values from a series.
Returns True if schedule is enabled False otherwise.
Show the interfaces on the system.
Return information about the server
Check if a file exists.
Plot a legend for a set of bads and outlines.
Set integer values from a string
Loads a Git repository.
Print an alias to stdout.
Create a new failure from a failuredict.
Calculates the checksum of an IPv4 or IPv6 packet.
Make a memory view of a given size.
Generate a Go test environment.
Simplify the coefficient of a variable.
Returns a string with the host lease information.
Reset the git repository at the specified path to dest.
Computes the contrastive loss.
Get the Saucelabs username and key.
Initializes the pillar of the system
Get self href from the response body.
Check if a filename matches one of the matchers.
Replace url regex with given prefix.
If value is a variable resolve it. If value is a string resolve it using the string
Get the organization object.
Enable or disable remote login.
Check the password of a user.
Get the list of unused LUNs from the mappings.
A function that calls the yuicfilter executable if it is not specified.
do a woeid search and return the number of results
Creates a context manager for the secret model.
p [ num_ ] = p [ num_ ]
Copy a template to a new location.
Returns True if all of the children of the node with tag == str_ are present in
Log the completion of the future.
Returns the set of keyword arguments for cls.
Start Tmf Section 9. 2. 7. 1
Return the number of test fitness in a genome.
Gets the list of registered services.
Cutfs Bv_ev.
Preload the given list of modules.
Translate a string representation of a formula into its equivalent form.
This function is used to enable test cases in test_case. test_case.
Returns True if the course is small False otherwise.
Show the group package.
Initializes the modules.
Dumps all the elements of an object to a string.
Fileify task function
Get a public key from a JWT n and e public key n and e public key.
Convert a list to a numpy array.
Sets a value in the global config.
Default redirect to the default index page.
Takes a list of axes and a grid spec and returns a list of subplotspec objects
Attachepics to a queryset.
Squashed zfs command.
Encodes an integer using the specified prefix bits.
Make a string into a boolean
Gets the name of the given principal
Tries to run the test using the default test and if an exception is raised print the
Returns a description with unparseable arguments.
Import data from a Tinf file
Set attributes on a queue.
Get the due date for a specific node.
Returns the path to the fundmentals file.
Delete a virtual
Render a field and label.
Return a random selection of a numpy array.
test for del in generator
Clear the cache.
Applies a change to a target state.
Splits null strings in a list of strings
Run a process with the specified cmdline and raise a runtimeerror if it fails.
Graft a tree from a set of files.
Convert argument to positive int.
Convert a string to a byte array.
Runs the test JSON report output with custom setup.
Get the metrics from the logging file.
Mangle the loop variable in themako loop.
Helper function to build the exp_freq_table from the exp_freq_table.
Resolve the content of a toctree.
Returns the location of the project s data directory.
Returns the number of PANs that are visible in the setup wizard.
If name is not specified raise an error with the specified message. If name is not specified
Calculate the hadamard product of a list of matrices.
Waits until a write from a file descriptor is available.
Require the user to be logged in and update a comment.
Generate a set of headers for a response.
Converts an IPv4 or IPv6 address into a human - readable string.
Prepares the list of nodes for a given XML document. Returns a list of node objects
Start a VZ container.
Looks up a VM using the XenAPI and raises an exception if it doesn t exist
Find the path of the TCL root directory and root root directory of the root of the
Configure the limitlessled platform.
Returns a list of parser functions for a row of input.
Returns a tuple of the free bytes and the total bytes of the given folder.
Exclude a bracket in the list of language_list from the list of language_list
This task is a task that needs to be executed in the context of the current task.
Make a request to the Zendesk API to get a row.
Convert an element to a BSON document.
Write comments and expected comments.
Converts an ImageError to an ImageError.
A class decorator that adds a _abstract_admonition method to its base class.
Make or verify the core directory.
Get the precision of the element.
Remove empty lines from the text.
Delete a file from the minion
This is an example function that updates a channel s value with a given string.
Decode an image to a numpy array.
Get config value by key.
Helper function to query the namespace for a given API name.
Print windowanalyzefilegiventext.
Check that the reference key is a valid entity.
Create a link element.
Create a policy for a user.
2. 3. 0 - > 2. 7. 1 - > 3. 7.
Returns the text of the contents of the given text file in the given directory.
Get the module name for a given file.
Returns the documented in a docstring of the given name.
Test if the user s columns flag is set in the virtualenv.
Check if a loop is intersecting with another loop
Gets the current platform.
Detach a device from a zpool
Require a channel message.
Adds the current platform and version to the sys. path.
Creates a storage container
Checks the Determinism hatches.
List permissions for a given vhost.
Return random slice of queryset.
Create a channel of the given content type.
Creates an error message dialog with the specified message.
A helper function that adds the path to the environment if it doesn t already exist.
Runs the specified plugins and checks if the specified plugins are visible and if the specified plugins
Setup the GPS device on the specified platform.
Generates a new audio file with the specified title
Sanitise a json_error object into something more serializable.
Convert a glob to a regular expression.
Returns a list of team members in the team with team_name.
Install a configuration module.
Handle the default response format for treeio_login_required.
Remove a version number from a URL.
Unpacks the code if it is a string.
Places the image in a comparison between the baseline and the selected image.
Return the linear recurrence of n between a and b.
Checks that the pipeline used by sklearn is configured to use csp.
Returns True if a and b are close within a and b.
Return a list of all items in a file.
Log any exceptions raised by the update_supported_locales method.
Return list ofcap alert addresses.
Quits the main window of the root window.
Interpolates a string into a cache slug.
Asserts that the object is of the expected type.
Return the name of the given path.
Response format for treeio loginrequired
Yields the imports from the given logical line starting at the given string.
Gets the version project configuration.
Pause a project.
Runs vulture on a list of files.
Determine the disk type from the image metadata.
Returns the name of the relationship between the name of the template and the name of the template
Returns the document link for the given object.
Get the output filename for a particular split.
Inserts the values into the database and executes the sql query.
Default redirect to the default index page.
Send a load average message to sock and sleep for delay seconds.
Add a string to the tracklist.
Converts a_path to a_path relative to reference_path.
Compute the distance between a triangle p q p0 q0 a b c
Delete all appars in a location.
Updates the translation catalogs in the po file.
Extract the part of a string.
Get the current state of the remote account and refresh the local database.
Computes the precession matrix between two epochs.
Evaluates a 2d array of coeffs from a breaks array and a new array of
Check that both the stdin and stdout are closed.
Returns the stored primary server name or none if the primary server does not exist
Make a PUT request with the given data and return the response.
Construct a course grader from a list of course graders.
Function to be used as a task function to print sudo and sudo to the console.
Log error message with exc_info.
Configure the callback function.
Set the icon for a given reference
Redirect webengine data to the test environment.
Split what into a list of strings
Return the group status.
Fetch all datastore entities.
Returns a list of test hooks for the specified test_files.
Looks up an SSH host in the config and returns the config object.
Returns the snippet sequence of a given name at the given offset and count.
Check if a is a numeric v string - like object and b is a string - like
Extract the order arguments from a request object.
click. command.
Creates a new admin user with the given username and password.
Assert that the step has a repr.
Yields items from a mapping that are multi - valued.
Check that the string is in the current environment and not the user s environment.
Register the callback function to be run when the server starts up.
Returns a list of db tables
Set the title of the media player.
When a profile is deleted remove it from the site.
Check if the argument is within the range of the given ctype. Raises an overflowerror
Decode a dictionary.
Parse the output of openssh.
Return a file digest for the given file.
Pretty - print a dictionary of attributes.
require that the user be logged in
Register cronjobs for the escalate task.
Do a google search and handle the query.
Registers the request middleware for hug.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the current thread wasrushed.
Yields objects from a stream or string.
Test for equality of x to a 2d array.
Get all the volume types in a group
Returns the current fitness of the genome.
Open the cover for the given entity.
Create a new API key for the current user and redirect the user to the login page.
Registers the language info.
Renders the gallery form for the given media type.
Calculate the BKolmogorov - Bak statistic for a list of values
Helper function for salt. utils. which
Gets the user details for the specified user.
Gets the text from a text string and returns it as an svg text object.
Download a dailymotion file from the dailymotion web site.
Check if a string contains surrogates.
Helper function to format the stdout of the coredump command.
Add a local file
Determine the platform release and version of the system and version.
Test that a sph to cartesian is on the unit sphere.
Split mime type into main and sub type.
Gets the environ proxies for a given URL.
Emit the beacon of a message.
Returns a function that checks the user has access to the course with the given action.
Return a test environment script for the virtualenv.
Disable a server
returns a sudo with the settings for the mac
Show the migration changes in a list of apps.
Creates anitelink feeditem based on the site link from a feed item id.
Return the os_release attribute of an attribute.
cleanup the destination directory if it exists
Returns True if the color is a light color ; False otherwise.
Get a list of Yubico users
Create a monitor - type argument parser.
Get the channel index of the eog
Reads the evoked data from the file and returns it as a numpy array.
Finds all files of a given addon_type.
Deserialize an usage key string into an usage key object.
Returns a dictionary of queries for all registered plugins.
require that a user has a certain role in the group
Set the value of a key in a section.
Set the value of _prefixes. value to the given script prefix.
Create a version info for an event.
Return a list of all of the configuration options in the configuration data dict.
Generate project list fp.
Update the list of sources in the res dictionary and insert them into the dstpath.
This is a test function that writes the given string to the given stringio. stringio
Return the nodes of the given interface that are identity nodes.
Initializes a collection of values for the given key in the given object.
Remove a package
Linux standby mode.
Get the block count url string for a given block type set.
Computes the logfactorial of x.
Try to guess the scheme of a URL.
Return a boolean indicating whether the lookup needs distinct.
Reap the children of a subprocess.
Return a list of packages that match the specified package names.
Sends a message to the left of the specified group.
Assert that u1 is a unit division by string.
Make ax1 twiny and draw if interactive mode.
A wrapper for the wrapped function.
echo the file upload from the request
Returns the last element of inlist or none.
Make sample data.
Unlock an account
Require login_required for a thread to be logged in.
Import a single document into the database
Returns True if the packet isokay
Launch the application.
Hash the plaintext_password with the given string_.
Populates the project attributes with the values specified in attributes.
Generates anaccesstoken from the given action.
Get the output of a vtk object.
Return a filter for the tree children of the given queryset.
Get the integer value of the logo option.
Return a scheduled command for the given state.
Test the permutation t - test test of the permutation functions.
Ensures that the user is not logged in and if the user is not logged in activate
Parses the given rule.
Returns a _linux_distribution object for distname and version.
This is a test function that checks if the dirty string is the same as the clean string
R - squared error.
Returns the absolute path to the config file.
Same as django_reverse but uses the global function to generate non - prefixed urls.
Delete a virtual interface.
Build a tag parameter list from a dictionary of parameters and a dictionary of tags.
Convert a PEM cert string to ader cert string
Set the locale for the given category.
Add amoduletocache instance to the given module.
Task error handler
Format anelemcreate option.
Use the accelerator to convert the string representation of the wx instance to a wx image.
Create a derset of a list of der_objs.
Pong the connection with the event. target.
Generate a random secret.
Return the sign of a constant.
Clean up _db_content.
Returns a list of dependencies for the specified CSS group.
Return a dict with the values of orig that differ from new.
Assert that the tensor is a flat tensor.
Wrapper for talib. macdext
Deletes all permissions that are not associated with the object. Returns the number of deleted permissions
Concatenate unicode strings.
Reboot a domain
Check if a running app can be deployed in a Docker container.
Computes the p - value from the skew of a point.
Apply a function with a return error.
Split a string into n lines of length width.
Generate metricssubstitutions.
Validates the node JSON data for the given node_type.
Assert that the actual command output does not contain the expected text.
Remove the test module.
Takes a list of messages and adds them to the code.
Make distutils. setup like setup but restore the old setup function.
Push the status of the given item to the data dict.
Asserts that the language is translation by default.
Checks that a tree is a random tree.
Converts the given configuration to the corresponding Kodi settings.
A context manager that sets up the elapsed time of a test hook.
Writes the output to a text file.
Returns a list of messages for the given request.
Handles the case oflockdown - related preferences. Returns the result of the _do
Starts a new threaded server in a separate thread.
Adds a tenant to the given flavor access list.
Return an enumerator for the time zone names found in the timezoneinfo. tzregkey
embed an album into a log.
right_d_threshold_sequence returns a right - d thresholding function.
Convert a string or list of dates to a number.
List the output of a salt command
Convenience function to print a warning.
Shifts a path by shift and returns a new path_info and a new pathlist
Locate a pattern in the specified database
Generates a grant to be used in a query
Computes the variances of the embedding given the indicators and max_dim.
Get the next available device name for the instance.
test mininetcluster
Get the codes to write to the file_out.
Delete a user
Validates that the named parameter is a member of the given value.
func. argtypes = func. argtypes = [ geom_ptr ] zero = bool_.
pretty_message takes a string and a list of parameters and returns the string without the first
Returns the absolute path to the top of the autotest tree.
Return a fsoptions object from a legacy string to test flags.
Returns a path to the lib directory if it doesn t exist.
Make the pkgng aware of the jname
Get the key formemcache_key for a given collection.
Print the raw output to stdout and then exit.
Save the predictions to a file.
Returns the UTC string of the specified timestamp.
Return a function that is the lower - case of a built - in function.
Gets the Hiveserver2 principal based on its FQDN or IP address.
Imports a module from the app specified by app_label.
Get the current window s directory
Generate a course key.
Get the download URL for a specific platform.
Show the details of an instance
This test for the parameters of a mock model.
Takes a request and returns a list of string values for each param in the request.
Check if a collection exists.
Check that the ica module can plot the scores of its components.
Joins an etag with a space in the string_.
Split fitnesses into two parts based on obj.
skipif function that raises valueerror.
Get the bounding box header and the hiresbbox information.
Apply a function to an optimizer.
Load the specified fault manager module from the system
Add contacts to the sync database.
Get the details of theaml provider
Writes the back references to the example file.
Check if any of the issues are closed after the given issue. Returns a list of boolean
Create a constant image.
Return a list of file descriptors that can be read with the given timeout.
Returns the response of the course Mgmt.
Help function for x onsh_call.
Returns the Vdi record for the given sr_ref
Convenience function that asserts an exception s message is raised.
Convert a numpy array to a numpy array using castra.
Return True if the matrix is a scalar nonsparse matrix.
Recursively extract messages from a list of messages.
Ensure that the named service is disabled
Flatten a cell into a single cell of a specific type.
Get public key from PEM text or file.
Get the list of install server profiles
Returns the absolute path to the test file with the given name.
managebinaries for the system
Create a multiple choice xml
Get the asset at asset_path and return the asset URL.
Returns True if the conversion command is installed.
Release title descriptions.
Remove the last num_ elements of the array.
A context manager which ensures that the current thread is the master thread.
Get the value of a record with a composite key.
Get all snapshots for a project.
Prepares the cmd to be passed to subprocess.
Marks the pc_settings file as bootstrapped.
Filter function to convert a list of objects into a list of strings.
Returns the w3af version as a dict.
Check if the package is virtual.
Load the parser result store from a package.
Get the number of groups a user belongs to.
Get a translation unit from a source code.
Check if a consistency group exists in the source database.
Check if the complex is in an inline space.
Check if the target is newer than the source.
Returns a string representation of a list of values.
project_resync_webhook requires the user to be a member of the project.
Calculate the input length for convolution.
Returns a list of strings representing the strings that should be used as a dependency in the base
Identify the names of the given code.
Require user to cancel the draft specified by media_type. If user is not logged in
Setup the platform.
Return a tuple of main and loops for loop lifting.
modify reject Section 9. 2. 7
Return a list of mapping keys in a string.
Main function of the unit addressbook script.
Returns True if the current process is running from a reloader.
Spellcheck function.
Delete a stack.
Create a constant that has the same type as the model s type.
Decrypts the given string using the given Cychops key
Main entry point for the localansi ''odule module.
Get list of users from email marketing provider.
Validate a resource to ensure it s a valid JID.
Returns True if the user is in the context of the course.
Decomposes a kernel into a single kernel and a list of patch templates.
Check if all components in a list are of the same kind.
Returns True if value is not None.
Read one vcard from string and return vcard object.
Register a inclusion tag for the given template.
Change the dlportd4 bitstring to the value of the dlportd4 bit
This is a test for arg_split in Windows32.
Filter a value by str_.
Delete a network interface.
Format the given value to be used in the register. filter function.
Check if a process is running.
Returns the global function for the list of users.
Delete a node by name
Computes and saves a collection summary.
Confirm all alerts in the browser.
Return a filter function for the given value.
Update the quota usage of a resource.
Registers a template tag with the current language.
Create a group for the document editor.
Test input dis cardinal layer.
multmatvect function.
Returns a list of nodes of the given format from the given source to the given destination.
Changes the old MAC address to the new one.
Return a quoted version of a string.
Get the latest status of an episode.
Parse options for object_type - > object_type - > object_type - >
Compile the given source code into a Python code object.
Ensure that the minutes argument is either a string or an int. If the minutes argument is
skip decorator for modules in test_package_back_patching.
Returns a dictionary of config variables.
Checks if the current user is a virtual user. If the user is not a virtual
Return the user info for the given access_key and secret_key
install pyui
Append a slash redirect to the end of a URL.
Finds all the modules in the given folder and loads them into the app. logger module
Clean up a mode value.
Returns True if ip_str contains at least num_ characters and False otherwise.
Return the image name or ID of a VM
Normalize source to be a normalized path.
The main entry point for the vhost manager script.
Returns the config spec for a vie - attach config spec.
Helper function to reset syslog configuration parameters.
Read a record from the specified file handle.
Creates an alert with the specified ident level and message.
Count the number of files in a task.
Return a new limit to be used in the cache.
Returns the value in the range where the value is not less than or equal to the default
Returns the storage class for the profile image
Compute the md5 hash of a file.
Update the source unit index.
Deactivate one or more packages
Performs a demo clustering of the data and prints it to the console.
Upgrade the master to the latest version of Salt.
Get request value by name.
Check if the given id is supported by the master.
Convert an asyncio future to a coroutine future.
Subsector function.
Removes the null logging handler from the root logger.
Prepare the input source for processing.
Normalize a matrix by a non negative matrix.
Register a canonicalize node to the fgraph.
Power on the server.
Create an option for the manager.
Get a list of files.
Gets the current uid of the specified user. If the user is not specified the uid
Assert that the given string is in the current directory.
Marks the repo as deleted by the prompt and deletes the repo.
Handles the Unlink identity test for the given user_id and device_id.
Register function for locale URL.
Builds the upgrade request for the given web_socket_url.
Returns the uid of the current user
Parse a file into a list of strings.
Wrapper around tf. train. feature. int64list to extract int64 features.
test for cons_list and cons_dict
Get the track description.
Create a file named filename and encoding with the given contents.
Check that the vispy modules are up - to - date
Returns a list of error classes for the given exception class.
Return the onemodelinfo object associated with the given nupicmodelid
Create a mask from a sequence of sequences.
Calculate the sum of the values of a list of shapes.
Join a list of parts to a full path.
Splits a list of objects according to the predicate pred. Returns a tuple of objects where
Like test withio. test_with_io except that f is a function that calls
Check that a file exists and is not a file.
Computes the log - pmf of a categorical variable.
Runs a command and returns the stdout and stderr
Return expr as a string using the printer specified by settings.
Creates a URL from a string.
Return a normalized name for a language name.
Partition a sequence into a list of indices.
Context manager for a template context manager.
Convert vni to int.
View the robots. txt page with the content type str_
Get the value of a metric
Quick kananananananan - board whitelist function. Returns a doc object
List all repos
Adds the cookie to the http headers.
Returns the best fitness and the quality of the mime_type and parsed_ranges.
This is a test method that returns a unicode string that can be used to encode an ev
Return a deferred resolver that will resolve host names for the given host.
Decode a list of binary tuples into a list of tuples.
list all the keypairs in the system
Check if the logical line has a key.
Put the item into the cache if the key is a dict and the item is not a
Yields the diffsets with comments for the given review and current pair.
Make a derbitstring from a binstring.
Render the text as Markdown using the conditional statement.
Extract the constant value of x.
Remove a post function from a class.
route for a storageaccount container view.
Returns a tuple of the status code and a list of the URLs the process is running and
Render the value of the price property of the given item.
Test function for make_sphere_model
Get the image volume cache by its ID.
Get the details of a security group.
Registers a simple tag to show the user s name.
Create the cache folder if it doesn t exist.
Uninstall flocker for a list of nodes.
Add the sync methods to the sync class
Return a string representation of the color in equal space.
Get the name of the virtual machine
Render the power of the node.
Scan a site for files and return a tuple of only on output and only on input.
Returns the filename of the given profile file name in the given repository.
Yields a proxy that can be used to connect to urls. py.
Restart a service.
Returns a comma - separated list of indices.
Delete the ID3v1 ID3v2 ID3v1 ID3v2
Return a human - readable string of the given number of bytes.
This function is used to update the local database with a new one. It is intended to
A safe update_last_login signal.
Return a new pattern with the last num_ prefix from pattern.
Check that the build directory does not include the source directory of the specified support.
Adds the given time to the command list.
Returns the profiles string
Pretty - print a list of strings.
Create an xml runner for a given test.
Encodes a np. ndarray into a list of float32 float64 int32 int64
Counts the number of elements between n1 and n2 based on the number of elements
wrapper for processutils. execute
Starts the reactor in a new thread.
Get the serial number
Create an instance of a c_instance.
Return the current access log level of the request.
qualify the dependencies of the given targets.
Get the value of a style attribute
Generate random usernames
Calculate the linearreg angle of a dataset.
Clears the volume from the given path.
Assert that the new integer is equal to the current integer.
Returns the current platform string
Update conn_info with the target map of the connector and lookup_service.
Check that the value of the softmax is a matrix of the same shape as x.
Generate a TOTP code.
Encode a value as a JSON string.
1 - norm of the input.
Unpack a value from a string.
endswith_cr - endswith to end of line
argument parser for a service list command.
Returns True if the provided string is a valid CIDR address.
Loads a pickle file and returns its contents.
Returns the module name of the given module name.
Destroy the block device mapping with the specified ID.
Gets the current performance data for a given counter.
Return a dict of all the available certificates in the specified certificatestore.
Return the string representation of the failure code.
return the auth url if it exists else return the auth url
Interpret the input string as the current user.
Splits an address into parts and domain.
Convert a string to a native Python value.
Get a user by username. Raise an exception if the user does not exist.
Upload the previous PDF to the specified version.
Return True if x is a random number less than num_.
Helper function to format a job instance
Get a point from a path and radius.
Computes the mean correlation between each label and its rank.
Gets the boto version as a string.
Prepare the long_description and rst_description_path before writing.
Handle a file upload.
Injects the field data of the blocks that the user belongs to.
Check that the actual and expected entries are all in the same order.
Get all reservation entries for a certain project.
Yields test targets in a module.
Returns the string associated with the text if it exists otherwise returns the original string.
Returns the negative sign symbol for the given locale.
Compares the current configuration to the one passed in.
This is a decorator for Flask routes.
Register a custom inclusion tag for the Richtext field.
Converts a string to a standardized string.
Return the key expansion for the given keystring.
Returns True if the line is part of a multiline.
Unpack an ASF image from the given data.
Create a string representation of a list of file elements.
Set the signals in the sig_handler_dict.
Wrapper for entity. put_async for multiple entities.
Record a breadcrumb.
Create a Plotly URL for this figure.
Return the age of the log buffer.
Write the content of an XML document to a text file if the document has changed.
Renders the constants file
Make a directory with the parent of dir_name.
Get media tracks.
Return the value of an element node s attributes or the default value if the key is not
Get the interface ip
Split atex string into multiple parts.
Saves the current state of the request.
Try to import a module.
Return the current and previous journal.
rename oldname totmp
Returns True if the installation time is within a gaussian period.
Replace enum names with their values.
Call func on each argument in the expression and then call func on each argument.
Load the command class for the given app and name.
Posts a message to the specified channel. Returns True if successful False if not successful.
Convert a color to a Qcolor using the Qtgui library.
Prints out all the categories in the given parent_category_name or all sub_categories
Get the version of the dataset.
Returns the default return value of a function.
Escape a single byte string.
Given an iterable of option names return the first one that is a string option or None if
Performs the WNS authentication and returns an access_token.
Create a fixture that checks the header of a certain caplog.
Check if two 3x3 matrices are the same.
Assert that each string is a masked value.
Asserts that the given string is in the current directory.
str_validator is a generator function that checks if the input is a terminal or a terminal
Create a default signal map.
Create a time slice for a given epochs.
Returns the dep bestmatch of the given cp
Get the event manager.
A function to take a list of items and convert it into a tuple of num_ items
Helper function for _get_ rvss.
Convert a time to a datetime.
Returns a list of plugin names for the specified package or a list of plugin names for the
Returns a set of the kind of each array in a list of numpy. ndarrays.
Sends a command to the given console and waits for it to finish.
Creates a translation function for a command.
Adds the specified configuration to the p with the specified tools and config.
Return the mean of the class means of the data.
Return True if request user has permission to trigger.
Returns a tuple containing the virtual version of the boolean.
Release the global lock.
Creates a trace policy for the given request.
This is a helper function for testing the arguments of the parse_arguments function.
Print the string representation of the vector x.
Interpret the stepsyslog.
Reload Django URL configuration.
Runs a shell job in the expt_dir.
Get indexes for the given table.
Creates a new translation file if it doesn t exist and prints it.
Return a list of all the macs associated with a given domain.
Set the nipy spectral color map
Parse a mime_type and a list of parsed media ranges and return the fitness and the
Creates a client for working with cloud networks.
Find all theprototypes in the code.
Gets the metrics from the server status url
Adds the current stack trace to the g.
Compute the correlation between two time series in frame1 and frame2.
Returns True if the line is out of definition.
Generate noise from the iir_filter with cov.
Format the output of a stack of outputs.
Convert cell to row and column name.
Runs a test when skip is True.
Writes a new head position to a file.
Get the latest available records for a given resource in a given layout.
Returns the current deployment flavor.
Return the virtual name
Returns the episode identified by the given series name or None if no episode identified by the given
Returns the target of the comment form.
Logs the player into the database if the user is not logged in.
Returns an ExportActionform class for the given formats.
Prepare the info dictionary for the inverse operator.
Checks if the logical line has a key.
Make a query from a filter.
Generates a random job prefix.
Expose the given string as the about page.
Expect the user to be logged in and have the course_key_string defined in the
Returns a gzipfile object if the filename ends with str_ else open a gzipfile object
Match the hostname with the certificate.
return the sitemap for a page.
Create a layer from the viewer config.
Get proxies from os. environ.
Returns the item with the most recent activity.
Assert that the float precision is the same as the precision in the numpy array.
Call install_editor with arguments to install a kom friendly editor.
Check if an index exists in a given directory.
Return the virtual memory cache name.
Pause the animation.
route a text message to a number of methods
Migrates the parameters of the node to new values.
Remove a device.
Returns a generator of the errant logs for the given root node.
Attempts to open the specified pathname with the specified number of characters. If the pathname is
Returns a boolean based on the labels for this class.
Fixes indentation.
Render a genshi template.
Get a benchmarkcluster.
Returns a dictionary of exceptions that are used by the contract function to create the table and index
Ensure that the specified option is present with the specified value
Helper function to create a variable with weight decay.
Compute the gradient sum of x y z.
Runs tests if the current function is the main function.
Send a comment_deleted signal to the user that the comment was deleted.
Normalizes paths in a string.
Test function that normalizes values.
Calculate the md5sum of a file.
Returns True if s is printable and False otherwise.
Check if the user and group are the same
Ensure the link is a social link.
revision_id should be an object instance of revision. document. revision_id should be
Wait until winrm connection is established.
Update the stim text to have the given text
Checks the flow s information.
Open a web browser of the specified file.
Function to remove a value from queue.
Creates a new context entry for the specified sample.
Register a simple tag with the navigation bar hooks.
Returns True if the domain is not in the default_domains list.
Returns the response body for the specified command.
Handle the response format for treeio_login_required for a given contact type.
Returns a set of strings that should be used to check if the user has all of the
Helper function to send an email template.
Returns a list of the running processes.
Find the selected node in the given list of nodes.
Creates a new class attribute with the specified classname in the specified namespace.
Freeze login details.
Implementation of the edmonds_karp_core method.
Returns True if the request s Accept header contains a JSON object with the accept_mim
This function asserts that the string s dtype is in the daophot table.
Set the start and end attributes of the element node to vector3
Sends a single email message.
Remove x from seq if the index of x is the same as i.
Get the current time in the specified format
Read the page header from a file - like object.
Parse a requirements file.
Computes the WCS value for a given key and challenge.
Get the normal vector of a path.
Normalizes the given timestamp.
Gets all volume types in a group.
Returns the write index string for the specified index group.
Set the cache directory.
Check if a file exists and if not raise a valueerror.
Submits a new email to the bulk_course_email field.
norm angle a - > = num_
Returns the size of the image at the given location.
A helper function for writing with a fallback.
Set or update the rating in the queue.
Reloads the specified syslog - ng state.
A test for register_filter that raises a valueerror if the register_filter is not
Converts a reverse domain name to an IPv4 or IPv6 address.
Compute the CSM of a tensor whose values are the ones - like of the data.
Check that the physical_line is not a Vi header.
Returns a list of lines with an dedented str_ at the end of each line.
Generates a random string of given length from a set of chars.
Splits a cookie into a name and text.
Returns the indentation level of the line.
Calculate the obv of the two time series
Expands the load balancer object into a dict.
Check if the checksum of the file is the same as the checksum of the file.
Strip the newsgrouping from a string.
Converts an RGB tuple to a HSV tuple.
Get the version of the Rock Ridge Lite process.
Convert a string to a numpy array.
Sample a set of ROIs from the training image.
Create a Data Collection from HTTP POST data.
Returns the full name of a module or package.
Ensure that the named LV is absent
Returns a HttpResponse containing the html code to cancel the checkout.
Start keeping the warnings. warn function.
Yields records of a given file handle.
Return True if major_version == minor_version and minor_version < = num_
Calculate the MD5 hash of a given file.
Check if the entry is a valid hidden service address.
Create a twitter notification service.
Run a set of tests and return a tuple of the result summary and a boolean indicating whether
Get the instance metadata
Try to match a pattern in the headers of the request
Returns the text of the contents of the given file with the given text.
Disable the named service. Returns True if the service was already disabled False otherwise.
Return the start and end positions of the strokeradius element.
SYSTEM INFORMATION TYPE 8 Section 9. 2. 1
Returns a normalized version of a given string.
Returns a list of parameters from a list of layers.
Compare pkg1 and pkg2 if pkg1 is newer than pkg2
Creates a new agent.
If count is less than or equal to the number of items in iterable return a new list
Split a path into two parts.
This function randomizes a correlation matrix between num_ and num_ where the correlation matrix is
Check if the given attribute is in the model or in the reserved word list.
Save a certificate
Function to squeeze a 2x2 matrix into a single matrix.
Update the endrec of a 64 - bit zip file.
Create a top level widget.
Save all the global repository in the global repository
Create a shell function for click. command.
Check if all files in a list are in the same directory.
Round a number to an int.
Wait until the specified jid is in the running state.
return the content and content view mode for a given set of items. If the content is
Returns the absolute path to the config. h file.
Add a like object to the project.
Register a inclusion tag for a function that takes one and two arguments as keyword arguments and returns
Loads a single cron.
Copy SSL options from src to dest.
Update an object.
Function run when a test function is run by test_api1.
Return True if f == c and False otherwise.
Get a list of all launch configurations.
Returns the zone associated with the device.
Normalizes the form s cleaned_data attribute to have the value of the given list of
Check if a field is conservative.
Match the name of a filesystem option based on its type and dev.
Handles the home view of the community.
Returns an identifier method for the given key.
Generate a random genome.
Returns the path to the profiler log file.
Upload a file to S3.
Returns a string that can be used as a virtual variable
Return the antidivync count of a number.
Exchanges the code from the step 1 of the OAuth 2 webserver flow.
Make a random pmf between low and high values.
Update the DNS records for an ELB in the specified zone.
Return the translation of the given plural rule.
Run the setup module.
Builds a clic network for the linear layer network.
Return the number of metastrings in a string.
Helper function for _localectl_set
Return a list of the cluster names
Returns the full file name for the given job.
Sets the given pipe as non blocking.
Create the start scripts for the script.
Create a server listen to the given description using the given factory.
Converts a datetime to UTC.
Wait for the number of db_nodes to be ready for quorum.
Tries to decode the given byte string.
Set obj in the memory cache with key. If lock is False then delete the lock.
Normalize text.
Returns a class that can be used to override the default Signupform class.
Select the correct regex for the given request or env.
Restart a container.
Get the base path of a URL.
Append a host to a pool if the host is not already in the pool.
Create a flow for the given action.
Parses the given string and returns the result.
Returns True if the console window is attached to the window handle.
Returns the default namespace.
Get a list of mac addresses from a wollist
Return the lowstate of the minion
Recursively get the value of a node.
Create a new user with the given name email and password.
Check if a git repository has conflicts.
Returns True if str_ is a valid xpath in the label otherwise False.
Returns a dict of properties that are promoted to a given value.
Convert an array a into the i - > k projections of the matrix a.
Check if the element is bound.
Render a view to a string.
Bump the cache for a product.
Create a mock key provider from a list of key strings.
Map library datasets to lddas.
Return the systemd version
Copy lines from one journal file to another.
Run tests using the test runner.
Warn about missing microversion header.
Calculates the median of num_ values between name_ and num_. Returns a
Create a raster from a file.
Get the fixed IP for a network host.
Parses a propertylist from a string.
Sets up the canned roles for this class based on the given roles and methods.
Decode a base64 string.
Computes the sigma estimate of KpSS.
Consume from a queue until the queue is empty.
Return the number of items in an iterable.
Read a magic header from a file - like object.
Returns meta and meta base for plugin and version.
Returns a string representation of the version number.
Test stratified validation k - fold.
Save the uploaded data to a file.
Get the message models of the most recent message in a thread in the exp_id.
Return the mapper of the entity or None if the entity is not mapper.
Returns a human - readable string of the given size.
Gets the clipboard content.
Sort a list of allowed values by protocol.
Returns the name of the current resource in the current service.
Create subtasks from a list of tasks.
Check if the flag is in the approved list.
Singleledispatch that asserts that the block is not HTML.
Attempt to parse a timestamp from a float or datetime object.
Convert text into a dict.
Get a blob from the storage container.
Parse a quoted string.
receiver for the item deleted signal.
Remove the specified device from the system.
Get the domain of the workgroup the computer belongs to.
softmax a matrix to a target matrix.
Delete a sysv service
Returns the sentiment of the given text.
Return the status of the database
Function to compute the variance of a 2D array x from a 2D array b c
Sample the current memory.
Apply func with random selector.
Returns the hashprocessor object associated with the specified algorithm.
Default feedback URL.
Return True if the ellipsis_marker in want matches the got of got.
Returns the URL for the local resource at the given URI.
Generate HTML report.
Internal function to remove a bridge
Returns a string with the first num_ characters and the rest of the string.
Converts a bytearray to a binary string.
Write a string to a file.
Computes the trace of a number
Helper function to find the file metadata for a bucket.
Get the version info from the ZMQ server.
Clean a dict of HTTP header values.
Return the last argument of a function call if the result is zero or the last argument of
Redirects a URL to an internal or external URL.
Replace str_ with str_.
Build the pillar data in YAML format.
Pretty print a tensor.
Find an unused port.
Returns the view content for a given file.
helper function to define plugin entries for a list of groups
Decorator to register a new fczmdriver class.
Ensure the default value for the security group is returned.
Sets the given file to non blocking mode.
Check if the customer can use the cache for products and shopproducts.
Clear and update rcparams with the default value.
tests for float32 pool c01b and pool_c01b float32 float32
Evaluate if the xmlelement should be reverse.
Set the cr_uid property for the given method.
Return the current cluster position.
Escape a string.
This is a test for the completion view. It is a test for the completion view to
Main CLI entry point.
Get the signature from the provided data.
Get the path of a device relative to the root of the system.
Run the osf - apiserver task.
Makes an environment key out of a string.
Checks if the contentexperiments are enabled for this course.
Wait for an event to be read.
Update a file using the given finder.
Writes a named matrix of the specified kind to a file - like object.
ments for Python 3. 7. 1. 7. same as Python 2. 7.
Register str_ with inject_commands
Convert string value to int or unicode.
Run a test for the given SDK and test_path.
Creates a usage key from a string and fill in the run field in the usage key.
Get thetex live output of a variable in a subprocesstimeout thread.
If the key is missing in context test it with a valueerror.
Handle the response format for treeio_login_required.
Enable a server
Parse a template from a text file.
Find the set of characters that are required to cover the given block range.
This signal is called when a reply is published.
Download the specified version from a URL and return its absolute path.
Configures the changes in the module.
A context manager to change the current working directory.
Gets the collection or one - s depending on the activity type.
Check if a string is a member of a string.
Adds a sphere to an element node.
Context manager that sets the current user to the given user.
minolta to float
A test function that copies the yield value of the given function.
Sets up the plugin module.
Returns a dictionary of the latest version of the given names.
Returns True if the given value is a valid IPv4 or IPv6 address.
Returns True if the datastore has the primed key False otherwise.
Returns a list of all the profiler extensions in the nova_api that are not in the
make sure it s a string type
Get a node from the netbios adapter.
Check if the value is an extension type.
This test module scope is updated on patch.
Performs a two - dimensional fit_sample of the two sets of points in x and
mytakestep2 random variates.
Returns a tuple of integers and a string representation of the value.
Returns a new form for the given list of field names.
Runs the OSF test.
Get the credential name.
Save a state object to the database.
Set the hostname for the minion
Calculates the meta class for the winning class for a given set of bases.
Print the contents of a file using the given finder.
Handle a SIGusr1 signal.
Perform a JSON RPC request and return the response.
Raise an exception if the specified context is not available.
Ensure that arr is a float - 1 array.
Normalize the arguments of a sequence.
Sample from an instance hard threshold using an instance hard threshold with random_state = idx_
Wrap the given socket with ssl. wrap_socket.
Returns True if the google - api is available for the given urls.
Validate a boolean cumulative function with the specified skipna.
Calls str_ str_ str_ str_ str_ str_ str_ str_
Return a copy of f with the maximum value of k.
Update the configuration of a job.
Computes the square norm of a vector.
Remove a key from the Riak server
Run after each scenario.
Encode a hex string to a base32 encoded string.
Helper function to return the success message of a rating.
Convert unicode and str to str and strip special chars.
Get the current whitelist in the stock ledger
Send an event publish email.
global variable to be used before the new template
Returns True if the torrent_dir is different from the current directory.
Return a list of simplified pairs of terms.
Add component menu
Read a motif record.
Computes the inference network.
Get tricomplex times other than firsttricomplex
test for get_filter
This is a test function that writes a string with no bookend.
Register the comment admin URLname for the given action.
Convert kwargs to a parent and node.
Handles the response format for treeio loginrequired.
Reset worker optimizations.
Encodes the payload using the old Kafka hash function.
Read pillar data from url and return the pillar data
Create a new virtualenv.
Get the config from the ini file.
Print the configuration of the lixian command line
Returns the given format_type in the settings or a specific language if lang is none.
route function for the digest auth app.
Return True if hook_file is a valid hook.
Add labels to a host.
p4 describe returns a list of strings.
Print the given string to the console.
Runs a shell command with the given options.
Return the identity of x.
Generic function for zstat_generic2.
Get the error message from the library.
Log an error.
Check if the user is a member of a group. If the user is not a member
core helper function for license options
Check if the program is running in debug mode.
Returns initial document values.
Return a list of the currently running jobs
Reverse the loop.
Return the sorted list of markers based on the matches.
Get a list of all policy names in a group.
Counts the number of strings in a sequence.
Returns VM boot spec.
Ensure path is relative.
Assert that the step can start with a multiline.
Open a window in an existing file - like object.
Returns the remote call remote for the connected remote call.
Builds a new ssh element for the given data.
Computes the projections of each str in params that are between 0 and 1.
Generate a signed JWT
Defines a function to error when an object is mismatched.
Get the weighted normal weighted cross - product between two points.
Return the name of the local zone
Set the value of a set of booleans
Use web. get instead of command.
Decorator to expose the API for anonymous functions.
A wrapper function for the flake8 extension check_oslo_i18n function
Calls the state s get_form method with a regex matching the regular expression in the
Returns a dict of the names of the enabled servicesowners.
Delete content for a namespace.
Returns a slug version of the given value.
This is a test function that join s with num_.
Create a new resource.
Returns True if the value is a safe type and False otherwise.
Refreshes the repository of the specified module.
Set audio channel.
Get statistics from a cluster
Return a string with the info of an object.
Fetch a key from the cache.
Return a list of all pages to show.
Checks the db.
Download an egg from the distutils.
Returns True if the passed mac is valid False otherwise.
Given a container and a list of names return the folder to which the names belong.
Chops off the left or right part of a sequence.
recover all the workers in the load balancer
Shift f by n times k. Return f if f is not f else return f +
Computes the number of examples and their associated deviations.
Test that a randomforest classifier is passed in.
t = current. t3. t3. t3. scripts t = current.
Test if the union is valid.
Handle the response format for treeio_login_required.
Return True if at least one element in sequence is True.
test import vispy_gloo
Returns a Genericinlineformset for the given kwargs.
Convert a string of bytes to long.
Send notification of a new string from a translation
Return a string representation of the page number in the g. content or the page number if
Generates a list of num_ anchors with the same size but with the same scales.
Call an arbitrary method.
Return a list of tests for this setup. py.
Update an course enrollment.
Install one or more packages.
_task function that runs the task.
Assert that virtualenv_version is equal to str
Return a list of bcs ordered by frequency.
Subscribes a user to a creator.
Check for duplicates in s3. prep.
Return a dictionary of channel indices by type.
A example of a build_forest function.
Check if a service is systemv.
Generate a shutdown route for the given string.
Get the currency name for a currency
Return True if the category is a unit
Serializes a remote exception.
Make a bad request.
Sends an email to the unclaimed user.
Check if the user already exists.
Generate the doc string for a return object.
Initialize a Hilmodule.
Get the lower and upper bounds for a slice.
Gets the http client authorization information from a given spec.
Create an instance of model_exog from an array of arrays.
old_passwd = password
Uninstalls the session from the patch cache.
skip a file with multiple reads
Function that adds links to the current thread s share.
Convert an int to a base36 string.
Builds a list of criterion operations for a given list of campaigns.
Return a list of all locale strings that are valid for set_locales.
Compute a fixed - length interpolation solution for a model at a given time t0 and k
Create a folder structure.
Check if a URL has been registered for a specific trigger.
Create a new database collection.
Get a random list of api servers.
Run the command line interface.
Return True if the user can view the reports in the project.
Turn obj into a list.
Returns a new collator instance with the same numeric and case -sensitive as the current coll
Find an adapter for an object in the registry.
Recursively extracts all the values of a given key in a dictionary.
Deletes a file.
Raises assertionerror if a! = b.
quantiles of the input data.
control_command is used to control the rate limit of a task.
Encodes data from in_file to out_file.
Calculate the Interquartile score of an array.
Make a aware datetime. datetime instance using the specified timezone.
Disable profiling for a given service signal and frame.
Return the s3 authorstamp for the current user.
Decode text if the incoming is a unicode string. If the incoming is not a unicode string
return the full path to the executable if it exists otherwise return the full path to the executable
Convert a list of strings to a multi - type representation.
Make a multi - indicator array.
Gets the title info from the title. txt file.
Decorator that checks that a user has a certain permission.
Registers an event before the function is called.
Translate an array of values by a given offset.
Create a tenant
Context manager to collect profiling information.
Print the resource associated with aaremetal node.
Convert an object to a reference
Mmassage the stats to a JSON object.
Convert a JSON string to a byte string.
Return a list of gitignore templates.
Return a list of disabled services.
Returns the HMAC - SHA1 hash of the path.
Reads images from disk and returns them as a tuple.
Uninstall one or several packages from a list of installed packages.
Decodes the given bitstring and returns the value and flags.
Computes the intersection of two sets ind1 and ind2. ind1 and ind
Check if the username and password match.
Get the details of a security group.
Testpreprocessor expression.
Get the docstring of the query string.
Returns the little endian unlong given the file - like object.
Run a script in the current working directory.
Compress a list of data.
Resolve a property name to a value within the style map.
Invert a tree.
Returns the wrapped float value of floatvalue if the floatvalue is less than or equal to
Waits until a write from a file descriptor is available.
Yields a list of user data from kstone
Returns the name of the given signal.
Get thesegmented text from the given text. If the text is not in the repository
Update the data dictionary with the current status of the item.
return new position and latitude and longitude for GPS
Returns the subclass of _ext_comm_subtypes_map.
This is a test forlex mmyBang.
Returns a global context for a given menu item.
Blink a clip by d_on and d_off.
Register a srflood command.
Format the except section of the except section of the log message.
Return the name of the cover page for a given version of a container.
Interprets the given marker and returns the result.
Get a cache subnet group by name.
Parse a docstring into a dict of options and a list of style options.
Main function.
Assert that the newgrid is the same as the oldgrid.
Check the result of assert_result.
Yields a list of filesystem objects and a list of glob objects for each task.
Event hook.
root mean square error
Returns a dictionary of environment variables that will be sent to the client.
Remove boot volume from server
Adds a title to the list of tracks.
Calls the geocoding hook.
Returns the networkid or False if the networkid is not set
Yields all integration targets in the given path.
Converts a hex number to a binary number
Load the dev_key from the config.
Asserts that an object isfollows unicode guidelines.
Yield a series of slice tuples for a given number of data points.
Return True if the line matches a regular expression.
Function used to create a new task for the user to resize the video.
Converts phone number to numeric
Return a list of num_
Return the indices of the duplicates of the given fields.
Return a list of interfaces that are up
Runs the application down in the current user s home directory.
Returns the anonymous id for the given user.
Verify all modules are in the correct order.
Return True if callback is an API view.
Return a function that creates a cache of all of the functions used by this class.
Check if a sheet exists.
Lower a constant value.
Return a list of users for the specified profile
Loads the calibration configuration from a YAML file.
connectnettoms Section 9. 2. 7
Recursively construct the path from current to initial_state.
Force a refresh of the facts_refresh configuration
Return info about the specified group name. If the group name doesn t exist or if the
Return a list of records of the text in row_list. If add_header is
Fits a randomundersampler and sample with indices.
Handle the response format for treeio_login_required.
Ensure a service is absent
Perform a person search in s3.
Download application statistics.
main pynet_rtr1 module.
Aborts the given list of messages and exits
Remove a user from a group.
Returns the testlist of the current module.
Returns a JSON view of the authenticated user s property and its value.
Return True if group has group snapshot False otherwise.
This is a helper function that converts a request parameter to an lxml etree. etree. Element
Convert an array into a dask. array.
Convert a size of bytes to a string
Open a local file or URL.
Returns True if the given object is not empty.
\ Raises a warning if the year is not a string and the field is not a
Checks if a user with the specified name exists on the specified host.
Euclidean distance between two vectors.
p_expr_list_2 - Gets the list of elements after the expression of t
equivalence function for manager and list_ where manager is a manager and list_ is a
Resolve a DNS name.
Make a call to Talib with medprice.
Log error with given reason and message.
Logarithm of the value of x.
Generates a MIME message from the response data.
Delete an existing pool member
Dumps a test dump stop level.
Convert a module to a string if module is a string.
hydrates a sources field.
Add a request suffix to a string.
Make a CDF of a PMF using its label.
Remove slash and escape characters from a string.
lambda sum l reduce the value of x by the largest k - th element of x.
Reads the contents of the file at the given path.
Creates a context manager that replaces URL patterns in the given context.
Enable syslog on the specified server.
Deletes all the files associated with this class.
Sends the campaign to the S3rest controller.
devicerecord from a record - like object
Return a subreddit from a list of things where the sr_id is a string.
Get the media service discover event manager.
receiver for course published signal.
Returns an iterator over the lines from the transport that are in the sequence gen.
Returns a list of updated passwd values for a set of attributes or where values.
Register a template tag.
Adds the given module attribute to the ip module if it is not present.
Extract the description from the object s docstring.
Store the user s friends in the database.
Returns an empty cupy. ndarray with the same shape and type as the input array.
Raise an exception if the specified resource is not enabled.
Runs pip to install as an egg
Helper function to send a command to a load balancer
Converts a multipart request body to a multipart form.
mock an EC2 test for a particularigw_desribe_bad_id
Returns the magnitude of x.
Leaves the transaction management error for the specified thread.
Concatenates a list of tensor_list along axis.
norm of x along axis p = num_. If p == num_ and axis is
Unpack a simple boolean from the file - like object fid.
Escape a string.
Computes the tolux of a time series.
provide a callback for a specific resource type
Returns True if the user has the permission for some org otherwise False.
p_specifier_qualifier_list_3 - > p_specifier_qual
Convert a string in a nested dict to a string.
Add or update the options in the options.
Assert that the montage_fname has the expected position.
Save the given state to a pickle file.
Gets a list of volume objects for a specific generic group.
Find the unit pattern for a given unit ID in a locale.
Copies in_files to out_files.
Expands typestr string into a list of strings.
Try to find the string in the user s home directory.
Set or update a role record in the S3 database.
application information packet.
Make sure this module is virtual
Test that two images have the same mask.
Allows the user to register a new public key server via JSONp.
M masksensitivedata.
Make a web call to the configured cloud provider.
Evaluate a shell command.
Returns a list of filepaths in the specified directory.
Convert a upper and lower bounds array to lower bounds.
Generate a TOTP password code.
Save a data structure to a file.
Update the hash of the invalidations file with the given suffix.
Add a representer to a data type.
Patch object with a deprecation warning.
A decorator that converts a function into a tasklet.
The entry point for the setup. py script.
Create a Flask application with the given configuration.
Redirect to a URL with the same domain as the request.
Connect to an machinelearning layer1 API.
Draws a color scheme to the display in interactive mode.
Get a dictionary of all the sites for the given app name.
Yields headers from the given environ.
Process the work item from the call_queue and put it in the result_queue.
Helper function to convert an etree element to a topic.
sync action
log an error and append it to the list of saved errors
Returns True if the given item is in the course tree.
Checks that the fscale is a string or a string. Raises a valueerror
Recursively iterate the second term.
Renders the html for a directorybrowser
Get the default encoder for an input encoding.
Show the main window.
Adds the posatives of the objects at the given paths.
Copies all the files from the config to their destination location.
Get the connection URL for the XRD server.
Resets the profile to the default value
Returns a string with num_ and string_ after the first and last elements of the header
Return True if addr is a valid IPv6 address.
Set the clim instance to a specified value.
Returns a list of all related models that belong to a given model.
Create a verifier for the given signature using the ecdsa hash method and public key.
Returns the global date formatted as a string.
Loads a module from a file.
Gets the configuration of the org site sstaff field.
A safe version of os. kill that doesn t catch any exceptions and returns a boolean value
Get theprog of the codetbl in the database
Switch the host of the current host with the specified param_name.
Update the rootorganisation for the current user. If root_organisation_id is
Returns a list of the nodes in the system.
Initialize the web engine or settings according to the specified backend.
Perform cleanup of the image and text files.
Recursively handle elements of a Pauli algebraic operator.
Return the number of keys in the db
Remove the specified ASAM platform.
Encode a timestamp data that doesn t include the object hash and the internal hash of the object
Parse the iscsiname line.
View the roots of a node.
get the instance of a method object if py2 is available return the method object itself else
Delete a named service
Return True if e is an ssl. error.
Register an optimizer function to run on all GPUs.
Check if the user is logged in.
Gets the name of the day of the week.
Get change summary between two models.
Entry point for the setup script.
Returns a list of the files in the local file service.
Get the locale preferences for the current user.
Calculate the linear gradient between start and end.
Return the boundaries of x.
Load the configuration for a given language.
Return True if the module is virtual False if the module is not virtual
idzp - id of a matrix.
Register a simple tag to render a bootstrap form.
Adds sources to a list of paths.
Get session id
Returns True if the user is the prereg_admin.
Update the server info file in a repo.
Initialize the gashelimodule.
The main entry point for the script.
Gets a list of volume objects for a given group.
Freeze a state.
Escape a string for it to be safe to use in an entity.
Runs a test that checks if the user is a member of the group.
Get the console output of a server.
Generate a histogram of the quals in a gzip or text file.
Generate a random uuid.
List the contents of a queue
Prints a title and resource_list to the console.
Generate a JWT that will be signed by app_identity.
Returns the full path to the config file for a given atom.
Performing the covariance M step on tied values.
Delete a consistency group.
Decrypts the given keyfile with the given credentials.
Splits the docstring into code and text blocks.
Find all the actions in a namespace that start with action_prefix.
try to get the first element of a list except indexerror
Get a freesms notification service.
Move a file to a different location.
Draws a line with the given colors.
Gets the rank index of the screen.
Check if a content pack directory exists remove it if it exists.
Blend two channels hard - light into bottom_chan and top_chan.
Split a mtree into components.
core. helper function to get the display timezone
Helper function to convert the volume attach status to the corresponding EC2 attach status.
Load extra data.
Add a callback to be applied when the result or the number is greater than num_.
Determine if a variable is set by a CLI flag.
Loads the cifar10 dataset.
Test an OSS dataset with wrong object.
Create a new figure manager and show it.
Returns a URL for the given path.
Sets up the django apps.
Creates a function that will set the name of the function to be used as a keyword in
Handle the default response format for treeio_login_required and treeio_login_
Returns a Query instance for the given class.
Computes softmax between two matrices.
Replaceampers and fixers in a string.
Returns a linearsegmented colormap.
Run a command and return the exit code and the output.
Change the Ls in the table.
Checks if the LUN ID is available on host.
Get a list of jobs.
Helper function to retrieve a value from the config
16 - bit Fletcher - 16 checksum
Recursively merge a collection of input CNFs into a single CNF.
Compress a course to a tar file
Returns the lower str_ shard of a word if the word has less than or equal to
Extract the capabilities from a string.
Expect the array to have a certain number of dimensions.
Remove all identity values from an object.
Get a list of the page ids that have been changed for a user on a site.
Returns the number of modules in the current stacklevel after the import hook.
Delete an alert in the deployment specified by alert_id or if alert_id is none
Set the DNSmasq i. e. flag if it is set and not set.
Build and return a client for a loopback control entity.
if Vox2ras_tkr is an RAS or TKR return
Get the normals for a given interpolation offset and offset in the specified direction.
Notifies the user of a list of members that have been removed from a list of members
Log the update_ credit_course_requirements task for the given course_key.
View the screenshot of the user that the request is a member of.
Helper function to format attachments.
Check whether the given C paste code is correct.
A helper function that sets the context of the current page.
Return True if value is a number.
Get the short version of Python.
Find the index of a string that contains a Vowel character. Returns the number of
Returns the value of input as a constant expression.
Computes the sinesubtraction
View people.
Render an alert.
Returns the number of CSP features provided by the CSP response.
If none is passed as the first argument the function will be called. Otherwise the function will
Add patch information to the source spaces.
Gets the path to the BEL executed file of the BEL script.
Return the hostname of the server if it exists otherwise None.
Re - encrypts the provided ciphertext_blob using the provided source_encryption_context and
Checks that theori is a string and if not raises runtimeerror.
Runs a command and returns the output of the command s output.
Computes expanded data doublefc network.
Runs the default test module.
Returns a dictionary of the number of jobs that have been updated since the given date.
Collect all bears from a set of sections.
Return the length of the header in bytearray.
Returns the response cell name from a routing path.
Remove users from an ACL group.
Test Relu function.
Returns the trace entry for the line gj at index p_i. Returns none if
Add a global variable to the builder or module.
Calculates the equation and returns the result.
Changes the amount of memory used by Xen
Register a string as the inclusion tag for a Jinja2 context.
Test that num_ * u. rad == u. rad
Get the current value of the equalizer.
Delete the metadata associated with a snapshot.
Remove tags from a trail.
Parses the user line
Run the CLI.
Get a badge from the given badge_template or create it if it doesn t exist.
Log an attribute of an object.
Strip the CRuft from the HTML string.
Convert a fixture to a list of tables.
Set the current user of the current thread.
This function indents the output with the specified indent level.
Test the format of the table.
Return True if sr is visible in subreddit.
Runs the bare WSGI application.
This is the auth. route function. It will redirect to the login page if the user
Check if the file exists and exit.
Return a span around the current request s date represent.
Import a user namespace and update the user namespace with its default values.
Return a list of all the source and extension suffixes.
Try to get a string from a device. If the index is different than the number of
Make a new unique id
Returns True if the name is a valid bucket name.
Converts a string to Mark -safe format.
Runs items that have changed since the last call to _run_changed.
Returns a list of line numbers for each file in the diffstr.
Writes a debug message to a file.
Returns the vendor name from thepci id.
Plot the montage in the test case.
Return the path to the resource file with the given name.
Returns a list of random elements from the given iterable.
B browse other branch
Shorten a name to max_length
Return a permutation group of n num_.
Adds a set of filters to the state.
Get the current user.
This function makes sure that the python package exists in the virtualenv.
mock a function that calls the os. fixture function on the given path.
Stop a running job.
Remove the evaluator s arguments from the nextevaluator s value.
Gets the access token for the provided authorization code.
Make sure the specified server is managed
A with - contextmanager that change the value of an object s field in - place.
Get the default threadable predictors.
Adds a new term to the end of the source line.
Helper function to toggle labels in params.
Update course updates
Remove any symlinks in the given directory.
Update d with v if k is present in other raise exception if v is not present.
Returns a tuple of the boolean and the name of the module.
Returns True if the h is the hash used by the builder.
Returns a string with the full information of the installed gdal package.
synonym for the given text.
Wait until the element with the given css selector ispresent.
Check nearest neighbors with nearmiss method.
mock an oc command
Attach total points to a queryset.
Return the next token from source except the specified token. Raise syntaxerror if the token
Returns a list of all the groups that a user is a member of
Check if the token is a string or not.
Wrapper function for os. dispatch
Return a list of the existing networks in the configuration.
Get the package version from the results.
Return the value of an option if it exists else None.
Apply a function to each element of a list and return the result as a numpy array.
Synchronously apply a callback function to the given function.
Parse a tree from a file.
Compare two sccs strings
Return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary.
Delete a console.
Returns the absolute path to the configuration file where the configuration file is located.
Return a blockmatrix corresponding to the given expression with the given row and column bounds.
Validates that the value is one of the choices of the option with the given name and
Context manager to change the current working directory to dirname.
distill the naming defaults in a dictionary
Clean the given URL.
Encode a list of strings into a stream.
List all references to a remote host.
Run a test proxy get request.
Returns the master status of the remote minion
Update the mime_map of all HTML elements in a container.
get module with directorypath and filename
Build a p4_build command and raise an error if it fails.
This is a helper function for checking if a string is missing in the given folder.
Create a load - balancer
Returns True if the URL is from the given spider.
Escape the text by stripping the seps from the text.
Checks if the target_string matches the source_string but not the target_string
Saves the password in the keyring
Get a repository by name and owner.
Return the indices of the deg values of a certain order.
Get the information associated with a jid
Return True if the format is a memoryview format.
Return u if u else raise multivariatepol choiceerror.
Read a version and number of entries from a file - like object stream.
Encode a message.
Returns the number of test processes in the current environment.
Generic function to inspect an object.
Parse the id from a string.
Sets up the main dataframe with the data from the csv file.
Split a string into multiple sub - strings.
Return the value of the keyword argument.
Asserts that a namespace is arping from one IP address to another.
Return a list of all VMs.
Function to time the opening workbook optimised version of an Excel spreadsheet.
Prepares text to be used as a table of labels and the number of rows of each
Create the translation project if it doesn t exist.
Get the DNS host for a network.
Adds a boolean_ from django. db. connection. queries to the context_extras
Return a list of random objects.
Returns a string context based on the line number of template lines and a marker.
Runs a test function that deletes templates from the database.
Adds the given string to the command list.
Helper function to solve a function f with the specified symbol.
Create GPG object.
This is a test function that unregisters the console_scripts in the test package with
Extract text from a text file.
Sort a list of schedules according to the current time.
Returns the name of the function that requires the segment info.
Helper function to return the value of the attribute
Check if a string is a short syllable.
Read the values of a key.
Generates an auth response from a list of chall objects
Memoizes a selection model.
Generate a test failure XML.
Applies the operation of the given codon.
Returns a list of dictionaries of formatted error strings for a given list of errors.
Create a directory if needed.
Gets the available update plugins and returns the ones that are available if no plugins are available
Get the programs data for a given user.
Convert a v4 integer to a packed value.
Return a human - readable name for a process.
Call this function to acquire the global lock.
Convert object name to class name.
Returns a client for the specified version of the identity_client.
Computes the softplus of z.
mix command method.
Perform webrootcheck on a given path.
Return the line size to use for the input fp type.
Check the authentication of the named socket.
Return the neweye Wind - Wind - covariance matrix for the given resid and
Check if a process exists.
Check if the current process is the main process.
Check if an attribute is protected.
Called when a training event is received. Returns the training event record if the training event was
Gets the per callwidth of an element node
Process an image file.
Update the cronjobs for the given date. If date is none then the current date is
Encode a string with the given encoding. If s is a unicode string encode it with the
Publish a live action request and its execution to the log.
Apply a service to the restore service.
Add a media to a media list.
Get the content type of a message.
Get a list of collection summaries matching the given IDs.
Create an internet gateway.
Get the command string from a given state.
flush the first n rows of the profiling profile to the database.
Returns the directory where the i th file is located.
This function handles the default response format for treeio_login_required.
Compress the mergeback of the last token into a new token.
Get the audit log directory
Writes a volume group file.
Evaluates the value of a given function f for a given p and k.
Set the value of the flag and the value of the file descriptor to the value of the
Register a category on the pycom server.
parameter - list - of - one item to be passed to p_parameter_list_2
Return the list of all the descriptions of the extension.
Return line and offset of cell before the cursor.
Retrieve the load for a given jid
record the HTTP status of the current request and fire the record.
Creates an instance of simple wiki with the database URI as environment variable.
Converts a space - separated string to a lowercase version of the string.
Run the flake task.
Remove one or more packages from the system
Returns a valid post signature.
Returns the configdir if it exists otherwise creates it.
Return thehamming distance between two strings
Return a URL from scheme host port user password path and query.
Check if the email address is valid and if not raise an invalid email error.
Helper function to validate a dictionary of values and values for a specific item type.
Returns the credentials for the given provider
Check that the first line is in filename and that it is not in check_calls.
Deduce the default format of the rule.
Returns the preferred IP address for the vm
Get the output of a command.
Capture stdout and stderr from the given logger.
Filter syntax with pygments. html. formatter. htmlformatter.
Upgrade a virtualenv to the latest version of pip
Return the number of real roots of a duplicate field.
Returns the set of results that are present in the dest_dir.
Discovers the given URI.
Interpolate between num_ and num_.
Converts wordnet tag to wordnet tag.
test_pprint_py3 for str
Derivative of the Rogeisen function.
Render a template to a response. Returns the response if the template exists.
Return the source code for the given node.
Get the title of a media player.
Reads excel file and writes it to the Excel database.
Group releases by version.
Spawns a coroutine.
Convert CFSet to python set.
Returns a dictionary with the user and message for the given request.
Returns the key_func if key_func is a function or import_string if key
Picks the context manager writer to add a security group.
A filter function that converts a value into a textual string.
Returns a list of bootstrap modules
Returns a list of suggestions for the given path.
Returns a resource file of type_ + ext in package
Return True if text is valid False otherwise.
Runs the VCS install command.
Evaluate a location in a module.
This function is used to toggle the querystring of a page.
Gets all groups for a container in the inventory
Make sure that the disk cache is only used when the number of cache entries is greater than
Deletes the specified SSH key from the specified user.
Convert a string to a str.
Ping the listener and raise an exception if the connection is lost.
Create a video capture from an integer.
Takes a string and converts it to a int and returns it as a bytearray.
Clear the nolint suppvals.
Loads the bitmap from a file.
Fit an OSS object to a set of data.
Emit a test completion view with the given parameters.
Return the articles dictionaries for a specific language.
Installs motd dependencies.
Check if a function accepts a keyword argument.
Return the value of _shell or None if the value of _shell is not a boolean
Generate a model class for the given root_class.
Convert a cls to a classmethod.
Validate that the course_id is a valid course id
Updates the locale html for the given testfield.
Reload a module from the current working directory.
Check that the cosmo is all zeroing.
Posts a message to the vim terminal.
Convert a normal factor to a normal factor and expand it.
Get n random floats from a file.
Return a list of the default mappings.
Parse a range header value into a list of ranges.
Runs the specified tarball in the current directory.
Check to see if the named service is enabled
Gets a copy of the current repository and creates a new one
Set queue priority
Store the results_dirpath in the results_dirpath in a tar. gz file
Decode a string to a modified UTF - 7 string.
Setup the test DB.
Create a documentlistacl entry from a string.
Helper function for _get_server_id.
Apply a context policy
Returns the default context for the view.
Test for transformerror in wcs. wcs when fix = True.
test_date_labels. pyquery test_date_labels. pyquery test_
Returns a list of user messages.
Set the offset of a segment by multiplier.
Returns the label of the sentiment.
Create a Wsgiserver instance.
Takes a list of strings and returns a title from the columns
Decorator that adds a deprecation warning to the decorated function.
Make sure that the output of the config commands are up to num_
Return a list of the names of all running commands.
route for topics view
Convert a URL to a clean string.
Decodes the received_bitvec according to its structure.
Imports a tablib book into the database.
Create all of numsemblies with the same order.
Computes the horizontal path between two horizontal points.
Create a new task info
This is a test for a json_view. error method.
Get email addresses for a group.
Sets the fake_execute_set_repl hparams.
Remove stack trace and simplify warnings and simplify the output.
Create a rectangle of given width and height.
Get the default verify paths.
Reads the long description from the long_description. txt file in the same directory as
Constructs a request URI from the environment.
Sort a string s if s else s.
Return a list of files with the words in the filename.
Return a path graph representation of a degree sequence tree.
Get a secret from the secretsManager.
Initialize a module.
Update a block.
Returns the value of a list item or a key if it s a dict.
Initializes the eyeg properties. Returns the current instance of the eyeg properties
Returns an formset for the given model.
A test for gridspec with num_ and num_ > = num_ where num_
Returns the pseudobreadcrumbs of a given key.
List files in a bucket.
Returns the single item in the list or the default if the list is empty.
Save the figure at the given root.
Find command in path.
Checks if the directory has a. zip file with the same extension as the module.
Walks a thesystempath.
Decorator to specify the number of transports to use.
A helper function that mocks the helper helper function in the super class. The helper function
Interpret string as minutes
Returns the summary of the given commit.
Ensures that the current gui thread is not used by Qt. Raises runtimeerror if
Gets the handle that is locked by the specified expression.
Return the difference between two sets of modules in pre and post.
Get the model matrix
Unpack filename into extract_dir.
Returns the encryption headers for the given key.
Returns a list of matching reads for each unique sample in all_fastq.
Get model by model identifier.
Returns an adjacency matrix.
Return a tuple of translation vector and rotation vector corresponding to the head position of a quaternion
Draw a bounding box using the specified renderer.
Insert a fake payment.
Create a returnevent with the end of the event.
Query GitHub API to check authentication.
Adds default variables and functions to a dictionary.
Test function that checks that the given URL is a repo URL.
Setup the platform.
Gets the config of a test that does not exist.
Validates that a value is a valid value for a resource type. Raises an attribute
Computes the partial derivative of a layer.
Removes a Postgres database from the Postgres server.
Returns the factorization factor of n.
Returns the last modification time of a file
Load the size of the window
Check if the filename is in the list of strings in the setup. cfg. cleanup_
On_plugin_shutdown hook that gets called when the plugin is shut down.
Exit the program with a quit message.
Return True if value is a mod of num_.
Get the display pixel size in pixel coordinates.
Parse arepl hex escape into an int.
Apply a function to each element of an index.
Use an atomic benchmark estimator to predict instances.
Returns a token view.
Split a bezier curve into two segments one at the point t0 and one at the
Make sure that the word is at the end of the string and not at the beginning of
Connect a function to a boolean action.
Validate that the value is a valid domain name.
Return the next multiple k number.
hook. command is a function to be used in hook. command.
Return a report of the current state of the cache.
compute the derivative of a word based on its counts and the mean derivative of its word
Connect to cloudsearch2 layer2
Returns a list of nodes that have the same degree of each edge in the graph.
Prepare text for output.
Sign a certificate
Returns a list of all public names in a list.
replace str_ with str_
Normalize the hosts to be a list of strings.
function to create the category objects and save them in the category table.
Builds the install arguments to pass to install. py if options. user_install is
Perform a regular expression search on a string and replace it with a matching regular expression.
Returns a config spec for a network attach config.
Joins the path of the current file and the name of the file in sys. path
Given a compiler instance and a list of libraries return a list of library options for the compiler
Get the cache for the function.
Converts a list of modifiers to a dict of strings.
Download a file or directory from the local path
Calculate the virtual memory of the process.
Return an iterator over the items in the cache that match the given selector.
Suspends a specified virtual machine from this VMware environment
Validate a password using a hash function.
Return True if the wildcards overlap between name1 and name2.
Return a random UUID1
Converts a range string to a set of integers.
Ensure a usage plan is absent
Create output_dir if it doesn t exist.
Return True if any of the python - external packages are found in the package str_
Return a selection of the model
Signin success handler.
Reads the contents of a file and returns it as a string.
Returns the default entry point for str_
Return a list of all registered services
Go to the given URL and return the URL.
print function 3
Check if a user exists.
Returns a function that will run html_ tidy_runner on infile with executable = str
Returns an optional iterator that can accept either a single string or a list of strings.
Parse a template string and return the AST.
Check that all MNEs are installed.
Returns the absolute path to the preference file.
The gzip - encoded content of a string.
Gather the pillar data from the master
Reads the safe XML file and returns it as a string.
Generates a zero - length random string
Read count boolean values using the plain encoding.
port tristate ctrlreg.
Returns an event_exchange object that is a copy of the event_exchange and sets the
Clears version cache when a dependency is deleted.
Return a service handle for the given target.
Print str_ print str_ print str_ print str_ print str_ print str_
Raises an AssertionError if the value is not an array of quants.
Parses a multipath line and returns it as a function argument.
Display a demo grid with a single colorbar.
send a tag from one thread to another.
include debug JS files for the current request
Return the current encoding of the file system.
receiver signal handler for course published signal.
Register a namespace alias.
Interprets the repository of the metric and returns the new one.
Splits a binary file into two parts. The split file is split into two parts.
Returns a list of strings from a JSON encoded string.
Returns a dictionary where the keys are the value of the given key and the values are the
Generate an example reStructuredText document.
Shortcut for Django s reverse function.
Returns a float of seconds between 0 and num_.
This is a test for the frame attribute transform function to ensure that the values in the frame
Reset the alfred cache and show the str_
Returns True if the number of LUNs in a host is greater than the maximum number
Moves the given file to the given folder.
Return a new dict with the keys and values of the same key.
Splits a string into a list of chars_per_string.
Task generator for string - > list of shell commands.
Clears the current database environment.
Prepares an embed request.
Convert a scalar value to the appropriate fits format.
Sends a hardlink to the URL if the user is not logged in.
Colorize an image.
sql_create sql_custom sql_indexes sql_indexes sql_all sql_indexes
Helper function to send an email
Convert an ISO - 8601 date time to a Unix timestamp.
Collects the given addon configuration files from the given addon_configs and returns them in a
Set self. waffunctions.
Runs the test admin tasks for the specified module.
Creates a dict with the limits of the throttlelensure that the throttl
Copy a structure from one instance to another.
Parse server string.
Generate a random password
Return the nth value of a subsequence of f.
Return a new dup with the right decomposition.
Set image attrs.
Returns the position of the after the decimal point in the string.
mails. queue_mail signal handler for user created signals.
Calculates recurrence term.
Shift a time by shift seconds.
Creates a port group in the vswitch.
Split a path into a zippath and an archivepath.
Runs the function in a loop of the main thread and handles system exit exceptions.
Downloads the latest PDFjs document and updates it to the specified version.
Marks a data table with no data.
Return the default providers for a payment.
Return the name of the virtual environment
Sets the value for the specified config key. If value is not specified the default value is
Calculate the score from the results from the local file.
Returns a trianglemesh of all the faces in the file filename
Get a fixed IP by its detailed address.
Get the ISO8601 timestamp of the current time.
Returns a color string if color_ is specified otherwise if no_colors is specified return the
Check if a slug is a valid slug.
Associate a fixed IP address with an instance.
Determine if a file should be skipped.
Sends an email to each admins of the system.
Tests for test_z.
Create or update an enum in the table.
Check the proxy settings for the given IP address.
Removes the last XML tag from a file.
Get the vector3path of the complex points.
Set the value of the config interval. Returns the value of the previous config interval.
Register treebuilders from a module
Decode a uu encoded string.
Returns True if text is in the file at the specified path otherwise False.
Connect to a cognitoidentity. layer1. c timestitoidentityconnection
Returns the number of pport inbusy or the number of pport inbusy
Return True if s is a valid identifier.
Encode cookie data using the cookie key.
Sends a single email message.
Returns True if the word is quoted and False otherwise.
Sanitize filename.
Runs the backup script in the background and prints the message to the terminal.
Lists all the tables in the dataset.
Parse the xfsdump output.
Create an array of specified size with the specified operators and size.
Returns a list of absolute filepaths for all files in the specified directory.
Tokenize the text of a textstream.
Override the bytes from the content type of a listing.
Helper function to return a list of GPG keys
Replace str_ and str_ by str_ and replace str_ by str_.
test_legend_auto3 function for image comparison
Perform a legendre on a duplicate matrix.
Set the value of an option to a list of strings.
Validate a background color.
Create the database table for the given assessment item if it doesn t exist.
Converts a File object to a JSON dict.
Adds a sub - plugin menu for the given plugin filename and plugin path to the given
Computes the dot product of two complex objects.
Return a list of the available nodes in the system.
Remove the empty line.
Pops the current connection from the stack.
Generate a list of YAML handlers for the given web xml and static files.
Check the filepath for changes.
Retry a function if the function doesn t raise an environment error.
Calls the specified method on the specified object or None if the object is none.
Returns a tuple of items in sequence that are not in reference.
Function to profile the gradient of a function.
dbapi_raw_w_pool profile
Collects static files from the app builder static folder and copies them to the static folder.
Check if an environment is created.
Returns the executed value of a patchmodule if the patchmodule starts with str_.
Returns True if the virtual name is virtual False otherwise.
Setup the platform.
Computes the outer product of two arrays.
Converts text into whitespace. If keep_spaces is True the text will be rendered as
Context manager to patch os. environ.
Add a callback to be invoked when a specific message is received.
Count the bits that are zero in a given number.
Like tf. nn. softsign but returns the softsign of x.
Returns the fingerprint of an SSH key.
testing. requires testing data for testing.
Add func_stats from source to target.
boots and runs an image.
Convert a destination name into a function that takes a destination name and returns a function that takes
Return the humanduration of the nanosec.
Sync the database with the specified version. If version is none upgrade to the specified version.
Clean up the cache.
Get the total size of the backup files for a service.
Validates a path and returns a boolean if the path is valid.
Get the current Lanscan device node.
Yields all top level loops in the loop tree.
event_list consul_url = none event_list consul_url = events
Deserialize a string into a symmetric decrypt using the keyvaluepairapi. crypto_
Returns a search form.
Return True if module package has a module that matches module_name in sys. meta_
Returns the result of the given suite and uuid.
View function that checks if the user is an admin and if it is a member of tree
Get the foreign key for a model and parent model.
Normalize a path.
View the number of config changes.
Convert a dictionary of keys to a numpy array of values.
Removes a portwd from a zone.
Constructs a borderwiping network for a simple borders network.
Find the parameters of an object.
Return the contents of a text string as a gcode.
Returns True if filename is a TornzB file.
Import expression from name.
The main entry point for the WSGI application.
Prints the given arguments to the given file.
Given a launch configuration name check to see if the launch configuration exists.
Converts a string to a slug.
Get the effects that should be produced by the dummy functions.
Convert a value to a boolean.
Return a list of the available environments
Create lines at the beginning of the loop and add them to distancefeedrate
Extend a mode to a string.
Get the email of a User instance.
Convert a string representation of an address into a binary form.
Check if a string is a tab - separated string. Returns True if the string is a
The callback function that is called when the configuration file is loaded.
Calculate the correlation between two data sets of different data types.
Renders the hjson data into a python object.
Find the name of a foreign key constraint in an SQL table.
Returns a postgres task that restores the state of the task from the given filename.
Return the index and the last non - whitespace character in a logical line.
View the report page required a user to log in.
Ensures that the named service is started.
Parses the given query string.
Returns a table view.
Escape markdown section text.
Check if the result is a valid C pointer.
Parse HTTP date.
Formats the URL to be used as a URL.
Render ptailocdf.
Returns a new sudo command that will run the given sudo command.
Checks if a estimator is connected to another node.
Create a zone from a template
Adds a role to a group trace.
Serialize a sequence of Python documents into a YAML stream.
A function to filter out numbers that are less than or equal to the specified value.
password has changed
Extract the read to sample mapping from a list of labels.
Refresh the info cache for the instance.
Returns True if the given string is a private attribute.
Run the jshint task.
Copies the source folder to the destination folder.
Resizes the given image to the given maxwidth.
Return a proxy that dispatches the specified serializer to the specified token.
Starts a thread that calls f in the background.
Computes the acosine of an interval.
rs_atanh at x at prec
Returns a list of the driver names
Tries to pickle a class into a pickleable type. If the class can t pickle
Return the value of the jn_zeros associated with the given node and column index.
Returns the skewness of a standardized moment.
Create a consumer for the given request.
Parse privs string.
Check if the repo is in the blacklisted list.
Return a s3rest controller for location URI.
Import a class given a dotted path.
Emits the tracker to emit the problem submitted event.
Create a hash of length masklen using the given hash seed.
Return the value if it s not a date or future.
Check if the result is zero.
A utility function to release the serial lock.
Swap the i - th term of a monom i - th term.
Set the text of the sitemonitor.
Update the list of entries
Convert a corpus to a VCF string.
Create the index receiver.
Convert a name to a regular expression.
Yields num_ and string_ if the logical line is equal to a type.
Setup a Litejet platform.
Setup the join cache when a new instance is created.
Attach total points to a queryset.
Add a list of vertexes to a geometry output.
Get data for a specific user.
Get a file from the private storage if it exists or raise a valueerror.
Compute the derived sequence and return it as a tuple of two nodes the first node is the
Get a torrent by its hash
Create a resource.
Processes a message notification.
Lints one or more citations from a Citations XML file.
Converts absolute urls to absolute urls
Extracts the null character from the given text. Returns a list of the parts of the
Activate a distribution that matches the specified requirement.
Returns true if the specified progress element is present in the progress file at the specified path.
Removes a role from the database
Returns True if the given path is a directory
Push a new connection to the stack if redis is none or the current instance is used.
Test function for consistency of randomstreams.
This is the home routes. route function that handles password reset.
Converts a given frequency to a corresponding period.
Log a message to Log and start the indicator.
Check if group members are enabled.
Split a namespace from a string.
Retain the horizontal spacing from the first token to the last one.
test if a string is a valid rgb
Executes the given command with the given database name and password.
Returns the absolute path to the ca_certs file.
Recursively extracts nested cases.
Format exception only.
Return a dict of callables from a module.
Return a list of files from the specified load
Calculates the err score of the model parameters.
Returns a list of all subclasses of a class.
Assert that the testing data is of the right format.
Get the owner representation of a person.
Return the full module name of the given path.
Parse the input XML data and return the method name and the class name of the method.
Re - validates a certificate for a student.
Convert a list of string names to a string representation ofdnsrepr.
Print the network details.
Empty float.
Computes the L2 projection on the inner product of f using the inner product of
Return the name of the plugin that should be used for this tag.
Returns the column index of loc in string_.
Get the server certificate.
product of two iterables
Log raw text to the log stream.
Parses the value as a date. If the value is not a date raise a value
Return the infer value or except stopiteration.
Sets up the platform.
Replace str_ and str_ with str_
Create n_colors colors from a HSV and an RGB array of color numbers.
Removes the cursor to the beginning of the current line.
Filter a list of strings by str sort.
Returns the sql_destroy indexes for the given app and style.
Get the description of the video.
Returns the full path to a program if it exists and if it doesn t return none.
Update the gitfs
Allow the user to register a public register.
Schedule a function to run on a specific job.
Unlock an entity.
Set the class name for the option if it exists.
Run a test run on the subreddit with the given names.
Returns True if the XBPS output is installed.
Returns a tuple of path and stage from a list of entries.
Parse a comment and return the comment as a string.
A test that asserts that a directory was not in a filelink.
Asserts that all builtin module names are normal_types and that all builtin module names are
Load a regression test of the protocol version 0 regression.
Converts the given object into a list ofser activables.
Parse an arxiv URL into a tuple of the version number and the number of the
Start an s3 server on the given port.
Parses the command line arguments and returns them.
Format the contents of a traceback tb as a list of strings.
Check if the request is valid and return the client ip address and the response if not.
Add a constructor for a tag.
Reads an index from a file - like object.
Cleans the meta dict by removing some keys that are not in metafile_std_
Plot posterior predictive data.
Get the latest version of a project that has an error.
Format size to unit.
Retrieve the information about the vcpu process associated with the given task pid.
Run the command with the given arguments and combine the output of the command with the output of
Get geometry output by the given arguments.
Format the string representation of an issue
Authenticate the username and password
Test if this is a test file.
Wraps the given text into a list of lines.
Displays the current site s location
Return True if the specified procedure is a procedured one.
Returns the fitness and the quality score from the mime_type and parsed_ranges.
Check if the given unit name is available.
Return the episode of a release in an episode.
Download a file from S3 object.
Returns the loved hook.
Contextmanager that copies a file to a temporary file.
Gets the period names in the given locale.
Disable all of the secure designers in the registry.
Assert that the attributes inMixin_cols match the values inMixin_cols.
Generates data according to n_samples and n_features.
Render the template with the instrumented signal.
Return a dict of the name and size of the image associated with the given username.
hide and show the distribution description
Get a list of servers for a given backend
Convert a JSON row to a row data structure.
Returns the first word in the splitline.
Check to see if a domain exists.
Test function for crop_append.
Assert that the number of reads is the same as the number of reads in the file.
Evaluate a test expression.
Return a new dup_from_sympy from a list of keys and values.
Assert that the prompt should call with process_json.
Returns a string that represents the variable name of the header guard file.
Checks that arg is a forward reference.
Return the main document part of a document. If the document is not the main document part
Deserializes a string into a Python object.
Returns a URL for the given request and environ.
Sets the global _is_ interactive to be the interactive session.
Process the given elementnode.
Returns the current stack trace of a thread.
require_file will require a file from the given URL.
Converts a list of recipients to email addresses.
URL - quote a given string with the given character set.
Set theegid of the process.
Registers the given class IDs as instances of the given class factory and class context.
Ensure the named alias is absent.
Creates a port group in the vswitch.
Process the given xmlelement.
Check if the user is logged in.
List all the repos in the system.
Yields all adjacent sibling elements of left and right in the cache.
Writes a plist as a source of the given object at the given path.
Gather a bootstrap script from the minion
Perform a function on x and y where x and y are integers and the result is a
A test function to plot the image of the epochs.
Install coverage prereqs using pip.
Create an exception from a stream error element
Yields num_ and string_ if the logical_line is a true instance of
Test gridspec with num_ and num_ values set to num_ and num_.
Register all the models in the database.
Split a command line into a list of arguments.
Returns the total number of intra community edges in a partition.
Kruskal test objective function.
Get the name of the comment app.
Creates a new figure manager and returns it.
Return a new array with elements repeated along an axis.
Get email based on the provided boolean value.
Appends the default values to settings. py
Check if the given lang_code is available for the current locale.
Assert that units_attr_sets contains str_
Change the tablespace name of the Postgres server.
Prints the attributes of the hypervisors.
Check that test_data has the columns from list_kw.
Returns True if docstrings_disabled is False otherwise.
Run a command using the given arguments.
Copies the files that have been modified by another application.
Pauses a VM.
Configures the global db.
Return the case status.
Return the reference to the default session.
Get the docstring of a release.
Open a text file with the given encoding.
Returns a list of all processes with the specified pid and all its parents.
Calculates the filename for the photo.
Converts a HTML tree to a HTML page s HTML string.
Strip whitespace from the end of a table node and replace it with the new text.
Check if the pyenv is set
Determine if any of the values in the list of values is from the host_from
Return True if all ancestors of the given page are published.
c_creates_button creates a button
Create a unique identifier for an event.
Parse a line of text into a pkginfo object.
Run the le_auto command in a virtualenv.
Assert that value is a boolean.
Update the cc config.
Return the code generator for the given node.
Convert a module to a dict.
Write a value to a file.
Unbox a string index of a given type.
Test function for the filelfrequency of the instantiate object.
Sample the value of the smote and then fit it.
Merge a setting from request_setting to session_setting.
Gets the rank of the jitable from thesingular values of sv and t.
Returns a string representation of the context.
Calculate the cosh of an interval
Set the SNMP for the specified community.
Make a pregmap from a dataframe.
Retrieves a tenant by its name and profile.
Checks if the descriptor is active and if not returns a mobile availability error
The main entry point for the iotileup script.
Perform an S3 request and return the response.
Get options from a browser query.
Get the distribution entry info for a package or distribution.
Get the descriptioncarve.
Query for allactivities of a user
Index a list of documents in one chunk.
Gets the new repository for this analysis.
Helper function to get the value of a setting for a class.
This is a test for sample_wt_fit. It raises an error if the sample
Assert that dict1 and dict2 are equalignoring ordering.
Make sure that the config is a dict and not a string.
A helper function that logs and returns an offline subprocess.
Get the virtual packages
Sends the report to the month. This is a helper function for send_monthly
Computes the kappa from mnc tocum.
Fanout thecast message.
Syncs the remote database with the local one.
Removes the logging handler from the global logging_store_handler if it exists.
URL - quote the given string.
Get the power of a node
Computes the logistic gradient at x_i with respect to y_i.
Get information about a blob.
Returns the group type with the given name or None if it doesn t exist.
Match the hostname with the certificate.
Returns the error message from a database exception.
Setup a scons. builder. for fast link program builder.
Returns True if headers contains a websocket connection string.
Return a list of all records matching the given name.
Check that the geoserver is up.
Convert a key text into a keyinfo object.
Update a fixed - IP address.
Returns the fully qualified name of an object.
Returns the install function for the platform.
Removes the task app from the project directory.
task class forwininst
Build a property spec for a given type.
This is a test function that verifies that a package is installed when it is no longer
Register. simple_tag function to check if the settings. static_url is the same
Check the status of a node
API version decorator.
Get image member
safe version of no_dnn_algo_bwd.
Check if the message is a pypy skipif.
Gets a grains object and sets it to none.
Round a number to a precision.
User name of a task.
Return the name of the virtual minion
Set restart mode in restart_file
Sample from the batch with the given ground_truth and generated_x.
Escape the special or non - special chars in the string.
Serializes the given exception into a form that can be serialized into JSON.
Returns a tuple of the number of themes and the number of associated themes.
Makeargb returns a boolean value with the first argument being True and the second argument being
Get a password from a prompt.
Update an instance
Convert a C ++ integer to a Python integer.
Connect to a specific region.
Returns True if the config has external plugins False otherwise.
Computes the number of instances of a movie in ureviews where the mean value
Returns the free name of the node.
Checks the usage of a module.
Return a tableau that is a jit pivoting table.
Process an elementnode by the derivation.
Translate a list of modifiers to a list of masks.
Test for bad masked sizes.
Process the log files for a given hour.
Assign the license to the builtins. license attribute.
Begins the current branch.
Returns the value of the given setting from the given placeholder.
Function that checks if the user is logged in and if so calls the update_osf
Compute the principal projection.
Entry point for an an ansicontodule
Yields all actions.
Return the docstring of the current version.
Display theme data.
Split a string entry into a d t e p.
Save the load for a specified jid.
Returns a list of celery settings
endpoint for a single book
try to int float or int except valueerror
Create a new transfer job.
Emit the monitor usage of the specified mount
Find the degree of a matrix.
Returns True if the humans UHC is installed otherwise False.
Safely serialize the value.
Format the extracted list into a list of strings.
Clean up psutil. process.
Get the geometry output for the specified derivation.
Initializes the handler.
Check if a user already exists in the htpasswd file.
Sets the current time in the device.
Converts a string into a slug using the given separator.
Resets the shortcuts to their defaults.
Check if the application context is active.
Return a tuple containing the host and port from a node.
Spawns a new process and returns it.
Create a new branch.
Converts a string to a string if it is a Windows path or if it is a
Remove the zipdir at path from sys. path_importer_cache.
The mod_aggregate function is a helper function to ensure that the internal state of the low
Convert wotan topenntreebank.
Normalize batch in training.
Returns a label for a field.
Handle the response format for treeio_login_required.
Get system information.
equatepolardotazimuth of a point
Check that the type of str_ is str_.
Extracts all the views from a list of url patterns.
Generate document for S3 REST controller.
Sort a method for a given node.
This is a contextfunction for jinja2 context functions. It will push the value of the
Return true iff f matches a literal float.
Generates a random string
Convert unicode values to unicode strings in a dict.
p_statements for Python 3. 7 +
View function that handles treeio login requests.
Setup the platform.
Returns True if the string IP is a valid IPv6 address.
outplace decorator.
Returns the string representation of the expression
Assert that all the roles in the config are the same.
Convert a datetime to a aware version of tz.
Returns the request URI from the environment.
Partition entropy by the given attribute.
Computes the minimum distance between nodes_explored and nodes_explored
clip a numpy array with its max value to num_
Apply a palette to an image.
A context manager that attempts to change the euid of a user.
Returns a list of the VMstat of the machine.
Copy data directories from git to whoosh if needed.
Loads the dataset from the YAML file.
Parse the given XML file with the given handler.
Decode a value to a tuple.
Wrapper for logging. warning and logging. info.
Memoizes the output of apcaccess to a single string.
Calculate the torrent hash for a given link.
Remove a file from the filesystem.
Returns the number of times the xml element is a strokeradius.
Compute the sas between two triangle p1 p2 and p3.
Returns the account information for a container or None if the account is not in the cache.
Serialize a Agent object into a string.
Prints a message to stderr and exits.
Get the geometry output for the given elementnode.
Computes the fraction of the expression.
Get the make options from a string.
Copies the contents of src to dst.
Returns a dict of the total amount of reserved reservations for the given tenant and resources.
Returns the name of the virtual environment
Convert an image to a numpy array.
Return the indices of all iterables of a given shape.
Return True if text is a plural string.
Returns the state name of a string.
Configures the shell inline support
Get string metadata from registry. xml. subelement.
Set up logging for the given product.
A test for sub - pixeled discretized model.
Wrapper for fopen with support for Python 2. 7 and Python 3. 7.
Check if an object is a class.
Handles backup completion.
Property for range_property.
Runs the PDF and prints the result.
Sends a notification to the mini application.
Log metric name and cleanup.
Checks if the given package file exists in the given path.
Copies the location of old_node to new_node.
plot the evoked data
Hashes the data for a given hash. Returns a dict of the hash values.
Return array of zeros for campos.
Convert text into an int.
Parse the configuration and initialize the global object.
Helper function to draw the options if the number of the options is greater than num_.
Returns the memory usage of the process.
Yields the product of the elements of the iterable.
getmanipulated paths
Replace HTML - escaped characters with their HTML equivalents.
Set all of the immutable fields to the default values.
Create an external account if the user is not logged in.
Return the shippable changes from a git repository.
Returns a list of mailcapfiles.
Generates coordinates for a given ul and lr with the specified number of zooms and padding
Execute the convergence plan and return the result.
Log the data to the job log.
Yields all estimator checks except skiptestwarning.
Redirect to the student view if the SSL certificate is not present in the request.
Return the unchanged argument of the function argument.
Returns a user profile dict for a list of users.
Get the version of a file.
Check if the number of sys. modules is not too large and raise an exception.
Shortcut for texttestrunner.
Makes a response from the generator.
p_specifier_qualifier_list_1 - > p_specifier_qual
A helper function to trace the volume mapping.
Decode the given value with the given encoding. If the value is a string it is decoded
Traverse a generic tree starting from start_node to get_parents and get_children
Writegif to a file with the given images and durations.
Return the numeric part of a string or none if the string contains no numeric part.
Gets the old_name property of an object and returns the value of the old_
Add a closed xml tag.
return a dict of all the strings in the output of which
Encodes a dictionary into a header string.
optstep of p if p is a list of length num_. If p is a
Assert that num_ * dt_tiny is equal to num_ * dt_small
Return a range of dates between start and end.
Returns a dictionary of the number of sequences in input_fasta_fp with the number
Encode a subject into a x509_name object.
wraps a function to force a service to be force_down
Return a search function that memoizes the results of the given function.
Returns a list of the partitions of a disk.
Returns the value of the category element with the specified label.
Convert an integer into a human - readable string.
Converts a list of dispatch_list into a YAML string.
Raises notimplementederror for bern qualifiedli_samples.
Setup a telldus live client
Set up the logging module.
Renders a nested view of the current page.
Generates a category file.
Create a new local dict and append it to the stack.
Computes the covariance between two sets of data points.
Uninstall an editable package and pip install.
Permute a list of lists.
Calculates the kilometers for a given number of meters and miles.
Compare the constant time of two strings
Decode a Jbig2 encoded string into a string.
Returns the cache key for a given account container or object.
If the current token is equal to another token then return the value of the boolean token.
Decorator to specify the delay_denial flag of a function.
Update a device and raise web. tornado. web. tornado. coroutine.
Find values below the given rectangle.
Change the gid of a command. Returns True if the command was successful False otherwise.
Get themanipulated paths for the given loop.
Get the name of an interface
Test against the pytpm_doc. transform_to_pytpm_doc
Check that num_ is a tuple of num_ and num_ is a tuple of num
Returns a new VCF flow with the given task_id task_type and image_
Get the number of hosts in the cluster.
Return the translated field value for the given string.
Computes the softmax of a probability matrix.
Registers a language role.
Run a command from command line arguments.
Create a VLAN interface.
Returns the course enrollment information
Build the URL for the given endpoint with the given keyword arguments.
Selects a command that was corrected by the previous and next actions.
Creates a new bundle with the same contents.
Returns the string with any of the strings in the string.
Returns a list of factory modules that can be used to build a class.
Encode a string to UTF8.
Return True if expr is a function variable.
Generate the request id hash.
Return an application instance.
Returns the details of the specified event source mapping module.
Get the details of a service certificate
Return the complete result of the operation.
Log the user out with the specified reason.
Generate the signature for the given secret.
Extracts a member from a tar file.
Get the line number of the given node.
Converts a log level to a string.
Create a receiver for user_post_save callback.
Pack the message to be sent to the server.
Get the value of the expression of the given element node.
Return a list of the names of the attributes of the given xmlelement.
Set the x command in the given layout
Prepare the totals dataframe for a given set of head and baseline rows.
Check if each element in in inlist matches the passed in item.
Return True if the value is less than or equal to arg.
Check if the target is newer than the source.
Gets all instances by a given host and node.
Migrates Django settings from Django admin settings to Django s migration table.
Returns the signature of the data.
Computes the wratio between two strings.
Wait for vbl to finish.
Computes the fingerprint of a list of files.
Get the full path of a device.
Returns a list of tasks sorted by the string_.
Check if a field is a solenoidal field.
View function that checks if the user is a member of treeio and if it is not
Splits the target URL into two parts. The first part is the target and the second
Returns a tuple containing the twitter_consumer_key twitter_consumer_secret and twitter_
Setup the console logger.
Try to reverse url_name except noreversematch
Return a list of beacon events
Checks if a source is a list or tuple of strings.
Returns a list of adapter names for the interface
Get the local zone
Returns a boolean indicating whether the user can add a translation.
Test pydotprint profile.
Expands the integer or uintp type to an int or float.
Sort a list of results.
Helper function to return the number of times the user has clicked the button.
Safely snap a snapshot to a repository.
xfail test for conditionset == equality
Check if DNS support is enabled for bucket_name.
Counts the number of CPUs in the given string.
Stop the logging for the given name.
Perform osquery on one or more host attributes.
Strip the first instance of the string.
Returns a boolean indicating if the user is not logged in.
Return the rows where the bad value is greater than the number of blocks in the store.
Get widget content from response_format = str_ if response_format == str_ then
Update a compute node with the given values.
Checks that the user s group is authenticated.
Prints the command line interface to the network device verification program.
return s if s is a string or if s is a unicode string return s else if
Creates a newscratch view with the given text.
This is a mock for EC2.
Update delay candidates to include the last query duration.
Create the app if it doesn t already exist.
Find first occurrence of pat in text
Returns the user name or None if not found
Get the last dot in text that starts with str_. If the dot is not found
Checks that the user s badge is enabled for the given course.
A wrapper for global_authomatic_instance. access.
Parse the Dell Dell DRAC command and return its content.
Test that the make_imbalance is bad ratio.
arg parser for service enable
Returns a field name for a model field.
Skip a fixed - length value from buffer starting at pos and ending at end. Raises
Add a request to the global queue.
Returns a list of target_dicts that should be converted into a list of dicts.
Given a list of tokens validate that their type is a str type.
Yields the number of lines and a warning message if the logical line is in the
Get the email address from the user id.
Unpack an integer32 from the file - like object fid.
Determine if the environment variable str_ is set in travis_pr_env or
Report deprecated workermodule usage.
Return the HTML fragment of the input string.
Decode a string into a nameid.
Get a bucket by its ID. Raise an exception if the bucket is not found.
Return a list of available packages for a specified package ID.
Wrapper for func. argtypes and func. argtypes should be of double type.
Returns the total seconds of a timedelta object.
List all IAM instance profiles starting at path_prefix.
Return a constant tensor of value.
opt_in for a given message_hash.
Yields the xml nodes of a given object.
Redirect the user to the create page.
Create a new string at a given pointer.
Return a dict of user role values.
Return a text list with the last word and the last word in the list.
Test raw data of the edf file.
Clears the artifacts of a version in the queue.
If two axes are equal raise a value error. If two axes are equal raise a value
Add devices to a specific platform.
Apphook post delete page checker.
Returns the number of failed validation.
Convert a value to a numpy array.
Warn with a user warning.
Setup the test database.
Monitor the stdout of a pmonitor.
Create a new state file name for the given zone.
Encrypt data from in_stream to out_stream.
Returns a context dict for a given revision.
Load a module from sys. modules.
Get a single M2M instance using the Eapiview REST API.
Make a lex from a list of symbols
Runs the newegg command.
Update the location tree of a feature.
Log information about the current stack.
Load a Python module from a file.
Returns s if s is a string or if s is an int it returns s if s
Check that hashed_passphrase is hashed_passphrase and passphrase is hashed_passphrase
Get a list of meta schemas.
Generates a certificate for the specified domain
Extract username and password from a URL.
Rotate an encryption key for a given blob.
Yields profiling oformbundles.
Returns the context function for a list ofixes.
Init the config from the opts dict
A helper function to redirect the user to the URL for the given topic.
Installs a Jupyter kernel.
Return a list of cliques that are not in the graph. threshold is the number
Computes the hub matrix of a graph.
Runs the given function in the specified server address.
Loads and creates all account types.
Get the masked string from string s at location p.
Yields the indices of non - whitespace characters in a logical line.
Decrypts the urlsafe_b64decode and decrypts the encoded data with the
Iterate over tests in a test suite.
Clear a specific feature.
Returns a list of queue_list or the default queue_list if queue_list is
Load a single line of text from a file - like object.
Update or delete justified issues.
Returns the path to the include file.
Default constructor for p_initializer_1.
catch_corrupt_db decorator for functions that handle database exceptions
Clear the cache.
Delete a server bound to a service group
Downloads a file from a URL and writes it to local_filename.
Strip the default value from the argument.
Delete a port
Returns the time in m seconds since the epoch.
Return the ext pillar for a minion
Determine if a module can be imported
Return a list of strings that match the glob of strings in the input.
Returns True if the state is the first line of the file.
Find the difference between two files
Print the line number of the current function call.
Convert an ASCII format string to a numpy format string.
Determine the name variations for a given name.
Construct coin flip by choice of num_ andok.
Get the message date from the mail content with the given header.
Memoize the output of a function to a local path if it doesn t already exist
Release the global lock if debug is set.
Get all keywords in split_text that are in _keywords.
hook.
Check if a file exists.
Returns a list of the columns to use for a set of filters
Make sure that the named service is disabled
Return information about the versions of Salt.
Runs the test files in the current directory.
Returns the string output of stdout.
Check if an object is a bucket.
Shortcut for profile. runctx.
Converts the given locale to the language of the given locale.
Invalidate star import cache module.
Convert a IRI to its URI representation.
Process an elementnode by its derivation.
Run the linters from the command line.
Returns a list of the events associated with a stack.
Getlan IP
Serialize an object to a pickle file.
Returns True if the module is configured in settings. lettuce_apps.
Convert a URL to a byte string.
Truncate a string to a certain length.
Find the missing edge in a graph.
Calculates the mean distribution of the sum of the log - distribution of the samples.
Increment the number of entries in the comment log after a given date.
Get a user using the Django user authentication backend.
Register the routes of the given application to the given register.
Fit a model to a set of constraints using fit_constrained.
Returns a mapping of unknown attributes to unknown ones
Delete a repo from the list of repos
Return a tuple of log key value pairs sorted by string_.
real_memoize is_ smartos_globalzone is_ smartos_globalzone
Check if app_name is in settings. installed_apps.
Get a distribution object from a string.
Returns True if the given path is a mount of the given path otherwise False.
Remove a site from the master
Parse the state value.
refresh the database
Returns a boolean indicating if the path should be included based on the include_patterns and exclude
Uninstall a package if it is installed.
Get the list of volumes in the blockdevice.
Validate the iterables and fields.
Log out a user.
Returns the command name if the string is a string. Otherwise returns the string.
Read a chunk of data from a file - like object.
Get cheras from the nast aligned database fasta file.
Check if the Ldev is valid.
Get the summary of the surveygizmo results after a certain date.
Resolves a given value error code.
Encode a quopri - encoded string.
Check if a directory is installable.
Returns a set of the names of the available distributions for flocker_source_path
Function used to require a channel message.
Get a single version of a module.
Get curve path by controlpoints and end.
Get a list of loop LiftInfo objects from the given blocks.
Returns a file like object for a given file like object.
Get the creation time of an account policy data value
Returns True if the user has the language set in the request.
Test that the slices are overlap by num_.
Parse the contents of the page as HTML.
Set a value in the keyring service.
Return a normalized version of the given path with the given prefix and sub - path components removed
hook for the poll command.
Add a new user to the account.
Restore an int from a string.
Assert that the given history is empty.
Returns a list of all of the members of a group.
A helper function to create a dictionary of data to be used in a formset.
Set the user for the boot.
Get the number of LUNs that have the specified mappings.
Get the isotrop strategy.
Divide a factor f g by p.
Computes the moment - linear least - squares difference between the given distribution function and a
Get the current git changeset.
Takes a dictionary of metadata values and returns a dictionary of metadata values that should be passed
Helper function to create a variable with weight decay.
Given a summary of a monit service raise an exception if it is not in the summary
Initializes the database if it doesn t already exist.
Registers a filter for the given context and addon.
Convenience function for sending an email.
Reads the iface and data from the ifcfg file.
Assert that the element text matches the given text.
Returns a response of the missing docutils page.
Determine if tracemalloc should start dumping data at a certain time.
Grant a privilege to a user.
toggle the mediaplayer.
Send notifications for instance to notify notifications about their state change.
Yields a list of file paths for each domain in the configuration directory.
print a statement to print the value of num_.
Creates a new thread.
Returns a language code from a request.
Returns a new hoprepository object with the same settings as the one passed in.
Yield name value pairs from a list of dictionaries.
if the function has a virtual name return the name of the virtual function.
Generates the index page from the index_fp file.
Returns the number of votes associated with an object.
Binds a floating IP to a device.
Initialize an instance of ansible in the local context.
Raises an AssertionError if phi0 < = phi1 derphi < = c2.
Clamp a point in a 2D vector so that the lower and upper of the vector
Asserts that the scenario s outlines are the same as the one given in examples.
Moves the given frame in the stack.
Create a new class.
Build a suite of tests for the management feed.
Generate a minion id.
Takes a name value list and returns a dictionary where the keys are the value of the
Return the path to a Unix socket if it exists.
Returns a clean environment with the environment variables as keys and values as values.
Start a zfs storage pool
Get a string from a buffer.
Return a random id.
Return the argmin along specified axis.
Apply a function to each argument of an expression.
Returns the current request
The main entry point.
conv2d linearly.
This is a helper function for the Salt authentication tool. It sets the value of the
Generates a coincmatrix with a set of random ones
interruptibles sleep sleep time
Returns a transaction for non - atomic requests.
Exempt from django. contrib. auth. views. login_and_complete_view
Reshapes the values to the specified shape.
Parse a line of text if it is a string.
Returns a raw array.
Write a string to an open file - like object fid.
Bulk insert mappings for a customer profile.
Transform points1 and points2 into a 3d matrix.
Convenience function for applying a highstate function to a highstate object.
Starts a response with the specified status and headers and prints it to stdout.
Remove a tenant from a flavor trace.
hide the given traceback from the given one
Get a scanner for a specific domain.
Returns a list of the list of themes a user has reviewed.
Generate random sample indices.
Parse a patch message.
Evaluate the given model.
Extract all time results from a string.
Get the neighbor configuration for the given neighbor ip address.
Adds a new resource for edit mode. Returns the newly created resource.
Gets a variable corresponding to the name of the object and itsorphans.
Return True if text has mixed EOL characters.
Get a parameter from a request.
Decorator that can be used to check that a node has a given folder name.
Inserts the twistportions of the given derivation into the derivation. interpolation
This is a test function that makes two copies of thetheano random number generator.
Test if the AST can be parsed with the global scope.
Create a legendre polynomial.
return a list of the shells
Run the B getenv test and return the log data.
Prints connections between switches
Lock a password
Make sure that the lib_dir is a system - wide symlink. If symlink is True
Create a rectangular grid from the given minimumcomplex and maximumcomplex.
Converts a filename to a cached version of the specified extension.
Yields the names of modules in the given package path.
Get an integer property.
Get a template by name.
Send a mode command to the specified target.
API wrapper to get volume by its name.
Runs the main thread.
Uninstall one or more pecl extensions.
Overrides the system resolver.
Parse the value of an option and split it into a string and raise an optionvalueerror
Returns a list of the number of cpus in the input file.
Set the absolute path to the source file of the current module.
Convert a list of nodes to a list of data preorder.
Split a string into two parts. The first part is the start and the second is the
Return true if the given gcod one or the procedure is a file - like object.
Create a small push_dir for testing.
Gets a random color
Find the cloud server image.
If instance is a shard or a weatherlocation then return the corresponding shard. If instance is
Encodes an X. 509 certificate into a b64jose string.
View a map.
Run all tests for this package.
Logs the user in if the user is not already logged in.
Prepare and prepare and return a specfic section of theng gzip configuration object.
Return True if values are not equal.
Return the norm of a vector.
Wait until the given path is equal to the given string.
Returns the default secret key for S3a.
Get validation set from train and validation set.
Parses a yaml template string.
Block user agents with get_tags method.
Compute a continuous error using allknn.
Returns the full path to the robots. txt file.
Adds a label to the x - axis of a series.
p_if_stmt = ast. if
Computes the sigma of a list of values.
Assert that the totodile of the media is the same as the media at media_
Lint the output of a tool.
Return the source of the watering source.
Subtract rv from expr.
Return a set of the names of functions that are used in the example file.
Returns the ssh configuration for the specified host or dummy if the host_string is not specified
route function for str_
Check that the extended attributes of cls have the same names as the attributes of those extended attributes
Uninstall one or more packages.
Gives the current locale
Add the image element to the body of the document.
Clear the db_env of the globalfacade.
Returns True if the user can change the dictionary of the project.
Applies the time_symmetrize function to the given clips.
Clean up the contents of the database.
Set the pre value of a and b.
Parses the value as an integer or a datetime. datetime object.
Format the contents of the master config line.
testing. requires_ testing_data should be a function that takes a dipole and
Train the model.
Add a candidate item to the results dict.
p_command_dim = num_
Given a list of strings and a list of strings representing suggestions for each string in the list
Read a requirements file.
Adds a query manager for a timeframed model.
Returns a list of all packages in the current context.
Builds the rules config file from the given rules.
Deletes a pattern from the locmemcache.
Runs python - linter.
Helper function to ensure that a container exists and is up - to - date
Reads the content of a file and returns it as a string.
Yield a tuple of the x509 object and the x509 object.
Returns the current revision of the git repository if it exists. If it doesn t return none
Get the content of a file.
Returns the script from the VM if it exists otherwise None.
Gets the zone state and zone information for each zone.
Check if the path is in the blacklist.
Prints the query results to the screen.
Converts a single character to a string.
Get the exclude string for a client directory
Returns the URL for the resource provider.
Change the gid of a user
current line number
Get a list of all composite indices associated with the specified app.
Set the parameters of the symmetricallog locator to num_.
Apply a test function to each element in sequence.
Run the given function in WSGI mode.
Make sure that the gce facts are consistent with what is defined in the metadata.
with_open_mode is a function that seeks to a different position in a file
Given a valid config create a topic rule.
Patch django. contrib. third party_auth and django. db. models. patch
Split a list of issues into a list of issues and a list of issues.
Evaluates the op_str a and b according to op_str a and b
Returns the value of the field.
Runs a test checksalt checker on the device.
Get a polygon of complex objects between startangle and endangle.
Add a new register entry to the global data dictionary.
Enqueue the signature task into the queue. If the signature is not in the queue the
This is a test function that checks the number of neighbors and kind_sel used in the
Check if an object is a scalar.
Creates a cost figure.
Returns the traceback html for an exception.
Create a block from a 2x2 block matrix.
skip and wait for js to finish
Add the store file for the project and the store directory for the given project.
Checks the cache to see if the filename is different from the one in the list of
Runs a test package from a git repository.
Adds count and weight to pre_save_checks.
Set a default value for an object.
Change the color of an integer in the Qcolor GUI.
Return a rule that means the top down all expr in the given rule is top - down
Checks the given path_info with an http_client. httpconnection if it fails
Return True if ch is a character in ws.
Parse the synonyms from the text.
Scale the value of x to s.
Test for the last column in an array of strings.
Returns the last access time of the given path.
Parse the output of an ipmi command.
Get the s3a access key.
Ensure that a scalar or index object is a i8 array.
Show std icon.
Get a list of topics.
Convert command output to list.
Returns a list of files for the specified packages.
Loads a stored item into the cache.
Build all resources or all directories depending on options.
hook for soundcloud user
View configuration for a page not found view.
Delete an IPsecPolicy
Helper function to set the window size.
Draws a set oflandmarks on top left corner of the image
returner function that returns the load dict
Return a list of the names not loaded in the minion
Assert that the link to the top - level content of the element is link to the content
Convenience function for fakeopen.
Returns a random sentence
Assert that test_data is a dictionary of data.
Select a port control character.
Create elements from chs.
Gets the specified router from the settings. py file.
Return the sqf part of a function f.
Round to an integer.
Returns True if the object is a writable file - like object.
Generates coordinates for a given ul and lr with the specified number of zooms and padding
Check if a string is a valid IPv4 address.
Write the output of windowanalyzefile. py to a file.
Returns the XML string representation of an object.
Create a new scratch buffer with the given text.
Drop n elements from seq.
Return a copy of the environment and remove the environment variable str_.
Return True if the value is in the range.
Run a link limit test
Check that num_ is a valid number between num_ and num_.
Returns the deb version string of the given version string.
Asserts that the chart object is of the correct classes.
Fetch the daylight times for a given location and return a dataframe of the daylight times
Yields a track for the given ID.
Returns the name of the virtual configuration.
Apply to audio that requires the duration in seconds.
Return a numpy array of values corresponding to the range of values between num_ and num_
Make a path unique.
Render a template using the given context and return an HTTP response.
Raise an error if variable not found
Render markdown text.
Converts the value to the current timezone if settings. use_tz and is_ naive
Parse a string that represents a Koreanonblog date into a w3dtf
Generic pshell function
whitespace before parameters.
Replace control characters with their XML - safe version.
Make validation result.
Get a single instrument by the id.
Kill one or more containers.
Convert the font size to the given unit.
This is a test for the ECliptic heliocentricteclipt
Returns the full path to the plugin s directory
Split a version id into server and version.
This is a helper function to cleanup the database connection.
CMreestablishment REQUEST Section 9. 2. 7
Create the spatial pooler for the given datasource.
Take a list of choices and return a list of choices
Returns an API client if it exists otherwise None.
Converts the given mapping from email addresses to their canonical form.
Call Aside s _initialize function.
Return True if label_flags has a level label.
Creates an image from a set of files.
Hash a user s password with the cleartext password and raise an otp exception if
Gets a new bottomrepository and returns it.
Add a dash to the end of text.
Returns the current lang if the thread is in the current language else returns the threadlocal.
Escape an LDAP URL.
require a post to be logged in to watch the locale of the current user.
Get the ros home
Update a unit order in the django - db package.
Helper function to update the status of a service
Returns a string view of the requested template and context.
Return a unicode string representation of the given value.
Given a file and mode return the path of the first matching file or None if the file
Run a list of commands in parallel.
Unpickle im_name from im_self and im_class.
Takes a list of complex poles and order them according to the order of the complex
Pad the length of a string to the specified block size.
Check if a device is on the system.
Return the skewness of an iterable.
Returns a valid path to the current working directory.
Convert a slice to a string.
test category links plugin show all in the database
Returns an IPv4 address without the dot notation.
Finds the bootable volume on the specified server.
Create a new column with the given name and dtype.
Print autostart information to stdout.
Calculate Hass temperature.
Load configuration parameters from a docstring of a function.
Splits features into parts of the dataset.
This function is used to generate the instruction data. It takes a list of string representations of
Check numberoffields.
Converts a list of links in the dimension metadata into a list of links.
Create a dash node.
Interpret the stderr of a bootstrap task.
Encode a base64 - encoded string.
Notifies about a member being added to a list
Test functions that should be called by test_ hide_supppressed.
Upload a file to a remote host.
Test the separation between two axes of the projection projection.
Create a HTTP request.
Clears the content store after each scenario.
Consume n characters from an iterator.
Gets the global configuration of the Django project.
Check that the image is valid according to the given format.
Execute server reboot command.
Checks if the given context name exists in the current context.
Convert a byte string or file to an elementtree.
Ensure that the input is a list of strings.
Returns the status line of the current terminal.
Redirect to a URL with a given code.
Discover tell core devices and their methods.
Creates a backup
Calculate the distance to an arc.
Fetch an image
Wrapper for os. popen.
Returns a json. loads of the default values of the object.
Returns a list of exp_summary. id = exp_summary. id for each exp
Creates a client for working with cloud CDN.
Helper function to print astropy warnings. warning.
get a container by src and dst
Serialize obj as a string.
Convert a mode to an Nimage mode.
Write a tree diff between old_tree and new_tree.
Returns a tuple of bytestrings.
Converts an argument to a softmax.
Determine if the file is a comma - separated private key file.
Check that a specific role is missing from a specific folder.
create an xmlstream for a component
Encode a value pair.
Get statistics from the system service.
Create a new follower.
Convert a string to a dict.
Make sure that the config is a dict and not a string.
Profile the gradient of f to be given by profile_grad_b01.
Convert a qual file to a fastq file.
Update the metadata for a question of a certain type.
Returns a unique id for the given http_response.
Returns a tuple of v4 v6 and v4 and v6.
parse a page and return an HTML document.
Create a user if it does not exist
If path is an absolute path return it. If path is an relative path return it.
Return True if the traceback of the module is not found.
Assert that all tpdiffs are the same.
Convert a fitter model to a set of model parameters.
Handle the response format for a treeio loginrequired ticket.
Analyze a list of strings.
Resets the template info cache.
Create a match expression based on the given operator and other expression.
Test function for find_eog.
return a list of all installed fonts in the Windows font directory
Return a summary of the given items.
Runs the glances main function.
Return the root of an alg.
Sets the logrecord factory.
Adds the given menu and window to the given analyzefile
Return the relative distance between two strings.
Test if a value is less than or equal to num_.
Convert Topo to sphere
Convert a double hex encoding to a double hex encoding.
Get a lexer for a given mime type.
Move the cursor to the right of the given string.
Returns a default initializer for the linear module.
Returns the specified list of commands only if they exist.
Computes the gradient of the energy of the gradient of the energy.
Converts a string into a datetime. date object.
Test whether xfail is True
Unzip an archive.
Make sure that there is an error in the history.
Create the event.
Return a list of target names that are target_list where build_file == build_
Makes a square image from a source image.
Return absolute path of path relative to start.
Helper function to check entity type for changes.
Joins a string with a user and host.
Loads compiler configuration from a json file.
Reads data from a file and returns it as a string.
Returns the virtual version of a string
parameter for label_param
This tests a simple two model class compose 1d
Returns the latest version of the specified package names
Returns the default inception arg scope.
Print with colored.
Scan a module name for its dependencies.
Return the filesystem label for a test case.
Run a command.
Returns an iterator of entrypoints for the given namespace.
Converts a dict of values to a list of values
Format the node s text with the optionstext option.
Computes the binary cross entropy.
Setup an existing light on the dimmer.
Computes the logistic function of a given value.
Test the command if the shell is True.
Return valid config data
Fits a distribution to an array of samples using distr. fit_fr
Assert that the output shape is the same as the input shape.
Gets a sample from a collection of different types.
Return a list of the mdadm devices
Register the inclusion tag for a given string.
Reads a random int from the file - like object.
Load settings from a file.
Selects k individuals according to the selautomaticeps epsilonlexicase method.
Make absolute or relative path absolute.
Convert value to t if it s a float or int.
Get the current EBS volume state.
Get the media from the media_player.
Get a model instance by its primary key.
Setup a pcs cluster
Adds the add_headers_cb to the headers dict if add_headers_cb
Send a request to delete a column.
Scan for plugins in the config files.
Get user settings by normalized username.
Returns the text of the contents of the given file with the given text.
Check if the Q QoS spec combinationination is invalid.
Generate the indices of the elements of s_indices according to the specified number of states.
Return a generator yielding the start of the bare except clause.
Returns the value of the most frequent item in the array.
Returns the version of the project.
Runs the test code in the test environment.
Returns a list of paths in unmerged that have conflict.
Return True if two arrays have the same contents.
Load a Markov model from a file.
Write color old text into a terminal color string.
A context manager that wraps sys. stdout and sys. stderr in a dummy file.
Assert that priority is Nonegg over egg fragments.
Update rcparams with the file defaults.
Convert a value to markdown using the force_text function.
Check if name is valid.
Returns the digest of the passwd.
Perform a right - shift operation on an array with n bits.
Get the compiler function.
Returns a set of words given a dictionary of lemmas.
directive for autohelp.
Compute the square root of x from p1. ring p1. ring p1.
Convenience function for logging. warning and then call getlumseries.
Computes the extend of year spans.
Return True if port is already listening otherwise False.
Create a temporary file and assert its value is an error.
step 1a if w is a string and the previous one is the same as the previous
Open a file and return a file - like object.
Asserts that a URI is the expected value.
Helper function to get the metrics record from the xapi
Initializes a logmodule.
Computes the loop convex of a polygon complex.
Return the position and the line name to use for the todo.
Create image tag.
Find the Fiducials files for a given subject in the subjects_dir.
Returns a string label for a task.
Decode a BSON data to a dict.
notify the user of an object
Filter a list of dictionaries by a key - value pair.
Create a string of the same length as the input_string and append it to matches.
B datetime - based B datetime - based B datetime - based filter.
Check if a client is a master node and exit.
Reboot a remote host
Default callback for expression_opt_2
Format an allowed section into a list of values.
Check if the user can lock a project subproject.
Setup a switch by device_id and name in the config file.
Convert datetime to w3cdtf.
Returns a list of the top level images
This is a test for pip to ensure that the build is the same as the previous build
Get the value of an expression as an lvalue.
Delete the key for the volume type extra specs.
Parse a header line into a key and a dict.
step function that asserts that the word is a string with the given message.
Returns a list of the installed packages.
Get the list of activity IDs a user is subscribed to.
Return the length of the node after the node after the node at the given position.
require that the volume exists in the volume snapshot
p_direct_abstract_declarator_2 - > p_direct_abstract_
Check if each argument is a path in args and if not raise an error.
Private function for removing an interface from a BSD bridge
Push the push configuration of a topic to the client.
Check if a file is a tar file
This test function makes sure that the SVD test passes.
Sends the email to the user when a user changes their email address.
Check if a device exists.
Check if an episode is in the show for a given series and episode id.
tests for rotation
Validate a schema file.
rs_cot p x x at prec
Get the configuration location for a given type.
Recursively decodes all strings in an object.
Yields services for a given instance.
Calls api. checkpath and returns the number of warnings.
Test function for the advinc subtensor1 feature.
Convert boxes from xywh to xyxy.
Return a list of loop names that should be used as the outer loop for each loop.
This is a test that will skip if the environment variable is equal to the value of the
Make x509_ext_enabled virtual
Parse link id from string.
Converts a binary string into a vni.
Return a list of files for the given packages.
Annotate the given clip with the given string.
Get the model s context
Wrapper for _fetch_disk_image.
Returns the value of x if x > = num_.
Returns a dictionary for a particular type and name.
Guess the type of the field based on its choices.
Initializes a bind completion model.
Returns the OS s SSL certificate file if it exists or if it is a regular file.
Generates a colormap based on a list of strings.
Get a certificate by its name. If as_text is True then the content of the
Derives a new ID from a path.
This is a decorator for the password reset confirmation view that handles the password reset form. It
Find review request object.
Parse the progress from the resource manager.
Make the component coils based on fiffv_meg_ch.
Replace line breaks with their own line breaks.
Parses the command line arguments and returns them.
Convert an integer to bytes.
Method to stop tracingmalloc dumping the tracemalloc data.
Computes the linkage metric for a given data.
Check if the mode is set
Returns a list of lines that start with name + str_
Test featureptbr from string.
View function that handles a login required for a message.
Check if the value is a valid entry point.
Installs a test package from ansvn repository.
Record the first event in the organization onboarding task queue.
Adds a file handler to the logging module.
Execute a SQL reset statement.
Joins two paths.
ioflo. base. deeding. deedify
Rename a process.
Initialize the database instance.
Extracts an archive to targetdir.
Writes the contents of a file to the user sincron file system.
Reads the deconv data from an hdf5 file
Returns the HTML output graph of a node.
Returns an HTTP date for the given date object.
Convert mc number to cumulative number.
Copy SSL options config to options_ssl if it doesn t exist.
Return the cache for the test suite.
Log an exception callback.
Decode a string to an array of strings.
Retrieve the content of a file from a URL.
Set the test fixture URL for the given request.
Check if string is an int or long type.
Convert a row to a polynomial.
Encode string as utf8.
Return a dict of the available VM sizes in the configured provider
Decode a RFC 2231 string into a tuple.
Delete a QoS Spec and optionally force = True.
Unzip a file from the whitelist.
Make sure that the config is a dict and not a string.
Adds basic options to opt_group.
Runs the test setup and asserts the stdout lines of the test.
Create an SSL certificate and key pair.
Create a return url from the given query string.
Converts a local path to the canonical path.
Returns a reference to an entity s propertyvalue by the given key.
This is a default callback function to zip a set of files into src_path.
route function for blueprint
Load local variables from a file.
Returns a list of files with the given filetypes unmodified by the given filename.
Context manager to enable context manager updates.
Add a bottom loop to the list of loops.
Setup octoprint API
Converts a aware value to a naive one.
run func as func from flup. server. fcgi
Get the TP class for the given temporalimp.
Load images from MNIST file.
Create a test for image comparison.
Register. simple_tag function for two parameters.
Serialize a sequence of Python documents into a YAML string.
Return the history object for the test case.
Delete a draft on a crispin.
This function makes sure that the priors are class_prior_ and class_prior_
Delete a URL from the cache.
Returns a list of active contexts.
Adds a value to the given point.
Add values to a list of devices.
Join a list of rows into a string.
Redone project changes
Collapses a list of addresses into a list of addresses.
Return the version number of the installed nftables command.
Redirects to a page if the user has permission to redirect.
Checks the current state of a systemd test
Add SSH public keys to the named user.
Return the list of the jids for the specified returner
Connects the files in the given node to the given user.
Register the inclusion_tag for a given string.
Asserts that the test generate context is equal to the expected context.
Returns a function that checks if a string is in the list of file paths.
Ensure that the unhinted font is correct for the given family and revision.
Get the image properties table
Return a list of nodes in the system with the specified name.
Helper function for vo_warn or vo_raise.
Turn a string into a shell - quoted string.
Writes out the cells in cells that are not cells in the worksheet.
Setup the enocean light platform.
Check if all required module dependencies are installed.
Validate that the field is a list of users and raise a validation error if they are not
vectorized version of np. inv22_vectorized.
Remove all files in a list that are older than mtime
task_install function for Docker plugin
Create a dataframe of expected values for a factor compute.
Read a cache entry from the file - like object.
Returns a dictionary of all the fields for a given model.
Recursively expand a dictionary.
Read in the configuration file if it exists or if it does not exist return an empty dict
Add a new track to the library.
Build a traversal spec.
Wrapper for talib_with_ds with talib. rocr 100
Check if the specified host is peered
create a new instance node for a class object
Displays the threads of the considered forum.
Raise the appropriate exception if an error is raised.
Remove a package
Returns the root path of the cuckoo root file.
Convert a sequence of ticks into a date object.
Send email confirmation for a user.
Get logical value from result.
Set a setting to none when the connection is closed.
Asserts that code is a FITS mark.
Inserts path options into sys. path.
Converts a single item to a table.
Returns the jinja2 environment.
Render the best match of the given template with the given dictionary.
Asserts that the chart render_sparktext is equal to the text of the str_
p_item_string_expr = p_item_string_expr - p_
Return functions for all item field plugins.
Validate read preference tags.
Assert that a path exists within a range of b.
Serve a file
Renames the named service. Returns True if the rename was successful or False if the rename
Calls get_oauth_service. get_ authorize_url with the specified data.
Decode a string to a unicode string.
Compile a list of sources and return a set of compilation results.
A with - context manager that yields a context manager to create a temporary directory and then remove
Require the volume to be attached to an instance in the admin context.
Check if the current environment is a dev2 environment.
Close a swift connection.
Parse a patch from a file - like object.
Get the voronoiloop bypoint from inside to outside.
List a launchd service.
skipif decorator for test_validate and test_validate_path_object.
Try to get the evennia version
shared task function.
p -labeled_statement_1 - > p -labeled_statement_1 - > p -
Get a new derivative node for an element node.
Make sure that the document has the specified type in DDL
PAGING REQUEST TYPE 1 Section 9. 2. 7
Asserts that the given language is the same as the given language.
Show a file diff dialog and return True if the dialog was accepted.
Check if two LDAPs are equal.
Disables the specified module and reloads the module service.
Returns the platform string for the current platform.
Inverse Fisher z - transform
Compute kernels and predicts for a given set of data sets.
Acquire for a given process in the pid_dir.
Get the last week dashboard stats for a user.
Gets the feedback for the text input.
Creates a new bookmark collection
Test function to test the gradient of the function.
Send a message to an recipient
Display data.
Start a receiver.
Returns the open firewalld sequence for a given service.
Check if a directory is empty.
Get the URL for the given configuration name.
Return a boolean indicating if the job was successful or not.
Adds a user to the group identified by the call status. If the user is not
Executes the SQL string sql_str and returns the hash of the results
Creates the config directory and prints the number of configured config files.
Get a field from a string.
A context manager which yields stdout and restores the original stdout.
Choose a potential branch and checkout it
Tag an image in a repository.
Create a quota update operation.
Try to get an object or raise a 404.
Return the ceph version.
Recursively collects all roots in a list of paths.
Write a chaintext with nounmessage message to a file.
Check that the ada matches the ratio of the number of entries in the y - axis
Writes the password to the state location.
skipif test.
Returns a dict of keyset values that are un allocated.
mock requests. post for software secure POSTs
Encodes an object to a Banafpaths.
Runs the command and returns a list of the output of the call
Get the system username
Split a string into a path and a file.
Process an element node.
Runs the detect_logos function in a vision resource at the specified path.
Return True if the server can connect to the given ip and port.
Generate the gradients of a sphere.
Uninstall flocker on thenode.
Locationupdating accept Section 9. 2. 7
Return the current process.
Memoizes an image ID to aglance ID.
Loads the environment from the specified config file.
Handles the response format for treeio_login_required.
Recursively delete all the directories in the specified path.
Tries to extractallocations from the body of the request.
Return the compiler used to execute the code.
Return a future that will sleep a certain amount of time.
Returns the number of parameter banks.
Returns True if remote events are enabled False otherwise.
Get the lastz value of a line block.
Encrypt text with an ssh public key.
Remove the specified headers from the serving. request object if debug is True.
A helper function to abort a request.
Sends an email to the given user and returns the response.
Returns the value of the kodi_setting as a string.
Update the index of a unit.
Group function for all flask bb plugins
Test the implementation of Nnet. cross entropy1hotwithbiasdx on GPU.
Generates the pwnstaller code
Loads the ipy extension and raises an error if the module is not installed.
Check if a dictionary contains a particular value in a subset.
Return the active log format for the named log
Converts a matplotlib symbol to a string.
In - place nomination for the given instance.
Check for copyright.
Output thread.
node2 should be node2
Returns a list of the review request fieldsets.
Constructs an authorized http object for the given credentials.
A response processor that adds the page s etag to the response.
Run a single job.
Partitions a dictionary into a set of values based on the specified keys.
Returns a list of paths to data files for the given vendor_libs.
Add a library to the library blade.
Deactivate all active translations
Converts a list of RGB values to RGB values.
Returns a string response body for the given data_format and error_list.
Return the list of items in scores that have a score less than min_score.
Create word relationships from a list of word relationships.
Delete a task from a folder
Returns the size of the set entry of the given type.
Return True if the text is a crawlable meta.
Returns a list of schema field values for a schema resource.
Converts a string to text if it is a promise.
Returns a copy of the session configuration
Map the format to Qemu format.
Clean the assets from the js files.
Returns a copy of the global _allowed_config_keys.
Get the unicode stream for a given file.
Sync email addresses for a user if they don t already have their email address set.
Find executable in the system environment.
Get tags for a node or a resource
convert string to wx. wximage
Invalidates the star import cache for the given path.
Get device count
Returns True if symlink is OK False otherwise.
Get the loop that is the largest inset in the loop.
Bump the release version number.
Ensure that all of the mapper registered with the manager have been configured.
Invert an image.
Verify that the views in the specified design document are verified.
Choose a number of lines from a source string.
Checks if an array is a sparse array.
Return True if the named service is disabled False otherwise.
Register the function to queue the tabs if the user is allowed to execute the action.
Update the metric value for a single cronjobs if stage is set to True or False.
Get the block size of a fssize module.
firewall a masq file.
Returns a new variable that is unique for the given pattern.
Yields an iterator over all the modules in modules_directory
Returns the block device information for the instance.
Registers the license of the built - ins.
Calculate the number of variables count error.
Wrapper around tasklistextension.
Returns True if the value is a string or a list of strings
Convert a binary list to a binary list.
Create a test descriptor system.
Adds a list ofcd paths to the list of paths.
Checks if the owner of the object is a string. Returns True if the object is
Interpret the size of a string
Decorator for functions that provide metadata to the database.
Set the network interface DNS on the minion
Get a specific user.
Returns the content type best match for a given content type.
Converts a datetime series to an epoch for local use.
Compare the two cryptovvs x and y using the cryptovvs_equal function.
Prompt the user to select a user from a list of options.
Parse a line of TCP logging and return a dict.
Gets the generator and prime values for a given kex algorithm.
Returns the contents of the provided secret name as a string.
Log call function to remove the project from the database.
Determine the user - agent string.
Marks all documents in the cache that have the current revision as being the current revision.
Test for regression future times 4bytes.
Generates a random text string.
Setup asudoers command with the given string.
Compare the constant time in val1 and val2.
Parses the command line arguments and returns the number of requests.
Format the argument to a string.
Returns the full path to a test file.
Return the average weight of a path.
Select the xmodules to use for the given identifier in the given list of entry_points
Decode a thumbnail from a tuple.
Main method of settings. startfromconstructor.
Add an instrumented task to the app. buffer. process function.
Get the quote by a particular nick and channel.
undefer the value if it is a deferred.
Check that the config values in the context are the same as the values in the default config
Get the sequence of reverse primer seqs in a mapping file.
Translate a list of langnames to langcodes.
Pastes a text into the hook.
Convert a boolean mode to a string in mode + num_ - num_ - num_
receiver function for sync_create_groups.
Returns what s in a file.
Create a kstone role
Check if an object is a writable file - like.
Function to test the flattener layer state -separation of the monitoring dataset.
Discovers signalrepetitions for a specific component.
Processes a group and sends a signal to plugins when an event is processed.
Log an error and raise an attribute error.
Returns a function to auto - import a module if the dialect is not available.
Remove a module from a service.
Setup plugin options
Create a copy of the looplayersset.
Create a file with the sample data for a given rc_object.
Return the string representation of the local attribute value of a statement.
Converts an image to a string.
A test for table_type that uses the str_ as the default value for str_
Initialize the plugin and register it in the global namespace.
Returns a list of all the serials in the 2 byte encoding of the user s serial
A function to modify an existing profile.
Get the current user for all the models
Creates a backup of the app tars in the bucket if it doesn t already exist.
Add a test result to self. skipped.
Create a contextmanager for the given subsystem.
Execute a command and return True if it was successful or False if it was not running.
Generate the options for the jacoco agent and its test packages.
Get the value of a given key. If recurse is True only return if it exists otherwise
Delete an image property.
Delete a logger.
Strip ANSI escape sequences from text.
Returns a list of lists of the length of a.
Check if a host is available.
Set the data directory for the configuration.
Calls a shell command and returns True if it was successful or False if it was not
Validate the minor number of a device.
Starts the bot.
Start a VM
Converts a message from the queue to the proper format.
Returns the plugin that should be used for the selectbracket parser.
Main function for django. setup. py
This is a test function that makes sure that the downloaded file is in the correct location.
Returns a distancetoline of the path between begin and end.
Return two colordiffs a and b.
Helper function to get the location of an object.
Shortcut to show an error
Fits a sample of an enn object to a set of sample values.
Run a profiler to profile theorm columns.
Convert a string to a list of binary strings.
Start the engine.
Return a set of the top ids in a segmented topics.
Recursively merge two dictionaries.
Converts an RGB color to HSV.
Wrapper for client_setup_job. init_test.
Format the config to a test string.
Returns a list of paths that are traversal of the given path.
Get thesegmented text from a text string.
Gets a flavor by its ID.
to_json will convert the object into a JSON string.
Install a package from an existing wheel.
Add a new group to a user
Return the cpu times as a dict.
Describe the cache clusters associated with a node.
skip str_ in test_file_codings. py
Check if the config is valid.
Get a sample of all the resources
Renders the template and redirect to the home page if the request. method == str_
Validate that the expected methods are in the plugin s base class.
Set the ctid or name
Generate a CSR for the given key_str and domains.
Get the OS ID.
Yields datasets from a deployment.
Check if the driver s dependencies are available.
Parse the response content as JSON.
Helper function to set the state of a package
Try to run the given object with the given names.
Convert text to unicode.
Enables theming for the given theme in settings. mako_templates.
Load a JSON object from a file.
Returns an optional argument that matches the given key. If the key is not present in the
Converts a coordinate to the corresponding action.
Runs ifconfig test on each host in hosts.
Returns the bus for the given disk device.
Add devices to switch if needed.
Create a widget object for the given module and widget name. Returns the widget object.
Pretty - print any string in a dict.
Computes the stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin
Pretty - print a matrix.
Replace named groups with their corresponding values.
Returns True if the theme directory is a sub - directory of the current directory.
Get the helix complex path for the given element node.
Returns True if the module is loaded False otherwise.
Call an expression func with the given arguments.
Helper function to determine whether or not a temporary command exists
Get a role by name
Move srcfile to destfile.
Find the first occurrence of a given function in an iterable.
Convert a version object to a native object.
Locate an optional filename and return the first matching file or none if the filename is not
Execute a command
Formats the given value in a human - readable way.
Yields a sequence of i. e. the i - th and j - th
Returns a list of all of the profiler objects associated with the provided filter data.
Check if the device is available.
Returns a list of all the objects that are being used by gc. collect and gc.
Get the maximum value of count using talib_with_ds
Return a random integer array of the specified shape.
A helper function to create a requests session
Check if the specified document has the specified permissions
Returns a list of the enabled quota fields for this request.
Create an output object from stdout or sys. stdout.
Creates a new nameserver
Get an attribute of an object.
Generate a hash for the content.
Read the contents of a file.
Test function to reset the prompt to the specified length.
spec for retry_argument
Return the plurality of one or more objects.
p_binary_expression_2 - > p_binary_expression_3 - > p_
Save a new model to the database.
A dictionary of the values of res. model. nobs and res. model. n
make the intfoptions of the network
Computes the log - likelihood of an array of observations.
Get the top k elements in a sequence.
Initialize the comparison between two strings
Make a datastore query.
Return all the gr_names in the current context. If refresh is True then only return
Checks if the given api_version is a supported major version. Raises an exception
Cut the minimum value of two arrays.
Process an elementnode by the derivation.
Parse a header value into a key - value pair.
Search the LXC bridges list.
Re - reraises a new exception or type with an e_value and e_
Block user agents require post login and process_document_path to subscribe to tree.
Return True if sys is running under virtualenv False otherwise.
feed the data to the html parser and parse the trace.
Test meshdata.
Resolve the patterns path to an absolute path.
Gets the inventory from the command line.
Compute targets based on overlaps and labels.
Returns a string representation of x or None if x is None.
Set the mux of avlm instance.
Encode instr as a base64 - encoded string
Adds the given string to the list of URIs that match the given URI.
Takes a list of params and returns a dict with the params cast from the context to
Create a docker client
Compute the k - th trial of a list of candidates.
Return True if the field is in the requested_fields list.
Handle the response format for treeio_login_required.
Decode a cookie from a string.
Runs the demo
Yields tests from a test suite.
Returns the value of the protocol attribute of the settings object.
Delete documents from an index.
Yields the number and the number of audit log entries in the logical line.
Make sure that the option passed in is a string that is not a string.
Generate a map of file paths to mtime
Returns a list of tests for a particular package.
Copy a file - like object to another file - like object.
Create a zone configuration file from a list of zones.
This is a helper function that will be used in the app. app. route function.
Download filename to work_directory unless it already exists.
Normalize a URI.
Get a list of color names.
Convert a string to a lowercase string.
Test that num_ is a string of chain_type.
Save the value of the named config to the config file. If the config file does not
Detects the distribution of the system and returns it.
Adds a check to a module.
Pretty - print an object.
Return a list of all of the rising items in the subreddit.
Create the credential resolver.
Get the name of the user field in the profile model.
Strip variants from an address.
Converts a language to a locale.
Update a group of localsiteprofile objects with the counts of all incoming requests and
Validate a file with an annotator.
This test html is rendered using django s default storage.
Convert an internal date string to a time. localtime tuple.
Constructs theame from the environment variable str_.
Remove backrefs from connections and senders.
Merge multiple C3 sequences into a single list.
Reshapes an array to a 2d array.
Creates a command line parser for lixian query
Remove the version number from a URL.
Sends a notification to the user if the invoice is to be used after the order.
Marks a cbook as deprecated.
Add role and config values.
Contextmanager for the warnings state of a module.
Encode unicode_data to str_.
Returns True if the polarity of string s is greater than threshold.
Sets the computer sleep value
Runs the repos command and parses the output.
Returns True if the environment variable str_ is not in the os. environ or if it
Get a list of users matching the filter data.
Returns the release name for a Linux distribution.
Check if the user requires to have the specified number of members.
Flatten a nested dict.
Gets the default profile image URLs.
Reverse the values of a mapping.
Match a list of dictionary keys.
Return a stream containing the stderr proxy for the current request context.
Split the chunks of the input array a into n chunks.
Return the string representation of a file in the specified section.
Remove a configuration file.
Returns True if the given group_id_or_name is an effective group.
Return event by event string.
Returns a list of server messages from a given app.
Transpose the dimensions of x into new dimensions.
Make permission config key.
Prompt the user for the admin cookie.
Parses machine string into a tuple of user password port profile
Return a range containing the i - th index of the range between start and end.
Returns the value of the style named by key in the xmlelement.
p_command_let = p_command_let
Given a role name describe its properties.
Record the usage of a resource in the cache.
Moves a set of tables from the source manager to the target manager.
Test if two values are equal.
Return the version number of the specified command.
testing. requires testing_data to be testing. copy_append
Returns the non - negative and non - negativesqf part of the object f.
Returns the name of the latest version of the package.
Converts a path from lower case to lower case.
Cancels a card hold.
Return True if the module is virtual False if the module is not virtual
Create a lock if it doesn t already exist.
Simple assignment tag.
if str_ in argv is a string write it to stderr.
Emit a test function that Detects the latest version already installed on PyPI.
Set the hostname of the node if persist = True then persist the node if persist = False
Get the daemons flags from the daemons flags file.
Computes the mean and standard deviation of a value.
Verifies that a certificate is valid.
Retrieve a single item from a collection.
Prepares the sudo task to run with sudo.
Convert a search torrent to a json object.
Calculate the percentile of an array.
Return True if a is a sorted ascending version of a.
Reloader a child process.
Get a validator by name.
helper function to get the libvirt credentials
global value for vtk version
Returns the value if it is less than or equal to num_.
Setup the tunnel. Returns True if the tunnel was started False otherwise.
Reduction between conv2d and avg_pool2d.
Find a zone by its name.
Renders a pe440 version of a piece of text.
Returns a list of designs for the workflow with the given name.
Encode a base64 string using the b2a_base64 function.
Create a new database
Calculate the entropy of a frame in one or more short - blocks.
Process the given xmlelement using the given definition function.
Returns a list of time values for the standby timeout of a powercfg.
Remove a file or directory.
Validate that the value is not blank.
returns the output of func when func is called.
Clips the left and right sequence from left to right according to the qual of the read
Connect to the cloud monitoring service.
Finds a health check in the healthcheckconfig for the given wanted.
Generate test files.
Wakestuck flow for a given session id.
Gets version data from a given URL and handles discovery failure.
Return a string with the current platform token for the specified os module and sys module.
Try to parse a string into a format and an option.
Set the value of a content item in the database.
Reads the khmer graph and calls consume_fasta_and_tag_
Connects the given request to the given registration backend and returns a validation error if the request
Run a command on the specified node and return a tunnel and a command to process it.
Round a number up to a given precision.
Returns True if distribution name is a valid python distribution.
Returns the unit s critical checks snippet.
Add a playlist info command.
Calculate the normalizecolunits of a column.
Install the addon requirements. txt file.
Load an application from a file.
Add cloudpipe configuration.
Returns a timestamp object for the specified date and time.
Returns all tracks that have a given ID.
Returns a JSON response with the right status and groups if the client IP is not whitelisted
Returns True if the driver is compatible with the interface and agent types specified in host_agent
Make sure that a string is an ASCII string.
Gets the cache of the requests session.
Returns the path to the solrd executable if it exists.
Calls the re - executable.
Use the oslo logger.
This is a test that uninstalls package before upgrade from a URL.
filter bad releases
Return the image to use
Returns a list of all series shows in the database that have the provided name normalized to the
Find and return the master key and ticket for a given bridge.
Return True if the expression is a square expression.
Convert a parsed URL into a dictionary.
Generate reStructuredText documentation for a directory.
Get the backup files for the selected_kinds.
Returns True if K is a negative P.
Return a list of all non - zero monomials in a ring.
Clears the caches of all caches of the environment and lexer caches.
Parse a newline character.
Gets the preview image for the given preview object.
Update the style of an element.
Emits the tracker to emit the given event name.
Returns the installation path for the specified module if it exists and if it doesn t return the
Get the location of the current context.
Create a gaussian background image with the specified radius. If radius is none return the specified radius
Automodule a class or function by its name.
Given a list of record_ids return a dictionary of represent names to represent them in s
test format priority of a script with find_links find_links str_ and str_
Computes the difference between two lists of values in s and t.
Attempts to load a X. 509 certificate from the given data.
Returns a list of all the snapshots
A convenience wrapper for the inspect. getargspec function.
Get all roles associated with a user.
Call the setup function of the App.
Returns a string representation of the response from the Graphviz server.
Return the square root of x.
Returns a queryset of user attempts.
Get the absolute number from the season and episode of a show.
Find the ISO service reference for a given host.
Returns a JSON file of the languages in the database.
Ensure licenses are stored in the app folder.
View function that handles the response_format parameter for treeio_login_required.
Derivative of a polynomial.
Returns the orientation of the image in exif format.
Cancel primitive c.
Returns the swap memory of the current process memory.
Update ssl configuration
Return the short name of a URI.
Execute a command and return the output as a dict.
Remove uuid field
Validate a list of handlers.
Try to find the kernel file.
Create a socket on the given port.
Load the data from the statsmodels. tools module.
Create a file from a given path.
Create a dssp dictionary from a PDB file.
Computes the chuang - f3 of an individual.
Get the user secrets manager.
Split a string into a key - value pair.
Return the virtual name
Ensure a directory exists.
Return the lower and upper bounds of a list of sizes.
Translate matrix a b c d e f from x to y
Renames a key.
Starts the viewer for the specified file. If the file does not exist it will be
Returns a test suite.
Converts an RGB color to a 256 color string.
Decode hex address.
instrument a class with its registry and metadata
NAME windowanalyzefile. py
Returns the disk size in bytes
Set - up and delete all of theneutron bridges and ports.
Uploads the report summary to the store.
Check if a header value is the same as another header value.
Evaluate the op_to_evaluate function.
Computes the manual difference between the arguments of a function f and a specified symbol.
Update release objects only if the instance is the latest version.
Makes a mockaiohttp client.
Create a cloudpipe
Make all the needed directories and create them if they don t exist.
Returns a storage connection object for the Azure blob service.
Show the index page. If demo_mode is set to True redirect to the send url
Updates the last activity of the post if the user is a member of the team.
Request a layer from a configuration.
Creates a cross - command function.
Writes the given data to the given path.
Generate a asset metadata with random data.
Reads the config file and calls the binskim method. If run_local is
Returns the count of the user following this user.
Handle the response format for the user view.
Populates the generation number of collectors in the given coldir.
Recursively walks all submodules of a module and its submodules.
Returns a label for a field.
Checks the neighbourhoodcleaningrule of an object with value error.
Returns a lazy loader for the auth module.
Return a list of elements that do not equal an item in a list.
Checks if a namespace is visible in the context.
Takes a list of lists of lists of raised elements and returns a list of lists of
Calculates the div - expressions for a given operator.
Displays the content of a directory in the browser.
Set the timezone for the minion
Get the bugreport for the current application.
Runs the command with the reviousw type of the given string and returns the
Return a tuple of all possible monomial pows of a.
Returns the integer value of the revision number of the file at path. If path is none
ssh to IP address
Returns a function to track a student s task.
Reverse a URL.
Make a filesystem
List the mock games in a directory.
Enforces domainsanity and returns a list of valid domains.
Ensure that all axes are unique.
Return the reference to the virtual interface that matches the context.
Yields the number of resources on service clients.
Returns an absolute path for the given relative path.
Returns a list of objects that can be auto - completed.
Check if the current directory is in the download directory.
Find the disk of the domain.
Encodes an image into an image string.
Concatenate url and args.
Get the status of a login token.
Assign a random topiccategory to a given resource.
Check if the minion is installed
Writes fake ring data.
Papachan s Papachan command.
Test for the rz function.
Initialize a newfflayer with the given parameters.
generate project list
Get the tag name of an element.
Create a filter for the given task.
Create QAction instance
Returns the index of two elements.
Parses a signed request and returns the response data.
Recursively merge two maps.
Given an object obj and a set of results apply a function func to the object obj and
Returns an absolute path for the given path.
Returns a list of edges of g.
Check the number of bytes required to create an image
Patch a document in the search index with the update document.
If previous_history_or_previous_completion is not set auto_up is called
Returns a list of locations the user is logged in and the number of times the user is
Gets the surface of theico trais for the given grade.
Set the parameters of a log locator.
Return a parent score if the parent score is better than the parent score if startkey is
Returns urlsafe_b64encode of the given hash.
Process the incoming buffer.
Return a generator of tokens that are not stopped in the given tokenstream.
Create a new resource.
Returns a set of all pages in a given string.
Returns the controller permissions.
Adds a list of parameters to a query string.
Adds one or more random bytes to the input string.
smart_str but smartly handle filenames
Copies the network into a new one with the given num_categories.
Return the list of paths from items that match the item_type
Summarize a string.
Returns the absolute path to the migration repository with the specified name.
Test video embedding.
Determine if the process dump should stop.
Draw a round rectangle
Returns the hold name or none if the hold name is not found.
Replaces the central directory signature of a file.
Update an image in a client.
Get the field information for a given model.
Find the best fitness and quality from a mime type and a list of parsed media ranges.
Get the overrides for a particular CX location.
Verify the checksum of the buffer.
Generate a discrete sequence.
Convenience function to pass in a port number or a number of port arguments to the
Returns the human - readable time string for the given number of seconds.
3 - tuple t - > p_pointer t - > p_pointer t - >
Filter lines_enum using the skip_regex or options. skip_requirements_regex.
Helper function to create a new wrapper function for a given model.
Returns a unique ID for a user.
Decorator for keypair - show commands.
Modify tags on a node.
Return the virtual state of this object.
create a new node
Generate Sphinx extension.
Calls the info function for the given string_.
Return the goal of the S3 REST controller.
Converts a multi - key multi - value dictionary into a single - value dictionary.
Bind a list of args to a role in the gr. context
Wrapper for theminimize trust function.
Returns a string representing the request number of the Cytoscape JS module.
Returns a list of client URN test targets for a given set of clients.
Returns the element at index i or the default if it is not present.
Permute a list of lists
Test shared array of float32 type.
Loads the cpickle model
Get the Simplifiedlooppath for a given clip.
Terminate the old process.
L1 norm of tensor.
URL encode a list of items except unicode error.
Writes a book as an external entity.
Return the dividend of x and y in the same order as x and y.
mask_type = string_types mask_type = int mask_type = integer mask
Print the number ofands.
if class has a virtual name this function will return the name of the virtual class
Writes the given string to memory file.
require login_required permission_required decorator to require login_required permission_required decorator to
Adds a collarshaft to the extrudeder.
Splits a slug into lower - case and strips it.
Executes the instructions of a plan.
View function for the bp. route function.
Validates that a string is a list of strings.
Returns the URL for the local resource.
Registers a tag to get the current language.
Returns a tf. train. featurelist from a sequence of int64 values.
Get a null error tracker for the given message.
Create a new clientlogurl and add it to the object store.
Gets the archivable objects from the xmlparser
Find human - readable labels from a list of synset to human - readable labels.
Split the surds into two sub - surds according to expr.
Finds the maxoccupancy node in a list of directories.
Computes the Roge Hess statistic for a given array.
Removes tags from a string.
Check if the device is a valid partition.
Moves a file called srcfile to destfile in srcfile - > destfile -
Make the start and end row for a row key scan.
Gets the tag corresponding to the given instance uuid.
Returns the configuration of the specified backend.
Returns the name of the notification of a method of an object. Returns the name of the
Returns a list of snippet from the given filename.
Create a new course in the store.
Creates a liftedloop from the blocks of a function.
Get the version number of a file or directory.
Compute the hash of the contents of the file at the given path.
Given a domain attempt to query DNS to find the name of the domain.
Setup the myusps platform.
Run spm with salt - spm
Find the orgorganisation address
Check exclusive options.
Add a node to the cluster
Return information about a certificate
Create a new keyset with the given name.
Returns the virtual file if it exists and if it doesn t return the real file.
Record the result of a exchange.
root mean absolute error
Return a list of the lines in the setup. py that will be used in the test
Add serializer errors to field_errors.
Build the default target map for theinit func.
Changes the name of a command in the command table.
Return a function that loads a finder from the given import path if it is a subclass of
Compute the legen lut function value by using the Lut function.
Download a file from origin to destination.
Adds a user to the cache.
Create a list of slices of the given length.
Remove a prefix from a.
Wrapper around imp. load_source which creates a temporary file and returns it.
Loads the count of instances in a multi database. Returns the number of instances in the
Gets the latest number ofpep pages for a given assignment tag.
Return the cross product of a list of lists.
Unpack a string into its payload.
Wrapper around subprocess. Popen that calls a process that is a child of _win32.
Computes the symmetric correlation between two matrices w.
Detach a block volume
Reads one coil point from thectf file and returns it as a list.
Generates a random secret.
Returns a new smoothrepository with the same parameters as the one passed in.
Create a string buffer.
Get and verify the data sizes.
Returns the index page for a module.
Returns a warning message for an exception.
Builds the match conditions for the specified type.
Get the spatial reference information for a given spatial reference
Sanitize the redirect to the specified host.
Pre - computes the Fourier transform for each frequency window.
Calculate the average precision.
Delete the cache of the object.
Create a new group type
Return the list of roots of the given function.
Create a diff between two objects
Returns a report with the output of the get_limit call.
Set the value of the date_str in info.
Try to hash an object except typeerror.
Returns a list of extensions to be used in the output
Show the options of the alfred tool.
Converts a resource to a variable object.
Returns the string representation of the arguments passed to the function.
Build text source of the wedge.
Parse the root path of a file - like object.
Print the help for the current command.
Create a package in a project.
Send a confirmation task to the user when a job is run.
Returns a stylemap for the given node if the node s nodetype is equal to num
Query a relation by thing_id and name.
Returns the class alias name if it is a subclass of the given class or if it is
Return the squared difference between x1 and x2.
Parse a string value to a dict of column name - > value.
Convert an ACL representation to a string.
Returns a list of all the urls in the corpus.
Commit all changes to the database.
Iterate over a windowsservice
Checks if the current dataset is the following dataset. If not it s the user dataset
Get the status of a task in a VM.
Delete a project.
Returns a temporary directory that is used in the case that the environment variable str_ is not
Returns the enabled or disabled components.
This function injects a popup dependency into a Django response.
Set the user id of the process.
Destroy an instance
Return the api_version used in the directive.
Returns a list of path names for a given string.
Returns the path to the config file for the current platform.
Returns an 500 error response with the details of the error in the traceback of the request.
Yields a sequence of num_ elements.
Collapses the parts of a SOAP message that are part of a different content type and
Remove the test db if it exists and thecachedb if it exists.
Flatten a dictionary.
Convert a list of objects into a list of strings that can be used as a query parameter
Returns the package_data dictionary.
Add a library to blade.
Convert a string to a format string.
This function returns a list of loop areas in order of the compareareafunction for each loop
Unescape thedo section of text if it contains ado section of text.
Filter the library s entries by public email address.
Return a uuid for the given namespace and name.
Set the current switch.
Replace options in the rep_doc with the given value.
Default tax handler.
Return a tuple of pad_sep pad_index and max_sep for tables.
Returns the content of the git head or the default if the head is not a symlink.
Convert a stts2penntreebank tag into a tuple of token and tag
Simple wrapper for _strips.
Update the status field of the parent doc if it exists.
Group tokens that are instances of cls. m_open and cls. m_close.
Get the minimum of two complex objects.
Converts a dictionary of metadata keys to a dict of metadata keys.
Sample f from f and var_args.
command for the songlist_mv command
Stop a service.
Validates that the given update is a mapping.
Copy or rename a transcript.
Check if a name contains a regular expression. If not raise a saltcloudexception.
Set the global http wrapper
Return data to a service.
Checks the args and exits if they are not specified.
This is a class decorator for commands that need to be run.
Returns a new widenrepository object with the same settings as the one passed in.
Return the version tag for the current version.
Write a chaintext with nounmessage message to a file.
Ensure that the named service is present
Create a signal
Strip the initial of string n from the beginning of string s.
Get a session for a server.
Returns the manager class for a given engine.
Show the details of an instance
Gets a random cron date time
A with - context - manager to profile the profiling context.
Make a temporary file name.
Check the last synced identity and update it in the instrumented task queue.
Returns a list of all non - free symbols in a polynomial where the symbol is a free
Find a host in the src_aggregate.
Compares a set of optimizers.
Service all the messages in the message queue.
Given a model and a list of attributes return a new class that creates a new class that
Unpack an argument for an operation.
Split digest auth values into a list of strings
Runs the sobel test on a vertical image.
Update the values in the DB of an instance.
Validate config values.
Returns True if the requesting user can access this course.
Virtual function. Returns a tuple of the boolean and the module the user is in.
Run the test case with setup setup.
View function that checks if the user is assigned to the treeio login.
Parse the file_contents and return the result of a check node.
Cleans the multiline_string by adding a separator to the end of the string.
Validate that the skipna parameter is an instance of ndarray.
pack a value into a string with the length of t
Compute the bootstrap length.
Require the context to be a snapshot of a volume.
Parse the output of a mount command
Return BTRFS filesystem information.
This function is a test for deep_bases_win_over_ dependents. It
Get the current platform version and platform of the current platform.
processshape the given XML element.
Returns a dict of the values of the prev_ele and new_ele where the new
Check if the free space of the given path is less than the given size.
Gets the details for the specified etag.
Store a new signing keyset.
Helper function to get the z - axis of the transfer closest to the current position of the
Create a new deferred column property.
Write a sequence of unpaired reads.
Generate the page TOC for a given HTML soup.
Returns a string representation of the file s contents or None if the file doesn t exist.
Compile a regular expression pattern.
Returns the b58decode string version of a b58check address.
Takes a dict and returns a dict where the keys are integers and the values are strings
create user on windows
This is a helper function to ensure that the file mode in the grail is in the
Returns True if the provider is configured.
Get the ancestors of a role pe_id
Assert that the cookies object is a cookie jar.
Decrypt data using AES mode of operation.
Load the results directory from a tar. gz file.
Given a URL return a string of the URL to redirect to. If redirect_url is
Query to get all comments.
Split a list into n lists of length n.
Move an entry from one block to another.
Process the bitmap string and return its data.
Convert a name to a bup_normal and bup_chunked name.
cong headercontrol Section 9. 2. 7. 1
if host is a string return it. if host is a string return it.
Calculate the content of a sequence based on its count.
Creates a security group rule.
Replace provider URIs with their corresponding values.
Join a list of paths and return the absolute path of the base.
Helper function for _q and _q_substitutions.
Find the best fitness and quality from a mime type and a range of parsed media ranges.
demographic function for s3rest controller
Add two dictionaries by key.
Check if the subdomain name is a valid subdomain name.
Check if a string is in a list of search options.
Return a list of tuples where each tuple is a tuple of the same length as the input
A context manager that uses a given context with a given mode.
Create a three - dimension scatter plot.
Test function that raises a valueerror.
Returns a matplotlib. patches. rectangle.
Sends a message to a backend.
Sends an alarm message to the bot.
Test function for testing functions.
Return a photometry object by name.
Associate a fixed IP pool with a network interface.
Adds the given menu to the given window.
Check the data for a given check.
Makes the API response for a paginated list of links.
This function sets up the database of the coordination database for the current process.
Helper function to return the number of gpus gpus and the number of gpus that
Set the use_select flag to False.
A test that imports an exception from lettuce. fs. filesystem. _import and
Returns the data directory for the given component.
Remove a list of stagekeys from an API key.
Helper function to transform an derivative of a derivatives de by applying a function g to x
Open a local file or URL.
Compares a value with a specific version.
Returns True if matplotlib. is_ interactive False otherwise.
Attach custom attributes to a queryset.
Get the script name from the WSGI environment.
Perform a s_prot_searchde search on the given text.
Create a new click. Command object with the given values.
Encode text with the double - quoted version of the string.
Returns a user - supplied user - supplied user - supplied user. Returns a user - supplied
receiver function for pre_save callback.
Update the data from a json object with the players stats.
Get client options.
Get theoverhang span of an element node.
Returns the label for the x - axis of an epoch.
The main entry point.
Get the default timezone.
Return the relative URI of two strings.
_str_elem - > element in config where element is a string.
This function is used to display a link to the user.
Helper function for _get_object_from_name.
Loads the gradient boosting model.
Send the registration completion email.
Performs a query and cache the results.
Returns a list of handlers that are not part of settings. rapidsms_handlers
Given a tune2fs_dict and a mkfs_option dictionary return the mapping of
Return a validation error if the object does not exist.
Expand variables in a list of strings. p is the number of variables to expand. l
Ensures that the context attribute with the given name exists in the context. If it does
Pre - prediction function. Returns the number of bits and the string representation of the prediction.
Returns the synopsis of a given file.
Returns True if the given short number is a possible number for the given region.
A contextmanager to replace sys. excepthook with a context manager when an excepthook is
Detects os_family from the grains list.
Calculate the norm of brightness between two images.
redirect n times to str_
Convert a list of results into a single result by applying the branch function to each result.
Obtain the type of the device.
Get the arguments for a function.
Test if the operator export function is the same as the operator export function.
Returns True iff f is a softmax.
Update a dataset viewer in - place.
Process an elementnode by its derivation
Convert string to bytes
Return True if the module should be skipped.
Sends an email message.
This is a test function that will not fix itself.
audio left and right
Return a reactor that will install thetk package if it is not already installed.
Convert text to bytes.
Remove tags from the end of the metablock string.
Convert a slice from a python object to a slice from a Python object.
source tmux files
Create an artifact for an entity.
Login username and password to the API endpoint.
Ensure that the named object is absent
This is a W3af scan route.
Returns a list of thesurroundings of the insides that have been transferred.
Fetch a inventory file from a given URI.
Returns the list of the mostpopular groups.
Returns the io counters of the network interface or the io counters of the network if interface is
Converts a string to a unicode string.
Convert a path to its npath representation.
Get the version number from the version file.
Return the current version of the running Python process.
Create a subprocess.
Load a certificate from a file at the given path.
Check if the two files are out of date.
Return a list of users in the database.
Evaluate the label in the given space.
Get the details of an existing snapshot
Returns True if the return value of restart_freeze is a string. Otherwise returns False.
Create a symmetric polynomial.
Create an array of given shape and type as a numpy array.
Takes a value and a number and a number and a number and a number and a
Converts a list of strings into a dict of string - > string - > string -
Registers a tag to get the current language.
Get the epochs from the raw. fif file.
Get the base64 - encoded html5zip from a URL.
Returns the element at the given rank in the array.
Extracts SNMP data from an SNMP response.
Validate that value is a string type.
Get an iterator for a GPI 1. 0 or 2. 0 file.
Generates a Go source file for the proto_go.
Assert that the actual output of the command contains the expected text and that it contains count times
Update a group type
Create an address if it doesn t already exist.
Return the unfinished word in the line or an empty word if the word is not finished
Returns options for list_kwargs.
Return the language and language of a movie.
Installs motd dependencies
Check that the given string is in the current directory.
Check if the given URL is a valid URL and has a explicit scheme.
Assert that the step was successful and that it doesn t raise an error.
Setup logging for the specified product.
Return a URL - escaped version of a string.
Redirect to a different location in S3.
return the path to the dot - separatedproxy file
Convert volume_id to EC2 volume id
XOR two bytearrays.
Returns the absolute or relative path to a file in the tgt_env if it is not
return a list of the commands to add to the client s collection of objects and their exits
Compares two media types.
Returns a pretty fulltext sentence
Return a list of runners
Remove a profile from an instance role.
Creates a command function that will execute the command with the str_ as the first argument.
Returns a list of the number of profiles in the directory given by path.
Deletes a property for a service context.
Add application with volume.
Returns a tuple with the name of the virtual configuration.
Returns True if the string_ is in an agent and is not in an agent.
Expand environment variables in a path.
Determine if the instance is recreate in the context.
Returns a list of all the bears names
Return the length of the string s in groups_of_3 bytes.
Encode the value in base58 using the div encoded string.
Resize an error.
Validate a password with one or more password_validators.
Returns a string representation of the success test in XML format.
Takes a list of dicts and returns a dict where the keys are the values of the
Return the identity of an object.
Returns True if user can assign article.
Time cache for call signatures.
List all the tables in the given dataset.
Shortcut to query the API for a specific key.
This function is called when the platform is started.
Attempts to find a module under the specified package path. If the package is not found
Return the maximum length of the line.
Fetch the given URL.
Replace a variable in a string with its value.
test that collections are not standard library collections in Python 3.
Compute the kunctosis of an array ignoring valueerror.
Get a course by its ID.
Starts the babysitter server.
Return True if str_ is in salt else False.
Call Aside to initialize the master working set.
Injects the network into the filesystem.
Copy the default configuration file to the user s home directory.
Create and print the cpptp if verbosity > = num_ activation threshold.
Test the service schema of a value.
This tests that the filesystem s status is equal to the number of features in the current directory
hyperexpand function to meijerg function.
Check if the loop is a pathentirelyinsideloop.
Check if the estimator method is string and if not return a valueerror
Generate a random number of bytes.
Query the database and return the result.
If the specified version is different from the specified one install it from the specified version.
Return the part of a float that corresponds to x.
Get the size of a URL.
Set the VIF host backend hardware configuration.
Clone a repository.
Checks if the line is a virtual or not.
This is a test function that will install the tscript if it doesn t already exist.
Returns a list of all folders in the account.
Create a multiprocessing pool.
Return the contents of a user s tab - formatted data.
p_initializer_list_1 = 1 at time t
Load an example module.
Checks if thetk type is a string.
Convert a list - like object to a timedelta index.
Convert a boolean value to a bitarray.
Return a string summary of the alignment of the sequence with its index and the number of records
Helper function to pad labels to 3d.
Return the negative factorization of f.
Parse a path expression.
Callback for _parse_port_range_list.
Returns an ssl adapter class
If instrumenting_mapper is None then configure the new mapper.
Adds a value and arg to the given value and returns the new value + arg.
Expands the reader macro for the given character in the given tree.
Raises valueerror if reference_str equals test_str.
Gets the city code from the request.
Print all crypto maps in the Cisco configuration file.
Convert url tomid.
Return theccx for the given coach.
Return the sortkey of a sq_operator.
Update the database for the opkg_path.
Check if the host is correct
force bytes for a string
Remove role from username
Displays an error if the page is missing.
Builds a matplotlib image from the input image data.
Format the logical line to be used as an except block.
Open a user logged in client with the specified user and password.
Split title into title and year.
rs_ sinh
Format a number with the current locale.
Register a inclusion tag for the given template.
Subtract a polynomial from a polynomial.
Return HTML page with classified text and classified title.
Helper function to fix connectivity.
Function to profile the Ba1 profile.
absorb the element at the given index in the world.
Registers the given request as a predicate.
Returns cont cont cont cont cont cont cont cont cont cont k v k k from f.
Get collection creation options.
Start the glances webserver.
Converts the request body to a string.
Print a human - readable name for an expression.
Get the determine value for the given max value.
Add a new command to the protocol.
Get and return all IAM role details starting at the optional path.
Get the preferred environment encoding.
Set the content type of the response to the specified content type.
Load data from a module.
test for ast. get
Return a list of values for the provided data.
Ensure a bridge is absent
Assert that the locale is not in django.
Returns a dict of usage values for a specific usage string.
Returns a list of all the strings used to construct the cluster configuration.
Registers a template tag to get available languages.
Execute the shell command and return the error.
Saves the return data to the minion
Unpack filename into extract_dir.
Executes a function for a list of objects in parallel.
Stop a running service.
Creates a new user in the database.
Normalizes all the forms in an formset.
Return the difference between two dates in human readable format.
Make the current user a string.
Computes the signature of the message.
Return osquery_cmd object for file data.
Resizes a bitmap to target_height and returns a wx. static bitmap that is the
Returns a list of source code for the specified paths.
Returns a connection object to the configured provider.
Make a Gax logging API for the given client.
Attach a list of tasks statuses to a task.
Get the points in a harrisim instance that are within a specified distance threshold.
Decrypt data with AES - CBC key.
Init database for test project and templates.
Upgrade a bill to a valide of the given number of days.
Get the windowposition of a folder.
Update the values of an image member
Remove zone slave devices from a service.
init_declarator_list_2 at time t
A test that converts a dict to a dict.
Get the monitoring information for a VM
Run a command in a specific directory.
Yields all files in a directory that are platform files.
Return a tree from a distance matrix clustering.
Make a basedir if it doesn t already exist.
Return a random number between 0 and 1.
pick the inverse operator of ch_names in inv
Response format for treeio_login_required and module_admin_required
returns the type of a string
Make a random string from a list of strings.
Converts the given code object to a file - like object.
Returns True if the number can be dialled or False otherwise.
Return the LCM of a dup.
Delete a namespace record.
Load str_ as a bool image and return it as a boolean.
Start a named function.
Get a list of points from a path.
Test that the caplog is not found.
Remove the characters in a string that are not space - separated. Returns the original string.
Chooses a number ofcv from 0 to k and returns its max value.
Reads the contents of the file at the specified location.
Main function of the script.
Returns the location of the folder where the dropbox is stored
Load the FAB file with the default task loading.
Convert a value to a template.
Computes the Chebyshev of two vectors.
Check to see if the named service is enabled
Converts a POSIX format to a textual representation of a locale.
This is a test for the gascost opcode.
Select a node from a set of nodes or raise an emptyclustererror.
Returns the datetime format for the specified locale or the default datetime format if format is none.
Extract valid arguments from a function s argument list.
Show if the template tag has been cached.
Serializes an event for a given user.
Stores the rendered template in the store.
Makes a test environment builder for the given app.
Convert an input string to a hexbin file.
Invert the monoms of p1
Test function that prints the variance of a program.
Adds a talib. plus_dm to the given list of bards.
Yields all files in a given path.
Parse the response headers for asynchronous operations.
Wrap an SSLwrap object into an SSL. sslsocket.
Adds a handler to the URL.
Returns a list of all roles in the whitelist.
Get the indices of the indices of the vertices of the vertices of a effect in a bin
Returns a dict with the platform name nodename release and version.
Returns a list of strings representing the paths of elements of the given resource.
Returns an iterator of example filenames in a directory.
Flatten a list of lists into a single list.
Return the number of cells in the inline admin form.
Get the parent theme name for a given theme name.
Validate the image values.
Gets the java runner for the given classpath and main.
Find the dumb path in a chall b.
Compute theomni normal test of a set of resids.
Check if the terminal supports color.
Setup a systemmonitor from the config.
Get all repository metadata records for a given changeset revision.
Create a new thread for the given connection.
Parse a string into a python object.
Create a test suite.
Log the request headers.
Compute the L21 norm of a matrix.
Install or remove a specific environment variable.
Move source to destination using shutil. move
Return a command that checks whether the passed option is set for the passed option.
Creates a pool and returns the pool object.
Remove whitespace from a string.
Exit with a parsing error.
Create a labeled form entry.
Decode string to unicode if it is not already.
Reads all the files that have been imported from a given version.
Applies the functions in the tokens to the current token.
Create the graph for the given action context.
Mark a thread as unfollow.
Multiply a number by a two number.
Create a deep copy of the contour of the given component.
Returns a list of securitygroupid for a list of securitygroupname
Returns the list of options for a config option.
Create a truncated tetrahedron graph.
Return a list of nodes matching the specified filter
Count the counts of values x in v where v is the number of values in v.
Link to a GitHub link.
Run database migrations from the alembic config file.
Unmounts the given target.
Computes the lines between 0 and n where n is the number of lines between 0
This function makes a testmasking layer for testing purposes.
Convert an xmlelement to a geometry element.
Publishes the activity associated with the givenvariables. This function is intended for internal use.
Setup the platform.
Get the creation date of the email address.
Convert the password to a string.
Set the console mode to mode.
Make the mac address of a poisoning report.
Detects if a string is in the code and checks if it s not in the code
Return a list of not_state entries in a subset.
Find the module named after module_name.
Decorator to close the first element of a function.
Prompt the user for a number of times.
Return a random number between start and stop.
Converts cell_str to row col and row_abs.
Strip a handshake from the input file.
Get the current status of the engine
Adds a command to remove a playlists.
Create the index if it doesn t exist
Seed non - shared migration.
Parses the given expression and raises an expressionException if an exception is raised.
Return the time until now in d. If now == none return the time until now.
Returns an sqlalchemy. orm. sessionmaker object for the given engine.
Returns True if the given root should be included in the list of exclude patterns.
Get all public certificates.
Attempts to download a corpus if it is not already downloaded.
Gets the media path for the plugin.
Convert an exml string to a dictionary.
Set a namespace for the serving request
Constructs the snap copy name for the volume.
Interpret a command.
Extracts the info from connectionpool. ssl_wrap_socket. util. has_
Sets the obey_over18 flag.
Return a figure manager given a single figure and a number.
Convert a list of values into a list of values.
Create a directory if it doesn t exist.
Given a valid config update the ACL for a bucket.
Convert an integer to a number of hours.
Returns the total number of footprints of all objects in an object.
Send a message to a topic.
Replace arg with tvars in args if arg is a typevar.
Trigger a new build for a project.
Returns the nonce key for the given server URL timestamp and salt.
Build the list of install arguments based on options. user_install.
Return a boolean indicating whether the user can manage the cache.
Converts the given base value to a timestamp.
Returns a random markem text colour
A test function that sets the attributes of sys and earlyinit. init_faulth
Returns a list of the toprated summaries for this exp_models. expsummarymodel
Creates a socket connection to a remote pair
Build and return a logger.
Get replication group host
Apply a function to a decorated function.
Builds the server url with the given arguments.
Convert a list of vectors to a vector of vectors.
Generates the URL for the given argument.
Converts a string representing a frequency code and a stride into a code and a stride.
Returns a list of media objects that match the search term.
Returns a SQL representation of an object.
Multiply the variable from rhs by self.
Return the pickleable exception that raised the given exception.
Return a function that applies when the given string represents a supported clipboard.
Computes the dot product between two vectors.
Return the localization strings at the current logical line.
Returns a dictionary of the video poster
Returns a two - dimensional local dictionary that is the root of the current global dictionary and the
Assert that the actual URL is the same as the expected URL.
Check if the installed package has the specified requirements
Get a storage backend for a given filename.
Decode string to unicode.
Return a list of sources for a zone.
Require the user to request a revision from one document to another.
Return True if two matrices are disjoint i. e. a1 b1 c1
Create an instance of the generate function for the given kind.
Helper function to patch the list_steps function in boto. emr. emrobject
transaction. non_ atomic_requests
Setup the platform.
Init the socket.
Convert a list of polynomials into an array of polynomials.
Get the resource limits for the logging_context.
Read a table from a file.
Check if the value is an array with the same dtype as the one passed in.
Setup the platform.
Wrapper for talib_with_ds.
binary p_expr_binary p_expr_binary p p_expr_binary p
Get the status of auto login
Copies the contents of a tarfile to a file - like object.
Runs the test html file.
Ensure that the host is in sslcontext.
Route a product to a store.
Checks to see if the specified version is running under the specified version. If not raise
Runs click. command and prints the output.
Create a window containing the specified number of projections lines andobjects
Returns the default timezone.
Return a string representation of the time since the epoch.
Register a tag to check if the value is equal to the value of the current tag.
Get a gridpoint on the line that is non - intersecting a gridpoint on the
Set the value of the key in the database. If the key does not exist create a
Returns the reference value of the given field in the given table.
Get the logging handler.
Get the SQL for all databases.
Loads an image from disk and returns it as a numpy array.
Return the shelter type.
Determine the padding type based on the input shape and output shape.
Returns a list of paths to pass to os. environ.
get init for 4. 0 format
Return the complement of a string.
Convert expiration to a number of seconds.
Raise an exception if the environment variable is not in the AWS environment.
Disconnect a user from the logged - in user.
Trigger a scheduler event.
Unpack filename into extract_dir.
Generate a verification key.
Return the setos and OSSP if the human readable string is in the banner.
Returns a bool if the message is to be keep and not to be in an account.
constructor for largest argument.
Returns a string representation of x using the encoder.
Create the global metric dictionary.
Gets the angle of a rotation
Wait until the specified package is ready.
Sample a 2D function
Compare two bonds.
Run test code.
Revokes an admin policy for a user.
Load a request object from a PEM string or file.
Adds a prefix to each line of a string.
Create network
Return the string part of intpart and fraction of expo where expo is a part
Get the version number of a package.
Evaluate a boolean condition.
Return True if readline is available.
Returns the path to the hdfs root.
Returns a datetime with the given day of the given weekday. Returns a datetime. datetime object
Resolve version from JSON response.
Opens a log file and returns its handle.
Get the timestamp for the current month.
Register a new hook handler.
Test function for page. _detect_screen_size.
Writes the HTML file to outpath.
Finds the maximum daily commits in the contributions calendar.
Resolve a function from a module
Test function to compare two strings to make sure each string is a string and each string is
Set the path of the virtual machine.
Executes the specified function if the specified number of times is greater than the specified number of
Add an access token to the twitter credentials file.
Get the current locale
Remove the str_ and none from the params.
Transforms a shape into a geometry.
Return the time of the current timer.
Computes the log mean of an array.
Set the le script s version to the given version.
Return the minimum distance between a point on a surface.
Returns a colorized string of the penalties in the given distance dictionary.
canonicalize str_ by register_stabilize and register_subtensor_of_
Builds a list of adgroup_adoperations from a list of adgroup_operations
Returns True if the profile should send own updates.
Create a patch viewer for the given dataset.
Check a challenge s signature using the binscope.
Runs the Ninja command.
Returns the review request field for the given field id
Parse a string into a datetime. date object.
Returns a list of play objects in JSON format.
Get a list of policy names associated with a role.
Serialize and send the inventory to the API.
Run the test case and return the result.
Convert a title to a URL.
Sends an email to the activity log.
Make a kickstartfloppy file.
Resolve and expands a path.
Given a phenny and its name reply to the phenny s document.
Joins the sender and the input if the sender is a member of the phenny
Build a 1D filter from the input files.
Returns True if the index is less than or equal to verbose and True if the verbose is
Count the words in a list of documents.
Register. inclusion_tag for feincms.
Return the user id of the process if it exists.
Returns a list of all packagesaffected by this recipe.
Test the password strength of a zxcvbn password
Runs the network and writes the result to the writer.
Create the serializer functions for a transport.
Authenticate the provided token using the provided endpoint and tenant name.
Get the translation project directory for a language.
Writes a fasta line from the demplexed sequences.
Helper function for random choice.
Joins long strings with a given number of digits and a type.
Calculate the mean square between y_pred and y_true.
Redirect to the given URL with the given parameters.
Context manager for a mock event notification.
Print the result of the query.
Connect to cloudwatch
Find a sr reference from a vbd reference
Encodes the given block into the crawl response format.
Get the synonyms of a fontext
Calculate the fragmentation matrix w. r. t. the fragmentation matrix w. t
Returns True if the given string is a userland tool ; False otherwise.
Load user config from user config file.
Return True if the value is a scalar zero or NaN.
Get the user s data directory
if the function has a virtual name return the name of the virtual function.
This is a decorator that aborts a test if the test raises an exception.
Converts a string to a filename with the same platform as str_. If the string
Create the specified directory if it doesn t exist.
echo the contents of a class.
Get a connection to the database.
Perform a fast exponentiation on a.
Writes the given data to stdout.
Get the zonecode from the minion
Fetches information of a network
Wrap a clause in the constructor of a SQL string.
Fits a FITS file with a given sky code and parameters.
Returns the mac address.
A generator function for listing versions of a bucket.
Update the values of t_images t_image_members and t_image_properties
Checks if the given command is a command.
Given a function name describe its properties.
Parses the given code and returns an AST tree.
Return the relative path to the config file.
Calculates the mean of the values in inlist.
Returns a list of members in the config
Returns the table description of the database.
Create a sort from a list of strings.
Exports a request string to an HTML document.
Remove a file or directory.
Adds the number of threads to the given argument parser.
Check if a node exists in the storage.
Return a list of installed solvers.
Returns the student admin section for the section.
downscale the array to k k k times.
exit the program if ctrl_c is pressed.
Determine the object associated with the given resource.
Return a list of all of the directories in sys. path.
Returns the last unpickleable exception that was raised from exc.
get version of init_file
Get the number of bezier points between two elements.
Test function for chart. render_pyquery.
Returns the local URL for the given port.
Return a list of nodes with full information.
Render s3 rheader tabs.
Disable entry if it is visible and save_ping_external_urls are set
Register a global finder when the given name is imported.
filterdict wrapper for pillars
Map V BGP devices to their original prefix.
Adds a bootstrap class to the field s widget attrs.
Replace placeholders in text with the given value.
Prompts the user to delete a load balancer.
Drop all instances of the database.
Check if a string is not in the split line.
Adds an addon author.
Prints an exception with the specified message and indent.
Updates a counter with a given name.
Processes a message from the consumer group.
Starts a new run as root.
Instantiates the defer. deferred errback function.
Assign crowding distances to individuals.
Returns a string representation of the ordered dictionary.
Returns True if the URL is from the given spider.
Parse arguments and keyword arguments.
Yields the curry function for a given wrapper function.
Set the current namespace.
Apply a slice to a string.
Check if a command should be used as a proxy for a given command.
Performs an aggregate function between two objects.
Returns a string with the link text between the previouslinktext and nextlinktext.
Returns the word associated with form at pos.
Returns a list of the header and value of a Mua id header in a message.
Yields the path and the number of style files in the style directory.
Return the IPv4 address of the Ethernet interface.
Make image comparison of a splt with a set of baseline images
Recursively handle extra payloads
Ensure locale is in settings. sumo_languages and not in sumo_languages.
degree - dependent power - law of a domain f g and degree - dependent power -
Remove a directory.
Escape a string with shell - escaped characters.
Return the virtual name
Return True if the title contains feat_tokens.
Contextmanager for track the memory usage of the metric
Load a certificate request from a buffer.
Returns information about an instance in this VMware environment
Extracts the identity response info from the data.
Check that a value error is a sum of one.
Prints a summary of the given runner results.
Unparse a URL from a list of components.
Performs a test authentication request.
Count nonprintable characters in a string.
Runs a shell command and prints its output to stdout.
Sends a random string to the client.
If request is none and request is none then make a new context with the request context.
Returns a list of values in the cluster.
Build postprocessors for md_instance.
Returns the response body for the specified command.
Returns the odds of p.
Delete a named query.
Converts the request method to the verb.
Dispatch the environment to the appropriate method.
Get the branch option.
Convert a string to a color.
Returns the shortcuts for the given name from the given context.
Converts the given template to the correct script prefix based on the params passed in.
Converts the request method to the verb.
Return the virtual state of the master
Sign data with a private key.
Parse a set of options.
Generate a request message.
Plot two axes.
Test if the AST can be parsed by the test_ast_cut function.
Calculates the length of the network in bytes.
test function for find_number
List all the datacenters for this VMware environment
Get the new repository for the current user.
Recursively walks the class hierarchy of a given class.
Reset Videomode.
File parameter handler.
Return the length of a string + tabwidth
Return a list of not -alived entries.
Get the size of a dimension
A helper function to set the API config and save it.
Disable the site and reload the config.
Mark a function as lazy.
Return the node with debug information.
Setup HMswitch platform.
Return a dict without the str_ in the key.
pre - init hook for submodules
Returns True if input_string is a float ; otherwise returns False.
Resolve a URL to a target.
Returns the postgres password for the specified username.
Pad to n times.
Test if the binom value is a reject interval.
Resolve a subworkflow from a deployment directory.
Collect attributes for all containers.
Add str_ in os. environ and replace it with str_ in os. environ.
The main entry point for the cli.
Check if the model is in the model_queue and not in many_to_many
Check if the value is a valid email address or is a valid email address.
Copies the metadata from the snapshot to the volume.
Parses the union page.
Create a new paste with the contents.
Start the console for this window.
Returns a list of users of the given course
Helper function for get_proxy_connection_details
Context manager to lock the lockfile.
Register a specialize optimizer that copies the stack trace of the elemwise operation to zeros.
Calculate the bootstrap distribution for a given value.
Remove a file from the filesystem.
Builds a date from the property as_string and returns it as a string.
test service provider base manager
lazy loader for pkgdb
Compress input using zlib. compress.
Assert that a commit is serializeable.
Gets the return value of a function
Returns True if at is a datetime object that isambiguous.
Recursively format mappings from properties to result.
Patch all of the options in the os socket select socket etc.
Enables a user s VPN with the specified name.
Helper function to dedent a function if it is a method.
Return a boolean that is True if the audience of the condition matches the audience of
Search disk by the lun_id.
Extract a public IPv4 address from a list of IPv4 addresses.
Returns the mean longitude of perigee.
Resize an existing LVM volume
Get the name of a link
Galois multiply a by b.
Gets the null source script catalog for a specific domain and packages
Checks the cookie for the response after the request is made and sets the CORS headers for
Make the output directory if it doesn t exist.
Given a scope and a list of string ids and a list of string ids return a function
If the user s password is not empty append an empty string.
symptomusability of fernet key repository.
Download a file from a URL.
Count the number of arguments that have already been applied.
Find the trig solution of a symbol in a function domain.
testfield. locale = testfield. locale
Prints the list of interfaces on the server.
A view to download the log level.
Get the email address of a GitHub access token.
task_enable_updates_ testing for distribution not support.
Check if the given file exists and is available for the given name.
Helper function to check if an RVM is available
Split a power - base product by the power - base product of the power - base product
untag a vs2 into the repo at repo_root. push is True if push
Format a number as a string.
Stash the values of the config values.
Permute an array with a given permutation.
Assert that num_ is a string and starts with num_.
Returns a list of regions for the given string.
Draw a bounding box artist using the renderer
Get thesegmented text from a text string.
Remove the given string from the modules db.
Check if the target is newer than the source.
Checks if the current user is a root user.
Remove the specified host from the known_hosts file
Returns True if the given string is a valid IPv4 address.
Get the name of a column if it exists else return the key of the column.
Check if the header value is valid.
Render the about page with the given context.
Returns a tuple of integers with the string and the number of the color s value.
Memoizes the get_file_map of a node.
Returns a list of payload names that can be run.
Returns a list of items limited by the specified marker.
Return True if the fake_is_smpl is False otherwise.
Convert raw_bytes to a line - oriented string.
Get the XML data for a vm
Uploads the project to the remote server.
Return True if the point is after the one passed in.
Write a windowanalyzefile. gcode file with the given filename.
Get the new derivative of an element node.
Return the not state of a subset.
Adds the path of the current platform and version to the sys. path.
Gets all the volume
Builds a Service object for the given jid and password.
Sopel. module. require_owner
Get a pack db by a pack reference.
Returns a list of all files and directories in the given path.
Replace str_ with entities
Read the net_io counters from the procfs file.
Check if the current request has associated site theme.
Print a red message about missing dependencies
paginate queryset by page and limit
Calls tubes. process. process to receive data from fastboot.
Convert the result of a query result to a country region and the city of the result.
Send the password reset notifications to the specified user.
complete a filename
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the given font family is a valid font family string.
Generate a random string of choices for the given text.
Sets module to persistent module name
Return a list of Stems with the given extension.
Returns a string if the email is not a valid email address.
Returns True if all the files in a directory exist and its subdirectories are equal.
Return data to a column family
Returns True if intlist is a list of integers.
Check if record1 is a pair of strings.
Returns the check class for a given check name and check path.
Return the class associated with the alias or raise an unknownclassalias.
Returns True if the command is currently running in interactive mode.
Remove all instances of parallel_ in the old_config if the parallel parameter is greater than
Get the terminal size.
Create a new signature scheme based on an RSA key.
Generates a generalized integer given n and bias.
Sends an email admins task email to report the progress of the document.
Print each line of text in the sequence with the position of the cursor in the terminal.
Get the current language in the context.
Get the crop geometry of the video.
Check if the fmdump is available.
Returns the value of the _get_proto_config_value.
Return the key for a tile.
Log - uniform random variates.
Read a secret from a file.
Returns a feedback message from a Message model.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the label is lumination change or not.
Pretty print the super object to p.
Makes a query string for a list of strings.
Renames a file or directory.
Get a logger given its name.
Disconnect signal from all senders.
Validate a string as a float and return the result. Raise valueerror if the string
Get the full search of the experiment.
Save an image using lopen.
Start the scheduler.
Returns a list of messages from the apps file at the specified path.
Return True if headers contains a given header name.
Check if a resource is cleanup.
Require the context to be associated with an attachment. Returns a list of volume attachment objects.
Converts a row and column number to a cell number.
Loads data from the specified settings module and returns it as a dict.
Parse the next line of a file - like object that contains a magic comment.
Adds the name of the given level to the global namespace of the module.
Returns a list of paths from the strings in a list of strings in a module.
Decode a file system path.
Attach private projects to the same owner of a queryset.
Return the result of the request.
Prepare the realm pattern.
Helper function for resize_ promo_img
A tween function that accelerates t and then decelerates it.
Add a value at a given index.
Run a list of paths asynchronously.
Check if the name is a valid base name.
Handle the response format for a task add request.
Try to guess the filtertable data from a list of blocks.
Takes either an element or a tree and returns a xml. etree. ElementTree instance.
Returns a dictionary of attributes for the machine with the given name
URLquote and quote theplus part of a URL.
Returns a list of driver names
Finds the largest number of distinct saturation values for the first node in the graph.
Returns the working function of the boolean.
Takes a list of parts or a basic service endpoint or a list of parts or a
print the number of times t
Creates a database with points and writes them to the SQLite database.
A helper function that adds a range validators to the ratingproperty field.
Wait for a process to finish.
Returns a hex string representation of an integer.
Process the given xmlelement and update the local dictionary with the value of the function that is
Print the state of the DAG.
Get the hardware address for a network interface.
helper function to run json commands
Postbuild static files after they are built.
Create a condition for a process.
Render a template into a string using a dictionary of mako_context.
Unlock a file
Get a user s contact type
Remove a device from the system.
Restarts all the httpd services for the given request and response.
Gets the Zookeeper for a given set of locations.
Return a location with the published version of the location.
Register a spec interface for a given lopt.
Filter for external URL patterns.
Check that the data returned by read_raw_brain content is in the global units
Assert that the test data is in the expected format.
Read a double precision numpy. ndarray from a file - like object.
safe version of os. path. join.
Require post to be the same origin as the image
Write a chaintext with nounmessage message to a file.
Init the trackermodule.
Check that the chart is a quadratic chart.
mult_and_reduce.
This function saves a user and returns it.
Return the ellipsoid of x.
Replace str_ with str_
Plot a list of images in a figure.
Return a list of files in the genrepo directory.
If settings. get_dvr_ needs_hvr_hvr then return the
Re - order entries in topological order.
Findseggs in a zip archive.
Fits a sample of KNN using the instance hard threshold.
shared x
Returns True if the value is in the options object False otherwise.
View the entries with the given search query.
Register the simple tag for the file attachment.
Implementation of the real sign implementation.
If s is in rcparams return it else return s. If s is in rcparams
Return the number of branches of a cluster in depths.
Create and configure an RPC - based SOAP - based application for the given services and tns
crypt the data with the given key.
Wrapper for _ospf_llsclasses. get_payload_class
Starts the number ofengines for the specified user.
Register a new verb to the stream_ framework. verbs. base import verb
Set the power state of the machine to disk.
Returns the contents of the given credentials file.
Convert binary form of text representation to text representation.
Deploys the application to the running server.
test global config line
Decode a hex encoded string.
Loads a CSS template from the database.
Returns a list of fields to include in the comment.
Migrates a resource table to a new table.
Get the revision number.
Return a list of all the directories in the specified load
Flush logs to the log file.
Get the deployment id of the app controller if it exists
Update the last sync revision for a unit in django - db
Split an array into num_ number of sub - arrays.
Reverselex -128
Delete a file if it exists otherwise raise an error.
Parses HTML from given path and returns it as plain text.
Load data from a pandas. recarray.
Return the user s home directory.
Run a Bare WSGI application.
Process the action function at the top of the template.
Create a row generator for group significance.
Perform a backup of all the backupfilters.
Returns a dashed version of a string.
Run the git executable.
Parses the given string s into a struct object.
View decorator that checks if the user is a member of the treeio login.
Computes the matrixtetragrid of the given xmlelement.
Monkey patch pyclbr. module. Function to use decorator functions.
Set up the notification transport.
Run a check.
Clears out all installed samples.
Raise an exception from a comma in the logical line.
Extract text from a text file.
get vmodl type by name
Check if a lock exists.
Open a stream from a URL.
Render an error page.
Returns a list of xblocks that have the user access to the course.
Run a Riemann test in the specified mode and return a tuple of output and
Compute the value of an obl_cv sequence.
Create an option group for the given parser and group.
assignment_tag - returns the permissions proxy for the current user on the specified page.
Return the min sum for a given form in a cachedir.
Expand a set of dimensions to a single dimension.
Delete a calendar and commit the changes to the database.
Get the whitelist of a product
Format a warning message for the given category and filename.
A with - contextmanager to lock a file.
Determine the pickle module to use.
Create a doc from the given vocab.
Helper function for those common to both strings and numbers.
Computes the tridisolve of d e and b.
Returns a list of serial ports for the current platform
Post - build hook.
Construct a socketclient client.
Destroys the reservation with the specified uuid.
Adds the user s stylesheet to the profile s scripts if it doesn t already exist.
Read the reject parameters from a file.
Remove the first occurrence of num_ from the string s.
Match a pattern to a pattern or term.
Return the time of the file.
Read at most size bytes from a file - like object.
make numlist in p to be a list of numlist
Return the gradient of f with respect to v.
Return demographic data.
Upload a distribution to the remote host.
Default error handler.
Returns True if the named service is enabled.
Read a string from a file.
Removes a list of volumes from the system.
Validate a JSON value according to an opfjsonschema file.
require certain requirements by using post - load hook if necessary.
Add a task to a queue.
Return a trustroot from the contents of the given directory path.
Get a layer given its name.
Decode a sequence of bytes with a null - terminated sequence.
Returns the solution to the s3rest controller.
Yields objects from a stream or string.
Process the given elementnode
Helper function to determine the device class.
Decorator to define a function to be used as a function.
Runs a test function with the given arguments.
Context manager to patch the search_fields of a model.
Simplify the given parser_return node.
Loads a configuration from a JSON file.
Get a netgeardevicescanner instance
Create a file if needed.
Return the index of the dictionary.
The entry point for the protruding glyphs script.
Writes the adminfile to a file.
Format the firstexc line.
Initialize a new Enforcer.
Compute a stochastic model anal.
Return the value of the attribute of the node named by the given attribute name.
Gets the list of recently published exp_summary dictionaries.
Gets a new flowrepository and returns it.
Create a new index from a protobuf.
Return a list of slots for the given period and increment the time slot times by increment.
Load a single model by name.
Check the value of the environment variable named name for the specified user. If value is none
Play media list player.
Set the version to the given version string.
Return True if name is not in get_all.
Get the tricomplex matrix for a list of words.
Calculate the column width.
Check if a file looks like a tool XML.
Imports all the modules in a given directory recursively.
test_time function.
Extract extraneous whitespace from a logical line.
Delete a resource by uuid.
Delete all the given pages but the given path.
Resizes the given image to the given maxwidth.
Get a path from a hatchpattern.
Return a list of blockers the given user is a member of.
Update the symlinks of the X. 509 certificate.
Test if the raw data contains a specified number ofchannels and events.
Return a list of the available plugins that are available on the server.
Returns the next url for a given request.
Gets the metadata for a blob.
Returns a list of the IDs of all settings a user has changed for a particular site.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the minc is empty or not.
Splits a string into a list of strings where each string is either a string or a
Votebynode - > votebynode - > voteby
Convert a value to text.
This is a test function that uses the get_xdg_dir function to reload the
Computes the log - likelihood of the difference between two matrices a and b.
Raise exception. forbidden if the specified context is not a user context.
This is a test for Gi2 that can be imported using the test_source method
Create a new API with the given name and description.
Log out the session and remove it from the backend.
Given a list of regions return a list of regions where each region is a subset of the
Tidy a string into a lowercase string.
Recursively copy files from source to dest.
Returns a tuple of bool_ and str_ where bool_ is either True or False.
Report a screen name to the screen.
Installs a test package via package pip. mark. bzr.
Delete a manifestation from a dataset.
Recursively walks the JavaScript scopes in the given scope.
Parses the enviroment from a yaml string.
Patches the cache headers in the response if necessary.
Register a neighbor with argument checks.
Computes the absolute difference between two numbers.
Convert values to a scalar if the values are of the same dtype or if the values are
Returns True if point is in the pointtable of the loop.
Get the pillar for a specific minion
Return the incoming invitation.
Create a version database for each content type.
Adds a server to the namespace. Returns a boolean if the server exists or if the
Escape a given string.
Lock a document.
Post - process an e - file.
Asserts that the given string is in the current directory.
Converts an image to a tf. sequenceexample.
a = num_ if c = num_ then return a else if c = num_
restrict the vertices of a forward frame to another frame.
case view for file upload
generate edges between v and e where e is the normal of v where e is the normal
Gauss - Spline.
Generates triples of the CSR matrix a.
Find the skips in the given start directory.
Check if a function is decorated with a property.
Helper function for np. any_null_rows
Yield egg or source distribution objects for a URL.
Create a v.' offer.
Returns a cluster object
Find a guest by name.
Set the location of the option.
require all instances of a context type
Clears all the sessions in the collection.
Move a file or directory.
Returns a rotation matrix that rotates around the tricomplex axis.
Convert text into an int or string.
Disconnect the signals for the entry model.
Helper function to wait for one or more spot instance requestfulfillment requests.
Return the hash of a file
print usage of command
Runs the app context download and returns the number of cached images.
Get a scanner for a specific domain.
Show browser forms.
Returns an attribute of the given access object.
Save an attachment to a file.
Convert a string to a unicode object.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the user can download the project or not.
Indent each line of text by spaces spaces spaces spaces.
Returns a list of Qt objects for the given object.
Extracts a list of capabilities from a string.
Returns True if the host has an associated pair of ip and alias.
Returns True if the ip is a public ip otherwise False.
Read plist from file.
Log the current page hit to the history.
Main network module.
Adds vera devices to the vera_devices.
Returns a document and a fallback reason if it doesn t exist.
Runs a test that exits with an error.
Uninstall a configuration module.
Shortest path between source and target.
Upgrade the volume type projects.
Computes a step function for a series of values.
Return a list of the topics matching the search criteria.
Import object namespace.
Adds extra_paths to sys. path.
Adds new_flags to flags.
Create a new query node.
Create a cache security group.
Split a test name into two parts.
core helper function. Returns the full current url for the current request.
Plot the boot traces for the bootstrapped data at boot_data. t.
Return the time in seconds since the start time.
Perform an HTTP POST request.
square - sort an array.
Waits until num_ tasks are done waiting until timeout is reached.
Hash the contents of a file.
Assert that the output of pip show verbose usingifiers.
Create a message for an extra list.
Release a previously created mediaplayer.
Combine a list of details into a single dict.
Create a column from a string or list of strings.
Execute a flush operation.
Get the size of the terminal window.
Convert a file time to an epoch time offset.
Returns a formatted version of the date_format.
detach acceptms originating packet.
Load an image from an image.
Splits text into shell - like strings.
Returns a list of system - specific scripts that are not system specific.
Returns the number of hidden names.
Check the locale of a simple wiki template.
Get proxy info from environment variables
Set the utime of a file
Returns the path to the xtool executable if it exists.
List all the volumes in the given dataset. Raises an error if the dataset is not
Execute the test docstrings and return None.
Decode a string escape from Python 2.
Check if the condition matches the given check_object.
Filter the s3. Filter object for the ~photutils. hms_h
Recursively sort nodes in post - order.
Resets a password reset form.
Returns the MD5 hash of the data dictionary to be used with O Noklassn
Create a pre_compute function for the given object.
Tokenize a string and assert that it contains hystring.
Helper function for _process_tools_arg.
Return a list of ip addresses for a given host.
Calls the forecast API and returns the json response.
Get metadata from filename by regular expression.
Discretizes a 2d discrete quadrature model into a 2d array of values
Parse flags.
Get a single artist from a string.
Ping the server and return a boolean value if an exception is raised.
Returns a linkline with the link start index and end index.
Computes the Subterm term of a polynomial.
Process the messages in a multiprocessing consumer.
Run a bernlivector reparametrization trick test.
Context manager for pending warnings.
Acquire a new connection from the client pool before each request.
test for bindertest. keywordderived. newslot
Returns a list of the names of the dataset
Wait until an object is build
Returns a string representation of the IP address.
Try to hash x except typeerror.
Parse the assignment of a string to a number of decimal digits.
Make sure that all_sources have the same name as the name of the source file.
Block until a network address is available or until timeout is reached.
Create a new identity.
Refine the transpose of the expression.
Associate an instance profile to a role.
Connect to AWS.
Process the child nodes of an XML element node
Return a list of words that are not in the string chunk.
Generate a signed JWT from a service account file.
Get the size and properties of an image
Get a field from a model with a list of path.
Parse the command line arguments and prompt the user for a password.
Return the variable length of the integer i.
Register a hook for email notification.
Assert that the setsourcemodel is the same as the setsourcemodel in the filter filter
Load creds from a file.
Marks a volume type access add to the context.
idd_copycols returns a copy of the columns that are the idd_copy
Compute the 2 norm of a matrix.
Installs the xonshimporthook into sys. meta_path.
Calculate the dup quoground of a field.
Copies the contents of src to dst. buffer_size is the size in bytes
Handles the response_format for treeio_login_required and module_admin_
Substitute string s with context in context.
This function transforms the results from PyPI s XML transformation to the expected format.
daemonize the process.
Helper function to format the stdout of the get_firewall_status call.
Computes the cumulant kappa from a list of moments.
Split indices into two - way parts according to the percent percent_c and percent_a
Returns a normalized path from the user s home directory.
Divide two monomials.
Returns a zip file of the selected submissions.
Retry an image.
Extracts images from an image file.
Yields two random values for assignment of x and y.
Contextmanager that updates the requirements in the context.
Returns the value in the argument list that is the last value in the argument list.
Main entry point for the command line tool.
Delete a logging sink.
Get the parent child from an xpath string.
Read a record from a text file.
Verifies that the iface is not implemented by the candidate interface.
Returns the version number of the running command.
Get shadowed user by its name.
Log a compute error.
Get a policy by name.
Check if a string ends in the end of the line.
Construct a doc2author dictionary from a corpus and its authors.
Computes the projection and modelview matrices.
Update the endrec of a 64 - bit zip file.
Computes a set of ndigits vectors for the dataset x and y.
Create an arc polygon.
Call the rar executable with the given list of params.
Check user authentication using basic auth.
Return a range of the given skiprows.
Returns True if all digits in a string are present in a number group otherwise False.
Returns the absolute path to the plugin s directory.
Return a list of regions sorted by name.
Get a subset from a bitstring.
Parse a query string using the Content - Type header.
Create a record with the attributes of an sa table.
Validate max_staleness.
Get the status code and text of a given command.
Create a table of all string values in a workbook.
Import a file from a zone
Test tag for dummymodel.
traverse a dictionary and return the keys
Generate a font configuration pattern from a data dictionary.
Return a list of functional areas in the view.
Add a hit to the query result.
Returns a div with label and widget applied to row_id.
Return line numbers of multi - line strings.
Calculate the chi2 stats of a sample.
Test function that normalizes x h w.
Convert the raw_value of the option to a dictionary.
Adds fields to a document.
Takes a string and returns a standardized version of it.
Convert a scipy. sparse. series to a sparse series.
Return the contents of the log buffer.
Render a single inline field.
Read cinder configuration.
Iterate over elements of getter in action.
Check options for invalid platform configuration.
Return the plugin name.
Turn off the named state
Parse command line arguments.
Return string in camelcase.
Decorator to define a function as a scope.
Validate a levels.
Swap bits in a string
Initializes the manager.
Returns a list of relationships between two packages.
Get the IPv4 address associated with the given host.
Set a stream logger with the specified name level and format_string. If format_string
Returns the URL to the backend for the given entry.
Filter the given value to a timezone - aware datetime.
Parse the pattern of a pattern.
Helper function to dispatch a single hook.
Calculate the solarize of an image.
Check that the dipole is a valid length for testing.
Recursively convert the XML tree into a dict.
Returns xl_range_abs for given sheet and cell range.
Return the number of tasks in the given session.
Read a layout from an io. IO file and print the read layout.
Write the theme XML document.
Set a value in the config file.
Change the user id of a user
Yields the whitespace around the operator in logical_line.
Show the details of a name.
Enable or disable a source.
Calculates the mean of the values in inlist.
Update websettings settings.
Sends an email to the user after the given invoice.
Serialize obj to str using the actionencoder.
Returns the user s auth info as a dictionary.
Send email after import email.
Setup the platform.
Return the color style from ansi style string.
Format a slice of key_val according to dim.
Converts an IPv6 address into a text string.
Return the year of the project for the given record. If the record is not present then
Loads the test fixture for the current app.
Return a generator yielding language tokens for the given language match.
Create athriftpy SSL context.
require that the request is authenticated and the twitter user is authenticated
Return the directory of the topfile.
Add CORS rules to a bucket.
Returns a string of money in words.
Log and raise a runtime error in the celery task.
Sends the translations for the given string.
Deletes the specified API.
Returns the utc millesecs in seconds since the epoch.
Returns a debug representation of an object.
Reads the content of a URL and returns it as a string.
Runspylint on the specified file.
const_map_item = p_const_map_item
Retrieve the credential for a tenant.
Returns True if b1 and b2 are broadcastable.
Returns a list of the checks that require a reboot.
Replace str_ with str_
Decorator to register a function as the at exit function.
Register a canonicalize function.
Generate a new random id
Converts the given data into a fingerprint.
A wrapper for requests. get which is deprecated in API v2. 0. 0.
Yields all files in a directory.
Get the default locale for an object.
Change the quota size in this case it s different from what it would be.
unset quota volume
Get all repository dependencies for the given metadata_id.
Safely get the host value from the settings. allowed_hosts list or tuple.
Return a figure manager given a single figure and number.
Returns the information associated with the given collection.
Parse the log to a dict.
Check if a file is a file with a certain number of words.
Evaluate an old assump pred.
Start the debugger and register the adap.
Find the platform and atomic group for a host.
Returns the properties of a managed object.
Returns an iterator over the client objects associated with the given search query.
Get windowanalyzefilegiventext.
Returns the response object for the campaign endpoint.
Determine if the key is in the hassubstring.
Returns a JSON object containing thehist of the codet.
Joins a string with a suffix and returns the new string.
Resolve the next URL and redirect to the fallback URL if it s not safe.
Attempt to parse a package s version into a string.
Calculates the number of triangles in the creation_sequence
Hastemplating the error message in the context of the current request.
Escape a string.
Check if a model should be considered valid by a given set of filters.
Returns a human - readable string representation of seconds.
Get all the datasources in the Sh Sh Sh Sh Sh Sh Sh Sh Sh Sh Sh
Make model. fastfn function from list of values.
Turn an angle into an angle that is less than or equal to num_.
Build an s3 rheader
Helper function to set the model dict.
Generate a random API key.
Computes the log - sum of the log - sum of the log - sum of
Redirect to the canonical file.
Create a random binary DBM.
Get the function to embed the given shells.
Return the end of the string after the current position.
Convert name value to dict.
Handle application errors.
Set a config variable
Locate the application name and raises an error if the name is not the same as the
Returns a list of all permissions for the given opts.
Returns the origin route for the given string.
Check the BCS lengths in mapping_data.
Write a value to the device queue.
Set a boolean parameter
Resets the builtins dir to the default directory.
Puts all streams in the mock stdout.
Wrap a traceback in the info table.
Return the checksum of a string.
Returns the source code of the given object as a string.
Get the course creator status
Registers the inclusion_tag for the given string.
Print out the vminfo of a given virtual machine.
Compress payload.
Prompt user for input on Windows system calls.
Print the grammar from the input string and parse it into a dependencygrammar.
Delete a volume type extra specs.
Guess the number of streams given a size.
Perform an HTTP GET request with the given path and return the response as a JSON object.
Delete the index when the instance is deleted.
Get frontoverwidth addxlist ylist
Decrypts the provided ciphertext using the provided key.
Return True if p is ben or p is ben or p is ben_
hardlink a file or directory.
drop_epochs_mult.
Escape a URL value.
Ensure that the specified event source mapping is absent.
Print a benchmark for the given function and its arguments.
Encodes the fields and files into a multipart formdata string.
Returns True if the current user is the admin of the system.
Show the details of an existing load balancer
supply item category
Spell command hook.
Returns True if the context processor is enabled for the given string.
Validate a station string.
Get the minimum vector by a 3 - vector path.
Tries to decode the base64 - encoded value into a Python object.
Publish a file from source to destination.
Add or update the config of the proto library.
Determine if theengineserior process is running.
Install one or more pecl packages.
Assert that the environment s shell_env is the same as the one passed in.
get elementnode of evaluatedlinkvalue
Register the inclusion tag for the given string.
Close a db by name.
Clean up whitespace in statement. text.
Get information about a given device.
Determine the path to the git repo if it exists.
Parse the dsymutil output.
Calculate the expected bar value for a given asset and date.
Create a header from the given sequence of decoded_seq.
Get the routing table for a given IP version.
Adds the specified vhost to the system.
Get a newactorer that uses the given fixers.
Return the list of format modules for a particular language
Parse the compiler output.
Returns the absolute path to the mrjob file.
Log summary and wait until a certain message is received.
Returns a list of the name of upstart services.
Returns a list of github versions in a given project.
Subtract the zeros in the input node nt from the input node nt.
Runs a set of upgrades on the given store.
Runs the ProwL API test and returns the result.
Process the events from the event queue.
Wrapper function to determine whether or not the underlying G77abi is available for this info.
Registers the given function in the context and calls the callback with the given value.
Return True if the type of item is a sequence type.
Places queens r c d g.
Clears the watcher on the given connection except a referenceerror.
Get the local IPv6 addresses of the system
Compare two strings using the secure == operator. Returns a boolean value that is True if the
Resolve a name to a module name.
Clear the cache of the Redis database.
Returns True if element is a part of element.
Release a database connection.
assertraises an exception.
Update the metadata for a snapshot.
returns the id of the hypersearchwinning model that is associated with the given job id
Set a layer rule.
Returns a gcode path for a given type and a given point.
Returns the media url of the context function at the specified path.
Kill the given processtree in the current process.
Sends a notification to the mini application.
Returns the list of sub - group objects for a given user and site.
Parse a list of linters into a list of strings.
Returns the bind address if it is a string or if it is a string or if it
Change of brightness state.
Cumulative op.
Generate a random graph.
Sets the default app to use.
Returns the first value of a sequence.
Removes quotes from a string. Returns the string at the end of the string.
Check if the address is a string and if it is a tuple and if it is a
This is a task to clean up the i18n string
Return a new function object with the func_code and func_globals merged with newglobals
Get the text of an element node in the svg if necessary.
receiver for pre_save signal
Get the name and version of a package.
Return a list of functions in the cmodule that have the given names arrays and dtype.
Computes the power - law of a polynomial.
Test if a value is evenly spaced.
Returns the sub IRC color associated with the given IRC match.
Render the given template with the given context.
project time day
Check if an ip is in a subnet
product of lists s_list1 and s_list2
Returns a list of addon objects that have the total reviews of num_.
Returns the xfs inventory output
Returns a decorator that ensures that the student has all the tasks in the course that have been
Convert a HSV tuple to a tuple of RGB values.
Test the calling method of x. meth.
Returns the Determinerunner function of the given TAC file.
Computes the k langosis of an iterable.
Run fit on a single class
Returns a string representation of the given bytestring.
Returns a list of ranges for a given header value and content length.
Returns True if new_prefixes is a subset of orig_prefixes.
Check if the condensed nearestne neighbour is a member of the cnn_sk
Initializes the higher - order autoencoder.
Format the string representation of the line and column of a line and column.
Parses the log message and returns a tuple of the user device op class and method name
Read images in a directory and convert them to numpy array.
Registers the handler to the agent.
Get pillar data from url and log errors
Match the string if the pattern matches and return the match object otherwise none.
Resolve the given URL relative to the environment.
Wmc view for a map.
Cluster a set of vectors using k - means clustering.
Create an empty file named filename.
Backwardeye matrix.
Returns the enforce file path or None if it doesn t exist
Classify a single image.
Move the organization s users from the provider field to the source field.
Hug. static function.
Helper function to update an image s flash parameters.
Return the resource at the given path relative to project root.
Parses the source file and returns the string representation of the file s contents.
Rename src to dst if src exists otherwise rename dst.
Return True if the given header is in the header or False if it is not in the
Decode the error arguments.
Render the given template strings using the given template dictionary.
Import an image from the imgadm
constructor for cuda shared variable
This is a property that can be used to patch utils. desaturationate in order
Return the session for a reply channel.
Instantiate a proxy tuple.
Builds the documentation for the specified branch
Synthesize the nonce from s and key.
Create a connection viewer.
Put away an object.
Removes a service from a workspace if the user has permission to do so.
Creates an inventory object
Retrieve the networks associated with a project.
Returns a constant if x is a sparse variable otherwise return x.
Compute statistics using scipy. stats. binned_statistic
Return the center of eccentricity g.
Convert a string array to a numpy array.
Get the number of documents in a particular language.
Return the common dtype of the given columns.
Run database migrations online.
Log hooks to the server
Activate the given language.
This is the method that is used to send a new password form.
Returns the assignment type of a user group.
The entry point for wsgirequest.
Render a cdf and return an array of values.
Test case of rename_channels.
Expand command - line arguments in an expanded list.
Get theoverhang support angle.
Check if a network address is work - set.
Get the git name from the repository directory and the git directory.
Returns the filter value in JSON format.
Parse the content of the ACL v2 response.
Substitutes string_ with str_ with str_
Returns a list of regions for the specified region name.
Sets the default values for the sql_opts and sqlite_db config.
Check if a test string is in an abstfn and skip the test if it contains
Drop the specified field from the expression.
Set the default colormap to jet. Draw if interactive.
picklestringi - returns a tuple containing the string and the position of the current string
Get the results of a function
Recursively call fix_unicode_array and fix_unicode_array functions in a dict
Register an optimizer function for the GEMV optimizer.
Converts a set of settings from server settings to a string
Convert a list of revs to a list of dicts.
Split a path into the last node.
Returns a function that checks if the user requires a login
Handle the response_format for treeio_login_required and treeio_login_
segmented view function that checks if the request. post contains a value for the request.
Convert a string to a JSON string.
helper function to register a gitlab hook
Check if a sheet is writable.
Handles the derivatives of the next legender function.
Return a list of sysv services
Calls the setup function of the registered packs in the virtualenv.
Return the version number of the distribution as a string.
Return the rheader for the given resource.
Return the version number of the minion
Report deprecated property usage.
Require the node to be associated with an admin context.
Process the elementnode before printing it to the console.
Create a regular expression that matches a string with a given mask.
Render the template with the given context using the Cheetah template package.
Get the MAC address of the local node
Return the square root of n from a.
Make sure that the minion is virtual
Return a string with all of the XML references in s.
Get the user s auth password
Returns an event response.
Return the name of the module.
Return a list of filenames and a list of class names for each file in the flower
Shows the delta between the current bot s memory and the given trigger s memory.
Release a previously created instance of an object.
Get an attribute value by name.
Converts a domain name to a filename.
Assert that the test unit is dimensionless tosi.
Join the current working directory and its working directory.
Transforms an array to a list of values.
Write out a text file.
Pastes a Paster application into a Paster application.
View function that checks that a user is logged in.
Return the discrete attributes of a domain.
Imports the compute API class.
Wrap the results of an array of values of a given dtype.
Validate disk_format and container_format
Return the number of file descriptors to use or the default.
Splits the training and test sets into train and test sets.
Serializes a tar info object.
Displays the string representation of the orgorganisation. Creates a new instance of the org
Get the lowest priority of a given string.
Finds a host in the inventory and prints it as a JSON string.
Writes the first line of the given string to the given file.
Sets stockbasics in the database
Reset the audio stream clock.
Create a new instance of cls containing the keys of names in obj. __dict.
Return a list of all upgrades in the system.
Init function for pyo. server.
Parse a file and return a documentnode.
Returns the waterbutler URL for the given route and node.
Displays the user info and redirect to the api view.
Encrypt the password if it s not already encrypted.
Updates the value of t. value to be a constant.
Adds pillar by the order of the names in the list of faces.
Return the class documentation at the specified path.
Change a to b if a < num_ and b < num_.
Build a no - log generator for a container.
Update a model instance only if it has changed.
Sample from the standard normal distribution.
Return the phrase extent for the head of the tokens at head_index.
Check if a module is a package
Builds the m3u file name for a given file name.
cleanup test source date epoch
Returns a configuration dictionary for the named ssh configuration.
Validates that the URL is a link to the owner of the given instance.
Get a random n bit integer.
Create a routes. mapper. Map for a given set of declarations.
Loads the pickle file at the specified path.
Computes the minor components of a matrix.
Assert that am and eo have the correct shape and type.
Returns a URL with a force - quoted version of the URL.
Default on success handler.
Scan photo database.
Sort a dictionary.
Authenticate the LTI user and switch to the LTI user if the user is not
Check if n is a probable prime.
Delete a chain from a table
Parse a string and return an AST node for it.
Escapeabbr in text.
Rebuilds the root module of the current class and adds the new root module of the
Loads data from the given fixtures dict.
Return the finder for the given path.
Encode input to output.
Expand brackets in a string.
Register a inclusion tag for the given string.
Selects the option in icon_path from icon_path.
This is a helper function for the demo_verbose_rule_format function. See the
Setup the devicemaster device platform.
Attachepicstatuses to a queryset.
find feature files within a directory
route function for the calendar resource.
Delete one or more blob keys asynchronously.
Gets all network records by an instance.
test function for get_new_command
Recursively get the types of patterns that match pat.
Prompt the user for a password.
Load the data into a numpy. ndarray.
Set the extension of an S3 URL.
Gets the etcd connection associated with the profile.
Ensure that the string translation is correct.
Check if we are running under the correct version
Write a mapping of static user groups to a file.
Asserts that certain exceptions are raised and that their message is in the caplog.
Return the taxed price for the given item.
Returns True if p canon_bp False otherwise.
Return a list of tokens for the prompt
Helper function to create a user list.
Attach user story extra info to a queryset.
Return a list of manifest files with the given extension.
Runs a command in a subprocess and returns its output.
Given an element node and a translation vector return the translation vector of the element node.
Hashes a file.
Registers the agent typeovs handler.
Remove an index from a media list.
Change the action of the form.
try to convert to int or float except valueerror
Change the color map of the input image to use the current color map.
Create a primary key field.
Get all instance changes that match the current state
Delete a policy.
Fit a neighbourhoodcleaningrule to a nearest neighbors of a nearest neighbors and sample
customise the fields used in the org resource table
Read fragment file.
Format size with prefixes and suffix.
Sends one or more mails.
route to list samples by user.
Convert a bytes to a string if it s a string. If it s a bytes type
Shortcut to build a fireplace URL.
Encode a Morsestring into a Morsestring with the specified separator.
Clear the current state of the minion.
Runs Horcmgr and returns the result.
Runs the script s pip command and asserts that the lines in the stdout are not
Gets the transcripts and saves them to the store.
Start the notification server.
Returns a response with the close message.
Calls subprocess. Popen with the path to the given file.
Returns a dependency graph for the given package list.
Runs the test runner and asserts the stdout lines of the test.
Return a list of database names
Rename similar files.
Parse a query string into a dict.
Get all merged prs between start_ref and end_ref.
Return True if the values in comparee are not equal to the values in source.
Get a value from the index.
Filter the queryset of products for a user.
Sanitise a base32 string
A test for ioerror if the given file is not a replay file.
Tight layout for comparison of two images.
Parse the string representation of an attribute type.
Parse a string into aroman number.
Preprocess the node before loading it into a pkl object.
Register a callback to be invoked when logging information is received.
Set disk timeout in seconds for the given power scheme.
Returns a boolean indicating whether a command has an executable executable.
Computes the normal distribution of the log - likelihood of the given dirichlet.
Get a file from a URL or buffer.
Generate a property from a template file
Revoke a certificate from a project.
Unquote and parse a JSON document.
Calculates the fibon n times a + b and returns it.
Add a point on a path to a pixel table.
Convert an etree element to a queue.
Remove article from string.
Draw a demo tree.
Get the number of epochs
assert that the user is an admin in the request if the request user is not an admin
Create a css gradient from a base color.
Verify that the virtualenv is up - to - date.
Pretty - print a string.
Remove module from configuration if it is not a module or if comment is set to True comment
Computes the standard deviation of a given number of samples.
Context manager to change the current working directory.
Loads a yaml file.
Returns a repository writer with the specified title.
Returns the path to a photo file.
Rollback the configuration.
Add one or more trait names to the base object.
Default render failure handler.
Loads the fixture from a JSON file in the testutils. fixture_path.
Test forlex_expression_float.
Recursively decipher a string or list of strings.
Return a representation of a column dict.
Check if a point is inside a polygon.
Get the return data type of a function.
Return the string representation of s if s is none or s. If s is a string
Shuts down the dev_process.
Returns a function to create a mattrgetter function for the given attrs.
Get the PID of the parent process.
Log the path to the log files for a given task.
Convert text to a qcolor if text is a string.
Download a file using utils. data. download_file
Return the lines of the previous lines of a file.
Entry point for the celery command.
Return a list of the rooms the client is in.
Create the ports tree
Add string to tracklist.
Makes an entity protobuf for a query.
Register a new inclusion tag for the given string.
Yields the number of lines that should be imported from filename.
Discretizes the bilinear 2d dataset.
If settings. use_tz and value is a naive timezone return the value in the current
Encode a list of control tuples.
Get the usernameuid of the current user.
Close the XML document root.
Loads the experiment at the given path
Returns a string representation of the number of hours in the given number of minutes.
Show the specified server and profile.
Set the logger for the class.
Decorator to remove the function s docstring.
Returns the difference between seq1 and seq2.
Convert a time t to b hex
Makes sure that the user is a globalstaff and has the option to jump to a
Get the limitconn_shared_memory value
Start the specified engines.
Wrapper for talib. ppo
Get or create the identifiers for a doi
Load a texture from a file.
Return a list of n random keys from a dictionary.
Returns the basepath if it s a directory. If it s a file it will be
List all meta fields.
This is a test for a file that has unicode characters in it.
Log an error if the function is not callable.
View to access the log level of the current user.
Open the specified log file in the specified mode.
Gets the latest version of the git repository.
Split mappings. symbol == mappings. symbol == mappings. asset == mappings. asset == mappings
Delete a key based on a regular expression
Loads a random one - hot dense design matrix.
Run a script with an extra directory.
Run a test proxy POST request.
Pretty - print a list of strings.
Add a host key to the user s SSH configuration.
Get the details of a certificate.
Returns the disk type of the vm
Assert that index is a product of levels.
Gets a Joysticks job id from stdin. Returns the job id.
Get the bounding box of the given text.
Given a list of possible dups expand them.
Returns True if the database exists otherwise False.
Defines the path to the state file.
Exit the actions group if the number of actions is greater than the specified number of actions.
Gets the polar motion value at the specified time.
Create an hdf link to the optimizations of the main dataframe.
Adds a command to the context.
Check if a release has failed
Make value naive with the specified timezone.
Convert a URL to a fully qualified string.
Converts a datetime to a number of microseconds.
Recursively find allloaded variable names in a code object.