Fill a kernel with n elements.
Build a tree structure from a queryset of mptt objects.
Unserialize a packer dict into a dict.
match emr step stderr
Return a random integer between 0 and n. If n < = 0 return random integer.
Return True if x is a sparse variable.
Set the size of the pipe buffer. This is used to determine the size of the pipe
Test the vi block editing mode.
scale a time array by a given unit. unit can be a number or a string.
Test the preprocession of the current process. This is done by preparing the current process
Use one or more plugins in the context of a context manager.
Create a directory with a name with slashes or backslashes.
Return True if the salt string is a virtual machine or False if it is a virtual machine
Decorator to make sure a function is expected to return a string. If the function is not
Test the topo of a remote machine.
Get the cached userman profile for a given user or create a new one if it doesn
Configure the frontend and ui hostnames in the given config object.
Generate a hashed version of a file with the given filename prepared options and thumbnail extension.
The main entry point for Sentry.
Validate a list of requirements and return a list of invalid requirements.
Fetch a single value from a cursor. Return None if no value was found.
Return the module name and the type of the module at modpath. If path is none
Get the next response from the socket.
Filter OAuth parameters from a dict or a list of dicts.
Show a list of locations permitted for the logged - in user. If no user is logged
Remove trailing lines from a list of lines.
Create a comment effect.
Return a list of fields for a given model and field name. If the field does not
Check if the given text is a valid string.
test strf index
Parse command line arguments and run EOG clean command.
Write an instance of an object to a file - like object - like object - like object
Generate a word usage for the given text.
Create a subscription on a topic.
Return a statement that is the inverse of the given clause.
Get a virtual interface by ID.
Returns a dictionary with the version details for a given function. If the function does not exist
Return the size of the header table.
Fixes the indentation of the given code to the given number of new indents.
Parse an iterable of strings into a list of Unit objects.
Replace the line numbers in a string with their corresponding HTML code.
Get the ethereum link information for a given interface number.
Resolve the default color for the current context. If no context is currently active the default color
Create project objects from a list of target dictionaries options and msvs version.
Return a list of all the modules in the s3 database. This is a list of
Remove all cached files from the filesystem. Returns a list of errors that can be found.
Return a view with the given string as the headers.
Return a list of all the variables in the database.
Install one app. If app already exists return False. If app already exists return True.
Load a PEM - encoded string from a file or file - like object and return it as
Create a temporary directory with the given suffix prefix and parent. If parent is None the directory
Register a class as an instrumentation manager.
Make a list unique.
Get a list of all the authors who are staff.
Convert a Filetime object to a timestamp in seconds since 1601 nanoseconds.
Find a command in a list of paths. If no paths are given the command will be
Construct a new expression from a compound expression.
Check if the package is installed by package control.
Return the date and notes from a string. If the string is not a date or notes
Get all snapshots for a given project.
Perform a push operation on an object. The object must be an instance of the class or
Set the value of a key. If the key does not exist it will create it.
Setup the platform with the given config and add the devices to the hass device list.
Export a library to an XML file in the given directory.
Return a versioneer config object.
Test that a string is missing an argument in the output of pip.
Concatenate a list of lists into a single list of lists. The first list will be
Send a file to a remote server. Returns True if successful or False if unsuccessful.
Get the mysql error from the context. If there is no error return none.
Close the connection to the server. This is a no - op if the connection is not
Get the index of the point with the least length in the path.
Returns true if the graph g1 and g2 are semantic feasible and false otherwise.
Encode the result as a signed certificate. Return True if the certificate was signed False otherwise.
Set the environment to use.
Get all volume glance metadata.
Return the roots of a polynomial f in the cyclotomic order. If factor is
Test load mappings for intersphinx.
Returns a generator that yields n permutations of the input iterable. If n is less than n
Unpacts a sequence of strings into a sequence of strings.
Flattens the event into a flat string.
Render a template block with the given name. If the block is not loaded it will be
Get the http data from the stack trace. The data is stored in a dictionary with the
Return the offset in minutes of a given timezone.
Print a string to stderr.
Sort an array and count the number of elements in the array. If the array is empty
Reset the database to its initial state. This is done by removing the database file from the
Clean HTML by removing all special characters and stripping HTML entities and removing HTML entities from the
Execute a task with the given info and return the result.
Set the user s home directory. Returns True if the user s home directory is set.
Return True if s is an expression. If s is not an expression return False.
Return a boolean indicating whether the server is healthy. If the server is not healthy returns False
Return a list of all the nodes on the cloud
Get the name of a package from the recipe meta data.
Convert a value to a string.
Return an instance of the SQLAlchemy ORM class for the given arguments. If the arguments
Return the quorum of the cluster.
Convert a JSON timestamp to a Python datetime object.
Plot a random image and a patch on a matplotlib axis.
Check if the given command exists in the given path.
Get a category by id.
Attempt to invite a user to a wallpost.
Get a message by its id in the given exploration id in the given thread.
dump a mrjob configuration to a file - like object f - a file - like object
Update an existing account.
Check to see if two collections have the same schema and return True if they match.
Return a tuple with the name of the virtual machine or False if the system is not installed
Estimate the covariance of a tied response.
Calculate the precision of a node.
Show the diff of the current branch and the tracked version of the current branch.
Check if a user has a specific role.
Get the source code of an object. If the object is a class the source code is
Return the name of the virtual machine or False if it is not running on a smartos
Test iteration over evoked events.
Create a po file in the given directory and store it in the given tutorial.
Authenticates the user with the given flow and returns a httplib2. http object
Returns True if the string s is an absolute path.
Get the tab registry for the given window and tab id.
Test the output of a command with colorful output. Useful for testing the output of a
Write the contents of the journal to a file in the specified format.
Reorder doc. ents according to pattern3 and pattern4.
Compute the k - th k - th word from the word vectors in the given table.
Crawls a list of links and returns a generator that yields the results.
Split a domain into multiple domains based on a given label.
Return a list of sysv services that are disabled on the system.
Get the importer for the given path name. If the path does not exist an imp.
Determine if the kernel is a virtual kernel or not. If the kernel is a powerpath
Create a rebulk instance with a film regex.
Rastrigin skew for a list of numbers.
Get a new tower repository.
Enforces a given action for the current user in the context of the current project.
Return True if the CRC of the data matches the CRC of the check string.
Build a simple tree with a number as its left and right children.
Convert an EC2 instance id to an EC2 instance id.
Edit a service.
Coalesce the given options with the given types and return a new dictionary.
Command line interface for the command line interface. This is the main entry point for the CLI
Test that the outlined scenario tables are solved against the expected hashes.
Convert a namespace to a regular expression.
Get the credentials from the credentials file and return them as a dict.
Create a new figure and return it as a figure manager.
Check that the input is a numpy array and that it has the same shape as the input
Add parameters to the incoming dictionary with the given name prefix.
Test that the supplied header is the same as the supplied header. This is useful for testing
Take the first n elements of an iterable and return them as a list.
Replace the given register with the given value in the given flow parameters. If the given register
Read an rle bitpacked file.
Determine if the home page is products. If so set the doc. home page attribute.
Run a lazy process and wait for it to finish and return the value of the lazy process
Emit an unformatted line of text from the given state.
Get the request body for the given text.
Return the k nearest labels to the new point. The k is the number of nearest labels
Set up the BEM for the given input.
Make a password from a string. If the string is none return an unusable password.
Resolve a path to a page context. If the path is not a template or a doctype
Write a sequence of images to a file with a delta between the previous image and the sequence
Write the hyperlinks of the given worksheet to the given document.
get the casava version of a FASTQ file
Return a list of pyextensions for the given module name. If the module does not exist
Convert a hex color string to a tuple of RGB values.
Check that a domain is well - formed and that it is well - formed and that it
Returns a function that can be used to create a compound model based on the given operator.
Load the experiment description script from the given directory.
Count the number of words in a string.
Retry on an instance update conflict or unknown instance update conflict.
Compare two infos for a given number of epochs and raise an error if they are not.
Set the connection information for a given URL.
This is the main entry point for vision analysis. It is the main entry point for
Parse a range header string into a tuple of start and end integers.
Scrubs a viewpoint and shares it with another viewpoint. The viewpoint is
Build all the libraries and all the recipes.
BingImage command hook.
Search for an artist or a list of albums and return a list of tags.
Get the label string from a dictionary of strings.
Try to find a document in the default locale. If the document doesn t exist it will
Remove a file or directory from the filesystem by calling the function with the file and directory as
Get a collection of layer variables with the given name.
Repeats a tensor n times and returns the resulting tensor.
Return the number of milliseconds from a datetime object.
Get a mock request.
Read count bitpacked bytes from the given file object and return them as a list of
A test to identify a table with the given name. This test will fail if the table
Given a list of POIs and a list of filters and a dictionary of markers add them
Returns True if the configuration has been initialized.
A test function to test if a moondist is the same as the altaz mo
Clips the path if it is a WI path.
A test that requires a key exists false primitive values. This is useful when you want to
Detach a list of devices from a virtual machine.
Test that the pricing module is an active customer group pricing module.
Authenticates the user with the given realm with the given list of users. If the
Generate a new uuid with version low version mid variant and clock sequence. If node is none
Iterator over the corpus.
Create a new Fred user with the given primary group and password. The default group is
Create a new temporary file in the given family. If family is str return the name of
Get the disk usage in bytes.
Extract a zip file from a string.
Clear all flows from all open flows.
Get the geometry output by negatives and positives.
Make a test filename from a file name and a purpose.
Colorize a string according to a given color.
Direct to a template and return a response with the given content type and extra context.
Get the rotation angle from a string or number.
Finishes a task and releases any dependencies that are not in the results list.
Return the extension of a filename.
Interpolate the data with the window and apply the window to the data. The data is
Prompt the user for input.
Test a batch normalized mlp with a non - propagated learn shift propagated at alloc.
Write the given string to the given file. If the file name is not specified the first
Encode a Python object into a JSON string. If indent is specified indent will be prepended to
Create a new environment with the given options.
Get the craft sequence from the string representation of the craft string.
Get the filename and line of the raised exception. If no traceback is given the current traceback
Return True if the current platform is little endian.
Update httplib. maxline so that httplib. maxline is a multiple of num
Render a list of documents.
Get a list of notifications for the given modules config and notification count.
Return a list of all resource pools for a given service instance.
Create a poetry client and connect to the given host and port using the given timeout.
Like json. loads but throws a JSON error with a number of arguments instead of a string
Redirect the user to the home page. This is a redirect to the home page.
Return a list of all keywords in the lexer.
Generate a unique message id.
Return a view with a secure response.
Send an email to the community.
Checks if a course is blocked by the given registration codes. Returns True if the course is
Find an element by CSS selector.
Update an existing certificate in the queue.
Create a new element with the given tag attributes and sub elements.
Process an XML element into a CylinderShape object.
Check to see if a resource is absent.
Test the output of pip to find links in a list of JSON objects.
Submits a unit and its plural to the pootle database. This is a test
Evaluate the given source as a terminal value.
Generate a minkowski convex hull between a and b.
Try to parse an XML string into an ET object. If it fails return the original exception
Compute the list of allowed methods for a given resource.
Polls for events on the given file descriptor.
Test for an elemwise tensor with the same shape as a shared constructor.
Load all plugins in the given dirs. If no dirs are given all plugins will be loaded
Get the first day of the week.
Generate a list of n color brew colors.
Delete a document and log it if the user has permission to delete it. Returns True if
Convert a value to an integer.
Register the encoding checker with the given linter.
Create a copy of the given translation object.
Return a generator of hexdump values and ascii values.
Create a new chain in the nftables system.
Test cache update metadata.
Stop the session with the given module and number. If the number is - 1 the session
Setup the platform with the given configuration and add the bloom sky sensors to the platform.
Check if a password matches a hashed password.
Create a dot graph from a networkx. Di object.
Convert a byte string into an argument of a DVI object.
Register a class as a mapping type.
A simple example of how to test the functionality of the application. This is useful when you
Return the dot product of x and y.
Display the current completions like a line break or a line break if no completions are available.
Return True if the given key is a Course object.
test json response with bad request content and error message.
Temporarily redirect the standard input and output to the standard output of the given connection.
Get the content of a file from a request.
Simulates the k - nearest - neighbor model.
Return a list of available community plugins.
Returns the filename of the PC settings file. This is the filename of the PCAP file
Setup and run a subunit with a single error output.
A pagination tag that can be used as a query string parameter for pagination.
Return the full path to the auto config directory.
Generate a Garch with the given ar ma mu and scale and return the error and the
deduce a helpful message from a requirements file.
Run lettuce and assert the output is a list of lines that can be printed.
Remove arrays from the given code and return a dictionary of replacements and the number of removed arrays
Get the size of a file in bytes.
Find an option in a list of command line arguments.
Write an example config to a file in YAML format.
Make a Poisson PMF with the given Poisson PMF lam and step
Test the usage of SURF2BEM.
Get a measure from an argument and a list of units. If the argument is not a
Check the response from a GLE command.
Return a range of numbers between 0 and 4 inclusive.
Returns a string representation of the given ID.
Get a list of topics in a course.
Decorator to wrap a function in a function or a class.
Deletes keys from a QoS specification.
Query for all activities for a given user.
Get a standard reply with the given template name and doc.
Filter on wire representation.
Generate a demo of the given number.
Upgrade the database to a new version.
Compute the trace of an operator in the range [ 0 num ) where num is the number
Run a command in a shell and return its output.
Send a draft message to a remote server.
Return a list of the netstat information for this system
Redirect to the login page if the user is not logged in. If the user is not
Run a command as a user in sudo mode. If the command does not exist it will
Compile a file into a tar file.
Add bearer token to the given URI.
Test consistency of parallel samples using the theano function. This is done in parallel to avoid
Test that the minimum value of the input vector is zero.
Get a list of all categories for a given blog id username and password.
jump to the preview window
Add a new rule to the rules list. If the rule does not exist it will be
Create a stream with the given name and number of shards.
Log a message at the error level.
This is the main loop of the mestate. This is the main loop of the
Get the parent process id from the pid file.
Event handler for the raw scroll event. This is called when the user scrolls in the
Return the square root of f^ - 1^ - 1 + u^ - 1 +
Decompose a 2 - D matrix into a 2 - D matrix.
Return True if path is a directory and has a package.
Entry point for the command line tool.
Read a map from the numa. maps file and return a dictionary of address - >
Convert a timedelta to an integral number of minutes.
Test that the url to the local path is the same as the path to the local file
Convert a token to an identifier.
Return the path of the given URL.
Set up a snapshot before a script is run.
Take the first n elements of a sequence.
Test if a list of axes is a valid list of axes.
Return a list of the length of all the strings in the file.
Create a collection editor with the given data. This is a simple example of how to use
Redirect the user to the given URL.
Return a list of n elements from iterable. If fillvalue is None the elements will be
Get the base path for a given pack name.
Return a list of all the hosts on the VMware environment
Batch - determination of the input array.
Convert a resource to a project.
Return a random slice of length slicelen from a list of length listlen.
Calculate the number of seconds since the last call to this function.
Combine two flaky annotations into a single flaky annotation.
Unpublish a collection from a committer.
Remove a user from a tenant.
Make a JSON - RPC call to the given URL with the given arguments and keyword arguments.
Get a path segment at a given point. If the point is inside the loop the path
Parse the deb resolv. txt file and return the contents as a Python object.
Test array reduce ex.
Create a block device volume from an EBS volume object.
Return True if vertices1 and vertices2 are the same mesh.
Perform the suggestion for the given unit and returns True if the suggestion was successfully performed.
Return the size of the given VM
Create a getitem array tuple from the given arguments.
Test initialization of nearmiss.
Return the name of the current virtual machine or False if it is not running on a Windows
Return True if the current language is bidi.
Select the best encoding for the given output stream. If no output stream is given the default
Get the label from the given plist.
S3 RESTful RESTful interface for Nzseel2
Get the value of a config variable and check it to see if it matches the expected value
Rolls back a list of reservations to a previous state.
Check if a version of keystone is available.
download an object from a container to a local location. src can be a string or a
Shelve a server and optionally offload it if necessary.
Checks that the opened help link is the same as the given url.
Add a canvas to the list of available canvasses. If a canvas is already
Find the git directory in the current working directory and return a list of paths to it.
Get the pagination parameters from the request.
Assert that the string is a fix line and parameter and that the string is a comment.
A fixture for the afrikaans test suite. The test suite is a fixture that
Return the total physical memory in bytes.
Group a list of results by video name and subtitles.
Returns the virtual name of the environment.
Parse an ETAG string into an Etag object.
Main entry point for the simulator. This is the main entry point for the simulator
Sends an email to a user.
Return a colored version of the terminal using the color settings specified in the django. conf.
Convert a string to an ipproto string.
Return an iterator over all the lists in a dictionary.
Add information about the nearest vertices in the patch to the dictionary s. This is done by
Convert a string to an integer. If the string cannot be converted to an integer None is
Simplify a dimension expression and return it as a dimension object.
Encode an integer into a variable - length string.
Test that translated field supports migration.
Process open sockets.
Command line interface to evacuate a live server.
Similar to civita but with levi civita.
Flush the database and add the description of each customer in the next n chunks.
Make a ctf name from a directory and extra.
Allow access to a user in a course.
Revokes the specified roles from the specified user in the specified database.
Return a list of all clusters in a given datacenter
Get the keywords from a git version file.
Uniformly layout a set of points in the form of a list of points.
Generator that yields n colors in RGB format.
Get a list of acl groups filtered by the given filter.
Generator that yields tokens from a given line of text.
Get a nonphylogenetic metric by name.
Parse a query string into a Python object.
Remove stop words from a list of tokens.
Return True if the shell is an ipython shell.
Get the swap size for a given VM.
Remove a file or directory from the filesystem.
Generate urls for a given MusicBrainz ID.
Execute a script in the current working directory with the given arguments.
Return True if info is a list of strings. If info is not a list return False
Return the accepted pre and rejected keys for the specified minions directory.
test dict key completion bytes
Check if a string is a float.
Return True if the vector is bow False otherwise.
Get a series from TVDB by id.
Register a new user.
Upload files recursively to s3.
Check if a pair is the inverse of a pair.
Get the last account for a given nick.
Return True if the object is an undefined object.
Get a document from the database. If no arguments are given the current document is returned.
Get a catalog by its name.
Test to see if a random array contains an inf value.
Find a sentinel in a file.
Get the unit format from the config. If no unit format is specified the default unit format
Generate an iterator of nitems items with the given testobj. If testobj is not
Rolls back to the previous state of the minion.
Print the totals for all the results for a given string.
Return True if the node is the built - in node.
Normalizes a mode string to a string with leading and trailing whitespace removed.
Returns the priority of the element. If the element does not have a priority it will raise
Convert a datetime object to a human readable string using a fallback format. If the fallback format
Parse the egg info from the given path.
Get the raw device information for a given path.
Resizes an image to a medium size.
Unregisters the handler for the given identifier.
Wrap a command in a shell if necessary.
Updates the volume metadata.
Extract a value from a dictionary using a list of keys.
Get the geometry output by a loop. This will rotate the loop around the given element.
Migrate the search engine to elastic index.
The main function of the Qt application. This is the main function of the Qt application.
Return a dictionary with the user information.
Get a list of all the tables in the database.
Validate a dictionary of options and raise an error if any of them are not strings.
Return a random choice from a tensor with the given parameters.
Assert that a and b are identical.
Creates a temporary file with the given suffix and then deletes it.
unpack a number of bytes from a string and return the number. If the string is not
Fill the given array with the contents of the given array.
Generate a grid of points.
Reload the configuration from a yaml file if it exists. If it doesn t exist it will
Reset the quota of the bps. Do object.
Return a list of built - in data extensions.
Return a list of n colors. If bytes is set to True the colors will be bytes
Chebyshev1ap function.
Split the data into two arrays. The first argument is the data to be split. The
Test the number of x labels.
Convert data from one format to another. The data can be either a file object or a
This is the main entry point for the test. It is the main entry point for the
Return True if the minion is running on a virtual machine. If the minion is running on
Clips an object to a maximum size. If the object is already a string it will
Return True if the given changeset has previous reviews for the given repository.
Get the base directory of the current user. This is the base directory of the current user
Validate that value is a valid regular expression.
Attach a volume to a server in a given datacenter.
Remove all files in the given directory. If no directory is given the caller directory is used
Test the maxshield of a FITS file.
Write the output to a file. If the file name is not specified the output will be
Randomly shuffle a list of lists.
Yields num batches of data from the given data. The batch size is the size of
Format a dict of changes into a human readable format.
Delete instance info from cache.
Get the attributes flag from a list of attributes strings.
Convert a string to a list of integers or a slice.
Get a list of sale records for the given course id.
Check if the given text is a valid string.
Add a resource to a resource container.
Ask the user for input and return the result.
Returns a REST interface to the person s s3 REST API. This interface is used to
Test marshmallow schema.
Check if an instance profile is associated with a role.
Get chain text from a list of procedures.
Get the cgroup mount point for a given controller.
Command - line entry point for the parquet script.
Get the default time display for the given datetime object. If the given datetime object is a
Make a list of managed nodes from a list of addresses and a distribution.
Print the contents of a tag in a repository.
Convert a sympy expression to a numpy matrix.
Get a list of all nodes in the virtual machine pool. If full is set to True
Remove a block from the specified address. If the address is not a valid mac an error
Create a new resource object.
Find the first zone that matches the given name.
Check if a resource is inside another resource.
p unary expression 5
Read from the persistent store and return it as a string.
Escape a string so that it can be used as a shell command.
Url - encode a string for use in a request.
Convert data to a dummy array. If returnall is set to True then only return the
Convert a string to a boolean.
Find a tex file in the current working directory. If no tex file is found nothing is
Send a list of inventories to the client.
Get a suitable downloader for the given info dict. If no downloader can be found f is
Package the given files into the given output directory using the given template. The output directory is
Convert an IP address to an integer.
Run the convert command with the given arguments. If the convert command does not exist it will
Disable availability zones.
Get the CPU percentage of the execution of the function and return the result as a tuple.
Make a variable declaration for the given loop orders and dtypes. The variable declaration is a string
Pushes a string to the i18n queue for the release of the application.
Option to find changes for a list of techs and a list of monitors.
Add two numbers and return the result.
Render a review list box with the given addon and reviews.
Get the full group type.
Render the given template with the given context. If the template is a string it will be
Open an index singleton.
Print a list of decoders with their names longdescription and filter.
Check if the given path is a valid service.
Check that the classification target is a string or a list of strings. Raises an error if
Fit a function to the input data and return the parameters and the estimated pcov.
Check that all variables are in the same format as the variables in the given ncfileobj
Forces a job to be run if it is not already running. If it is not
Run vagrant on the remote host.
Create option values for given optionable type and options.
Test scenario with hash within single quotes.
List all the q objects in the current object.
Test that the image is in normal mode.
Write a status message to stdout if mute is set to True. If mute is
Delete a repository.
Check if a string is an IPv6 address. Return True if the address is a IPv
Get the xy value of a given read.
Decrypt data using AES - CBC.
Return a socket object for the given address.
Set the proxy settings for Windows.
Convert a list of hex values to a list of rgba values.
Return a list of revisions for a given package.
Save the photos for a user in a given device.
Temperature and Fahrenheit.
Update the version of an event. If the event does not exist it will be created.
Get the ID of an instance.
Remove all files in a given directory.
Check the connectivity of a cluster.
Initialize a module and store it in the house dictionary. This function is called when a module
Find all occurences of a pattern in a string.
Return a mark that marks the text as a URL.
Check if a list is intersecting with another list.
Sets the dirty flag for the given resources for the given tenant.
Return a set of unique ids from a list of FASTA files. If verbose is True
Augments usage errors with the given context. If the given context is not None the
Remove all files that ends with str.
Release a vlan id.
Render a template with the given args and kwargs and return the result as a string.
Calculate the GF value of a function f. f is a list of functions. a
Transpose the expression to the left - to - right order.
Check if a value is a string.
Returns a dictionary of the task coverage.
Monitor the state of the named service. If the service is not running it will try to
Expands asterisk for column names in the expression.
Test the collect function for a 4 - dimensional array. This is done by checking that the
Compare two records by their keys.
List all the groups in the system.
Return a list of command line arguments for the systemctl command.
Returns a list of pages that are siblings of page2 along path to page1.
Write content to a file. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Replace the contents of a file with a new file with the given data.
Return a connection string for the given backend user passwd and database. If no backend is given
Test if an entry is present in the specified set. If the entry does not exist it
Check if user is welcome in osf4m mode. If it is it will upload
Set the icon for a given file. If the icon already exists it will be overwritten.
Load a module and return its contents as a dictionary.
Find an approval for a given object id.
Returns the desktop module with the given name or None if it doesn t exist.
Check if a tool can be eliminated by a given dependency type and version.
Encode rawbytes into a string. If the length of rawbytes is not a multiple of
Set the domain from a string. If the string is a URL it will be converted to
Check if the DNA characters are valid. If barcodes is True barcodes will be
Split a list of strings into a dictionary of strings.
Factory function to create a ticker from a span and a number of ticks.
Remove all modules with a string name from the sys. modules list and reset the matplotlib rc
Installs a signal handler for the given file descriptor. Returns the fd of the previous handler
hadoop fs mkdir - p
Return True if the current system is a BSD.
Returns the greatest common divisor of p and q.
Test if a user has been removed from a viewpoint.
mocked get recording by id
Get a key from the cache for a given namespace. If increment is set to True increment
Print a deprecation warning for a given unit in a given standard name with a given format.
Substitutes the str in the type name with the str in the type name.
Get a lock on the current work station.
The main entry point for the command line tool. This is the main entry point for the
Return the hash of a thesubdb file. If the file is larger than the
Set the verbose level of the program.
Create the maildir if it doesn t exist.
Get a flavor s extra fields. If raw is True return a list of extra fields.
Get the status of a data push job from the datapusher service.
Unpack a string into a list of lines. The output is expected to be a list of
Create a temporary access rule.
Returns a list of tuples containing the keys and values of all members of the given object.
Convert a DKL array to an RGB array.
Test the correct case of a package file.
Display a list of all chart objects in the treeio administration area.
Build a simple list of random patterns and a list of simple patterns.
Return a function that undocures the docstring of the given function.
Lock the node with the given name. If the node is already locked the lock will be
Parse a preference file and return a dictionary of key - value pairs.
Display the current version of CloudBot.
Calculate the variance of a time series.
Group a list of items by a function that takes a single item and returns a dictionary of
Test inverse operator noise cov and rank.
Convert a matroska date to a datetime object.
Return a boolean indicating if the system is running on a Linux system.
If t is a conditional expression return it. Otherwise return t.
Return whether the given secret can be decrypted by the given user.
Check if the given drive is a mount point on the given root.
Returns True if symptom caching is enabled and the cache backend is a string.
Filter a release name based on a list of words. Return True if the release was filtered
Return the path to the vbox command
Parse a template string and return a template object. If the string is not a valid template
Return a list of values that are in vlist. If vlist is not a list
A shared constructor for numpy. random. random_state.
Unsubscribe a user from a list of newsletters or a list of mozillians
Assign a user to a page.
Dump the memory of the current process into a temporary file.
Rolling vwap the volume of a dataframe to a given length and return a series of
Get the bench name from the bench object.
Join a list of paths into a single path.
Kotanchek - Kotanchek
Celery task for archiving files.
Execute a command and return its output and error.
Remove noise characters from a string and replace them with a string with a string with a string
Display a preview of the user s answer.
Read a string from a file - like object and return it as a string.
Test smote of wrong kind.
Test the database connection.
Test the list of projects modified since a given date.
Remove a file or directory from the filesystem. If the file does not exist it will be
Find a smart path based on a list of challbs and a list of possible combinations
Parse a media string and return a media object.
Make a dense tensor from a list of targets and a list of noclass classes.
Stop running containers.
Get the phred quality of a record.
Find a UUID by name and label.
Return statistics about the consumer.
Iterate over all modules in a given package.
Return a REST interface to the S3 Indicator API.
Authenticates the user with the given credentials.
Ensure a subreddit with the given name and author is a subreddit of the given name
Generate a client library from a discovery file in a given language.
Get the elapsed time between two events.
Test the color of the event collection and set it to the color of the event collection.
Test pushdpopd and popd of the current working directory with the same name.
Set up the platform for the qwikswitch.
Choose a random test suite from a list of tests. If tests is a list of tests
Edit an existing alias.
Initialize an add - on for the given app and add - on name. If routes is
Return the file - like name of a file - like object or file - like object.
Convert milliseconds to seconds and microseconds.
Return a list of the agent s service types.
Unescape a string literal.
Return a list of keyspaces and connections given a list of keyspaces and a list of
Add a subtask to a task.
Make an eventrule from a date and a time rule.
Read the version. py file and return a dictionary with the version as key and the version
The arg of the softmax function.
Revoke all certificates for a given project.
Get the user and password from a file - like object.
The handler for the xblock outline endpoint. This endpoint is used to retrieve the xblock
Expands the path of a cookie in a protocolinfo object. If the cookie path is
Get the latest release tag.
Filter a table to a specific core.
Migrate oauth template facts to oauth template facts.
Calculate the histogram of a list of bins and the histogram of a list of values.
Return a list of all available grains.
Return a list of osquery. User objects.
Extract a link from a header value.
Initialize a Dogstatsd server.
Map a QoS specification to a QoS volume.
Get the balance of an item in the stock ledger.
Calculate how many changed indexes have been added to the entity and how many changed indexes have been
Return the status of the ceph cluster.
Test that help command exists.
Scour the coordinates of a list of strings and return a string with the scoured
Create a new campaign with the given bidding strategy.
Setup the platform with a list of devices and a list of devices to discover.
Start a new VM on the local machine. If the VM is already running it will be
Calculate the mean square root of the data.
Dump a packet to a string.
Return the logger with the given name. If no logger with the given name exists a new
Compute the correlation matrix of an array of variable length k using the toeplitz function
unify f gens into f gens. f gens must be a list of
Find the end of an expression in a line.
Test scenario that feature has a name attribute.
Renders a list of documents in the current context.
Create an HTTP client for the firebase application.
AJAX handler for the masquerade action. This is used to manage the masquer
Return true if the label is True otherwise return False.
Convert x to binary. If p is True return x as a bytearray otherwise return x as
Returns the current timezone of the current time zone or raises an error if the tag is invalid
Reconcile the given vouchers against their respective documents.
Create a list of formatters based on the given stream openers.
Undo the logging setup of the root logger and all of the extra loggers.
Expand the gallery from the generator s settings into a list of gallery lines.
Convert a column of data to an image.
Return the name of the process with the given pid as a namespace prefix.
Check that the cuckoo root directory exists. If not raise a startup error.
View function for editing a folder. If the form is valid it will be submitted to the
Stop covering an entity. If no entity id is provided all covering is stopped.
Return True if rdclass is a metaclass False otherwise.
Get the IPv6 address associated with a given interface or none if it doesn t exist.
Process a movie s reviews and write the result to the writer.
Include all enabled extensions in the django. contrib. extensions. base. extension manager.
Get the embeddings for each word in the word idict using the function emb.
Set the current media player.
Convert x to a list if it s not already. If it s already a list it
Find orphaned children of the current node. If dryrun is set to True the children are
Change the security of the current user s cookies.
Return a list with only the unique elements in l.
Clear the screen. This is a no - op if you don t know what you re
Test compound gates.
Format an example with the given substitutions.
Replace all camel case characters in a string with their original value.
Return the default logfile for the given executable name.
Get a list of loops that are not in the loop lists.
Pads a number to a given number of characters. If the number is less than n
Get a provider by name.
Change a user s username.
Show a single resource.
Create a route with the given name and the given elements. If the route does not exist
Return the power of x^2 y^z in the range [ x y z )
Convert a path to a unicode string.
Get a single value from the database.
test run method should raise error when command does not exist
Release an EIP address if it is not already released. If check is set to False
ResNet v1.
Get crafted text from given gcode.
Convert an IPv4 or IPv6 address to a string.
Test the stft function.
Get the version of the Cython compiler.
Get a list of SQL indexes for all models in the given app.
Remove the extension from a file name. If the file name does not contain the extension it
Get a list of recently changed packages activity.
Example of how to use lasagne. layers. d and lasagne. layers
Return a list of all upgrades for the current environment.
Create a connection between a server and a broker.
Format a slug for use in a URL.
Get an object from a text file.
Get the argspec of a callback.
Accept a PO organisation. If the user is the owner of the po agencies then
Convert a list of tuples into a list of sparse blocks.
Fix the given source code with the given PEP - 8 options and return the result.
Check the output of a command and return it as a string.
Return a dictionary of options for the command line tool. This dictionary is a dictionary with str
Test that the context is the same as the default context.
Test that no output is available.
Create a new figure manager for the given figure.
Convert a name to a list of labels.
Create transformations for each token in the list of tokens and store them in the dict ts.
Set the tax information in the request session.
Check if a string matches a regular expression.
Make a request to the appveyor API.
List all apps in the registry.
Set the diff opcode generator class. This class is used to create a diff opcode generator.
Expand the dimensions of x to num dimensions.
Find an executable in a Windows environment. If the executable does not exist it returns none.
Create a temporary script file with the given effects and return its name.
If p is a directory append it to the end of the path. If p is a
Return True if the wildcard is in the database False otherwise.
Sends an email to the user that a member was removed from a group.
Check if a user is authorized to access a resource.
Get the console width from the command line. If the command line does not have a width
Sort an IP address in alphabetical order. This function is used to sort an IP address
Displays a course.
Delete image and thumbnail files from storage.
Returns True if the string s is greater than or equal to or equal to the given threshold
Compute the discriminant between two vectors.
Test read user dict default value.
Render the request data with the given template and data. If no template is provided the data
Find a library by name. If cached is set to True the library will be loaded and
Grant an IP to a user or group. If the user is not a member of the
Run pylint against a set of files.
Educate backticks in a string.
Check if the content type is HTML or HTMLX.
Return a list of all available keyspaces.
Set up the settings object. This is called when the module is loaded from the settings file
Return the default arguments for the function.
Try to import a module and return its attribute.
Generator that yields translation messages from a CSV file.
Make an attendance record for a student.
Like a topic or create a new topic if it doesn t already exist.
Convert a list of stats to a dictionary of floats.
Remove a number of characters from the beginning of a string and replace it with a string.
Return a datetime object from an ordinal value.
Returns the summary for the given tag or None if there is no summary for the given tag
Get the input file to use for the current player.
Gathers clones and regularizations from a clone.
Extract user email and fullname from a distinguished name.
Build a song rep string from a list of md objects.
Count the number of dictionaries for a given language for a given project.
Search for recordings in a string.
Preserve the torrent directory in the albumpath.
Add a summary for each sample in the mapping to the given OTU table and return the
Perform a compute node search using the given hypervisor.
Post - process the mapping and denoised sequences and write the results to a file.
Return the parameter if it exists. Otherwise return the empty string. If it does not exist
Return the full path to an executable in the given sitepath or None if not found.
Find the end of a line in a Cinder docstring and return the position and string.
Run a coroutine in the event loop and wait for it to finish and return the result.
Return True if Afni is installed.
Get the version of the Python interpreter running the pylint program.
Get the volume summary for a given project.
Return a set of tokens that should be skipped from start to end. If the line is
Translate the given message into a unicode string.
Returns a list of sort keys and a list of sort direction values.
Calculate the arcsec of a number.
Find the log - likelihood of a point.
Return a human readable string of the given size.
Set the evacuate or drain option in the facts dictionary.
Execute a kadmin command
Recursively evaluate the tail of the graph g at index i in the list a at index u
Get a cubic path from an XML element. The path is returned in the form of a
Replace all line breaks in a string with a single line break and return the resulting string.
Build a target from a package name version and tag. If no version or tag is provided
Convert an expression into a list of clausify expressions.
Update the status of a collection. If the status of the collection is the same as the
Sort a list of files according to the PCAP algorithm. The output is a list of
Update the current instance of the class with the latest version of the class. If the class
Check if a process with the given pid exists. If it doesn t exist return False.
Read the next string from the input stream and return it as a tuple and the rest of
Get a unified output from a list of outputs.
Reload gluon. rewrite and redirect to the current URL.
Create an array of the specified type with the specified size and initializer.
Setup the platform with the given config and add the devices to the given list of devices.
Check if the given string is a valid extcomm attribute.
Return a list of all nodes in the current zone
Tag the current version with the given version.
Write a message to the preview window and jump to the previous preview window. If the message
Get a resampler for the given groupby with the given rule. If no resampler is
Make a dataset with intercept and decay.
Sort the tree by the given column. If descending is True the tree will be sorted descending
Test that the saved json is an instance of unicode and that the count is equal to the
Create a contiguous array from a signature and a list of arguments.
Test topo image epochs.
Return a dictionary of HTTP headers to be added to the request.
Rebuild the dependencies of the specified libraries. If no lib is specified all libraries will be
Tamper the given payload by replacing all the keywords with a random number.
Get the diff renderer class.
Load a set of tests and apply them to the module.
Get a list of pull requests for a given project.
Return a response message for the given HTTP status code.
Sleep for a given amount of time and return a deferred object. If no reactor is given
Return the root page of a given resource.
Unescape a JID node.
Check if an object is a sequence of booleans.
Add faces by convex polygon.
Find the root node of a node.
Listen for changes in a switch.
Add two 32 - bit integers and return the result as a new 32 - bit integer.
Return a list of all the devices on the minion. If no parameters are passed the list
A basic test that checks that a table is equal to another table. This is useful for
Check if there is a git pillar installed on the system. If there is a git pillar
Display the pillar. If no item is passed the entire pillar is returned. If no item
Callback for the key value option.
Create a named function with the given parameters and return the result as a Python object.
Test on focus changed issue 1484.
Monkey patch cmdutils to allow the command to be used in the command line.
Insert a new record into the database. If the record already exists it will be replaced.
Send an email to the user that the password has been changed.
Add loadgraph arguments to the parser.
Return a generator that yields symbols from the given iterator that are not in the exclude set.
Convert a datetime object to a decimal object with precision equal to the number of significant digits.
Get the source and line number of a node.
Return a normalized version of the given path.
Create a diagnostic file from an input file and write it to a temporary file.
Get the package name using the current Python installation.
p unary expression 6
Given a bucket name create a new bucket in Amazon S3. If the bucket already exists
Convert a color string to an RGB color and an alpha value. If the mode string is
Remove repeated values from a list of indices.
Entry point for the application. This is the main entry point for the application. It is
Pauses a running server.
Parse a JSON string into a Python object.
Normalize a word so that it can be used as an input for a word_matcher.
Test type exception.
Check if a network is absent
Convert a list of lat - lng values into a list of lat - lng values.
Generate a bq schema from a pandas. DataFrame.
Returns a string that can be used to sort a list of strings.
Get the command - line arguments from the command - line.
Return True if the graph is connected to the number of components in the graph.
Get a specific interface from the network script.
Scale a sparse column by a scalar.
Get a new skeinlayer repository.
Encode a password to be able to be used as a key in a password file.
Set audio output.
Call the service and return the result.
Check that an atom is a valid string.
Categorical cross entropy.
A route that returns a single product by its id or a 404 if it doesn t exist
Test whether a pie is the same as a half pie.
Import an object from a string or unicode object.
Check that the input is a string and that the output is a ghostscript.
Get a list of files with file types without words.
Create a logout URL with the given slug.
Returns the request host and ERHN if the host is not an IP or an IP
Recursively copy a directory and all its contents to a new directory.
Clear the screen.
Get the location of the vm
Reshapes x to a vector of size num.
test truncate purified field
Initialize the initial state with the given shape and initializer.
Returns the value of the named field of the given object.
Log multivariate normal density tied.
Convert a CIX string to an ET. ElementTree object.
Empty the current system. This is useful when you don t want to clear the current system
Create a simple expand fragment with a link to the given context.
Split a named range string into a list of sheet name and xlrange tuples.
Set a vary header on the response.
Return a list of all extensions in the system.
Search the database for the given md5. If the md5 is not found redirect to
Test the regularization of the data in the cov file.
Return x if x is None otherwise return x.
Parse a TCP packet into an LDAP or HTTP packet. If the packet is not a TCP
Display a page as a PDF or HTML string. If no html is provided then return the
Generate a meshgrid of size n.
Clear the site cache for a given instance and domain.
Stream a user to the user s list of users. If the user is not logged in
example2 build verticle exit
Return a weak reference to the target object. If on is a function it will be bound
test allknn fit single class
Check if a given bucket name is mostly subdomain compatible.
Return a tuple containing the string s and a CDAO object if the string starts with
Return an instance of s3rest. rest_client. RestClient for the River
Call a function with the given arguments and raise an exception if the function is not callable.
Print a summary of the installed plugins and the status of those plugins.
Detach a device from the system. If dev is none detach all devices. If dev is
Join a list of strings with a separator.
Find free ports in the range [ start end ) with the given number of ports.
Call a command and raise an error if the command is not successful.
test raw html write with bleach. allowed_tags attribute.
Get a list of script names and their names from a list of choices.
Get the compiler from sys. argv. If the string is not in sys. argv return
Download youtube files and add them to the queue of files to be downloaded.
Delete a security group
Test that the saved inner graph is the same as the current one.
Check if the result is a valid geom. If not raise an ogr exception.
Return a renamed tuple with the name of parent and child.
Test the Sentry bootstrap options without config.
Build a github repo.
Get permissions from a list of URLs.
Create a new type from a gtype or similar.
Check if a logical line is a comparison type. If so yield a tuple of the comparison
Attach a policy to a role.
Notify about a server group update.
Create a Wsgi resource for the given extension manager.
Return the weight of a given word in a given document with a given topic.
Get the current pricing module.
Check if there is enough free space in the download directory.
Fill text at a given index in a css element. If the element does not exist it
Get a list of all available colours.
Create a regex for the given tag name. This regex is used for opening and closing tags
Test plugin image id field.
Load an executable from an environment variable. If the environment variable is not found an error is
Test the conversion of an RGB to HSL part 6.
Convert a boolean to an integer.
Wrap a fragment with a new content and return a new fragment with the new content.
Return a list of all keys for a given user. If no user is given all keys
Join the given strings into a single file path and return the result as a bytes object.
Create or resurrect a directory.
Get a list of all the chassis in a given datacenter.
Compute the onenorm of a matrix power p.
The main entry point for this program. This is the main entry point for the program.
A context manager that updates the global dictionary of assumptions and cleans up after the context
Return the uid of the user with the given name. If name is None return none.
Returns a dictionary of variables that can be used in the pagination.
Convert a hex string to a byte string.
Delete all metadef tags for a given namespace.
Moves the mouse pointer to the given element.
Unsplit a URL from a list of parts.
Transform nose tools to astroid. List.
Format text with fmt and return it as an RST string.
Compute the mean gradient of x.
Create a workflow with overlays and slicestats.
Return the size of the given VM
Get a proxy for a given service.
Apply a list of changes to a collection.
Get the version of an executable. If the executable does not exist it will return False.
Delete all lead addresses for a given company.
Update the status of an object in the database.
Write data to a FID file.
Fetch the MSX HDU from the local file system. If cache is set to True
Estimate the number of movies for each user in a list of reviews.
Reset the state of the virtual machine to its initial state. Returns True if the reset was
Convert an integer property to an integer field using the get integer field function.
Get the host from the request.
Quadmin function for the quasi - quasi - quasi - quasi - qu
Check if a package is installed.
Start an app in the given directory.
Test that a number is nullable and that it is a string.
Get the read geometry from nibabel or freesurfer if not available.
Mimify a file or file - like object into a file - like object.
Determine the function name for a given node.
Log a raw message to the IRC server.
Get the common path from a list of paths.
Remove the dnsmasq accept rules for a given device.
Generate a fathead file from the files in the given folder with the given number of
Return a dictionary with keys that are not present in orig but are not present in new.
move up or down in the stack. move up can be set to True to move up
Return the gradient of x multiplied by multiplier.
Process an XML element and create a translation matrix.
Get the host name for a VM.
Coalesce columns and rows from a list of column names into a list of column names.
Find increasing sequences in an iterable worder.
Fix the makefile. If do is True the makefile is renamed to makefile +
Convert a pandas index to a list of ticklabels.
Return the k - th smallest value of x.
Get the current stock value for the given supplier and product.
Create a connection to the S3 service.
Get a list of all tables in the database.
Get the base directory for portable files.
Get the inputs and outputs of a given node.
Returns a qualifying prefix for the given module name and qualname. If modname is
View a single user. This is a view that can be used to view a single user
Delete a service group
Compute the cross - validation score for the given data using a Gaussian log - likelihood model.
Return True if the symptom user enabled emulation is enabled and the group configuration is
Delete a network interface
Render a template with the given context as a string and return the result as a string.
Get the maximum span of a complex number in a loop.
Create a fake block device object with the given block device mapping and block device dict.
Get information about a container in an environment.
Create a new fifo with the given name. If the fifo already exists it will
Get a random temp directory. This is the default directory where all the files are stored.
Render a report with the given ids name and data. If no context is provided the report
Unsubscribe from a document of a given class.
Iterate over the items of a multi - value mapping. If the mapping is a multi -
Return a list of all HTTP headers that match the given criteria.
Delete a user from the system
Return True if the salt string is a virtual machine or False if it is a virtual machine
Enable or disable foreign keys in the database.
Log a message at the debug level.
Remove a list of pvlist from an api key.
Check if an anchor is present in a file.
Get or create a hosted zone.
A simple test function to run a single environment. This is a test function that runs a
Remove a user from the cluster.
Check that the given index name is valid.
Return a null value for the given object and data. If the object or data are None
Get a summary of all volumes in the database.
Write the docstringdict to a file.
Get the current kernel architecture.
return a json object to a file in the current module.
A fixture loader that loads a file from the current working directory. The file is loaded from
Test label io and time course estimates.
Check that the covariance matrix is consistent with the number of components and the number of components.
Get the current portage.
Quote a file name for use in a RSP command. The file name will be quoted
Test for loading and saving a file in a dialog window. This is useful when you want
Return a list of all groups for a given group name.
rar3 s2k function
Delete a vlanid from the database.
Render an OpenID request and return a response.
Return the nth root of a mod p. If all roots is True return the nth root
Wrapper for the CDLMORNINGDOJISTAR function.
Returns an iterator over the items in the given object. This is useful if you want to
Add a new service to the system.
A Careduce optimizer for gpu and gpu - elemwise. The Careduce optimizer
Return a list of upgrades available on the minion. If refresh is set to True refresh the
Receive a number of bytes from a socket and return it as a Python object.
Check to see if the given name is absent in the given region. If the name is
Inject create tags into the event.
Perform a puiseux2 on the ring p q x with the given precision.
Get information about a user.
Run a scgi function on the given address.
Calculate the Fonseca coefficient for a given list of individuals.
Display a console on the remote server. This is a command - line action.
Create module bookmarks.
Display an RGB image in a matplotlib figure. If title is not specified the title will be
Read a file and return a list of lines as a list of strings.
Test exit on collection error py files.
Get the next host from the list of available hosts. If no host is available return None
Create a new namespace with the given number as the current scope.
Return True if the salt string is a virtual machine.
Return a path with the user s home directory as the first character of the given path.
Return the lcm of f and g. If f and g are strings it will be
Copy data from one file to another.
Return the gradient of the where function x is a tuple of x prepool and postpool
Compute an optional configuration value. If the configuration value is not present return the default value.
Get the translation and unitdata for the given project and subproject and language.
Convert x to a list of arguments. If x is not a list it will be converted
Delete a category and assert it is no longer in the database.
Convert an object to a string. If the object is not a string raise an error.
Open an SVG file with the specified viewer. If the viewer is not a string it will
Format a list of strings and return a response with a success response with the number of lines
Create a bundle of assets. If no argument is True the entire bundle will be compressed.
Try to import an object from the sys. modules dict. If the object is not found
Rebuilds the given code and returns a new function with the given name and cell values.
Split an address into a list of netmask parts.
Return the path to the salt - rcctl command. If the command is not found raise
Get the pagination limit and marker from the request.
Convert an etree. Element to a dictionary.
Remove all namespaces from an XML element and all its children.
Get the current context of the current request. If the request has no context return none.
Parse a test file option and return a tuple of the test file name and a list of
Format a power to a string.
Returns the presentation text for the given ref id.
Returns a string representation of the output of the given dump function.
Parse text as an integer.
A fixture that stores a po file in a pootle s translation directory. This fixture
Returns the first child with the given tag or None if there is no such child.
Return a dictionary with the current configuration settings.
Colorize a string with the given color and optional attributes.
Returns a list of tuples of all possible combinations of numbers in a list l.
Get the limit parameter from the request. If the limit is greater than or equal to the
Returns a list of modules and the active module if any. If no active module is found
Get the difference between a key and a value in a file system. If the value is
Try to open an SSH server with a password but don t raise an error if it fails
Test whether file has eeg average ref.
Remove scrubs from a string and return it as a title cased string.
Create a decorator from a middleware class.
Decrypt a stream of bytes using AES - 256 and AES - 256 - AES - 192.
Get a random prime number. nbits is the number of bits to be read.
Return a tuple with the number of trailing blank lines and a string describing the last blank line
Convert a DataFrame to an IDF.
Publish the given string to the local stream. If test is set to True it will be
Return True if any part of the given SQL string is an open quote.
Return a list of IP addresses for a given host. If nameserver is none return all
Write data to a file in a robust way.
Example of how to create a container from a vCenter or a vCenter or a v
Return a lambda that will print expr as a doprint with the given settings.
Get the edit handler for this model.
Convert html to xhtml.
Return the indices of the elements that match the given condition. If no elements are found return
Set the rate limit. If interval is a bool it will set the rate limit to interval
Test the completion of non unique prefix completion.
Get a date from a relative time and a day of week.
Return True if rbenv is installed on this minion
Find the majority element of a list.
Solve a discrete lyapunov bilinear equation.
Return a random prime number between 0 and n. If randfunc is none random number generator
p tc cj k is the kth point in the time series. tc is the time
Convert a string to a list of integers.
Clear the cache from the database.
Convert a regular expression to a pattern and a number.
Generate a durable config hash from the given item and ephemeral paths. If any ephemeral paths are
Register a simple tag without context.
Return a list of dups with degree equal to m and degree equal to num.
Get the max id from the database.
Return a dict of all the mapview configuration keys with the namespace replaced by str.
p struct declaration list 1
Optimization for sparse blocks with a sparse block outer. This is a local optimizer.
Split a string into a list of integers.
Get the python lib from the contentstore for the given course id.
Test the keys on the cursor.
Test that str is the absolute path to the project directory in the current working directory.
Return True if the version of Python is greater than or equal to minc False otherwise.
Returns the text of the first node that matches the given path. If no node matches the
Get carving from parser.
Parse the change values from the given opts dictionary.
Returns a dictionary with the timestamp as the first argument and the timestamp as the second argument.
Draw a symmetrically spaced image on the top of the current axes.
Get a list of memberships for a user and a project.
Check if a stream is public.
Test the inverse of the domain of a random link.
Return True if all values in sdr are the same size as v1 and v2
Gegenbauer aufgerufen auf gegenbauer.
Switch to an organization
Parse a cookie string and return a generator of key - value pairs.
Render a template with the given arguments. The template can be either a string or a template
Convert a dictionary of package names to a string.
Guess the filename of an object. If the object has no filename it will return none.
Submit a problem grade report to the instructor and return the result as a JSON object.
Check if a value is in the expected range and if it is greater than the permitted range
Return a queryset of the given class.
Return the current route path.
Test float range 2.
Raise system exit exception and raise system exit exception.
Perform a CMO operation on the Dataset ds. Timeperiod is the number of seconds to
Return the configuration metadata as a JSON string. The metadata is returned as a JSON string.
Load a model from a file path to model and a dictionary path to dictionary path to dictionary
Create a window function from an aggregate and a list of drilldown paths.
Return a list of all routes in the forward table. This is a list of tuples.
Parse the command - line options and return the parsed options and the command - line arguments.
Transform the parameters into a dictionary of boolean values. If the value is a list or tuple
Get pasted lines from the user. If quiet is set to True the prompt will be
Return a list of IP addresses for the given server.
Get the comment app from settings or raise an error if the app is not installed.
Find an executable in the given path. If no path is given the current path is used
Get the best fitness and quality for a mime type and a list of parsed media ranges.
Create a sqlalchemy. sqlalchemy. sqlalchemy. sqlalchemy. sqlalchemy. sql
Get the display string for the given course descriptor.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the user is virtual or not. If the user is not using
Get the current asset log for the given asset id.
Extract text from an ODF element.
Return a JSON representation of a datetime object.
Promote an operator to a given size and return the result.
Return a list of names that match the given pattern.
Get the volume type for a given volume id.
Initialize the application. This is called when the application is initialized. This is called when the
Strips the error message from the given exception object.
Return a dictionary of changes between two models.
Ensure that the index exists for the given migration engine. If the migration engine is a string
Send a list of events to the salt server. This is a list of events that are
Test the virtualenv to be installed in the purelib directory. The virtualenv will be installed in
Returns True if the given user is enrolled for the given course.
Register a new Hass service with the Hass server.
Get the foreign struct with the given name in the given namespace. If no foreign struct with
Check if a database with the given name exists in the database with the given connection.
Make a directory if it doesn t already exist.
Broadcast a tensor to a list of devices and return a tuple of the broadcasted tensors.
Returns a list of words from the given file path content and extension.
Return the help text for the command.
Bitwise left shift to the right of a 64 - bit array x and return the result
Return True if the pattern matches the given sentence otherwise False.
Encode a string into a unicode string. If the string is unicode it will be converted to
Create a new instance of an allocation. This command can be used to create a new instance
Returns True if the given word has a vowel.
Start an interactive debugger with the given result. The result can be a list of debuggers
Get the plot options from the session dict.
Attach Epic custom attributes to a queryset of Epic objects.
Get the state of an instance.
Download a file from the given url.
Get the quality of a service spec.
Set up the Hass instance and load the platform. Returns True if the platform was successfully
Create a new context and load it into the application.
Check if a user has read access to a course s studio.
Word - wrap a string to a certain number of characters.
Split huge add or mul to gpu elemwise and return a new node.
Power off the device. Returns True on success False on failure.
Set the driver for the given provider. If the driver already exists it will be replaced.
Get the environment variables for the zmq server.
Truncate a string to a maximum length.
Returns a list of infinibox strings that are required to be infinibox
Check if the given ip is a valid IP address. If not exit with a non -
Get a string representation of a number.
Calculate the smart matrix product of two matrices.
Get the crafted output of a gcode.
Create a list of command tuples for the given input files. The input files must be paired
Get the configuration tag for the given API instance.
Stop listening on the server cold port.
Get a list of all flavors. If get is set to True the flavor will be
Return a list of all the keys in the database.
Called when a ping message is received from the server.
Check if the Nvim driver is available and Nvvm is available.
Return the attribute of an adjective.
Add the role to the app.
Check if a capability file has a valid handshake. Return True if the handshake is valid False
Delete an attribute from an object. This is useful when you want to delete an attribute from
Finish the autocompletion of an element with the given id. If the element does
Rotate the given color by the given percentage.
Convert a roman numeral string to an integer.
Call a function with a timeout.
Get a new instance of the Coil repository.
Display a list of available frameworks.
Picks the counters from the interpretation.
Remove all files that were fetched from the given distribution. This is a no - op if
Test that the table has the same sky coordinates as the table with the same unit and representation
Update a record in a zone. If the record does not exist it will create it.
Get the output geometry for the given element and node.
Test for the presence of a string in a table. Useful for testing a string in a
Get the absolute url from a path.
Display the dialog and start the main loop.
Get the current rate of a media player.
Return the name of the virtual machine.
Find a directory and return its full path. If the directory does not exist return None.
Compile a function into a function that can be executed in the context of a target context.
test run method should return success when find packages
Run a Jedi script and assert that it is in the list of available completions.
Return the number of nested lists in a style dictionary.
Return the plural form of a value. If the value is not a number return the singular
Check the requirements of a package.
Sleep a random number of seconds and return True if the sleep was successful or False if the
Return True if val is an integer or False if val is not an integer.
Create extra fill loops for all surroundings within a radius around a given point in the
Test base of reduce preferred.
Return True if the version of the candidate is greater than the required version of the required version
Mock a quteproc request with a fake node and a fake config and a fake http
Get the status of a task.
Generate a list of num vectors with the given length and activity. The number of vectors is
Return a random rotation matrix.
Return a list of installed packages. If versions is set to True then return a list of
Add a header to the response.
Create a transfer manager.
Return the epsilon closure of the given state.
Parse a signed request and return the data if it matches the app secret.
Get the file name for a given type and test.
Stub out the given functions in the given test.
test nvidia driver1
Return the name of the virtual machine.
Compile a node into a string.
Return a URL for a single document in a specific version of a project.
Add noise to a numpy array.
Print a string or a list of strings. If the first argument is a string it is
Write metadata to an image file.
Get the current language.
Set the path of the plugin in the environment if it is a directory. If it is
Check if a file or directory is missing.
Wrap an object in a variant.
Generate an IBP for a given set of customers.
Return the one - argument of x or 0 if x is zero.
Write usearch61 parameters to a log file. The log file must have the format str
Parse filename and page ranges into a list of tuples of filename and page range.
Check if an object is null.
Check if a URI is an S3 URI.
Format a date according to a format string. If no format string is given the current date
Hide untranslated translations for a given language and site.
Assign a function to the global id and return the old id.
Validate the given password against the API s password. Returns True if the password is valid.
Get a list of all ratings.
Tear down the database. This should be called when the database is closed or when the
Decorator to apply a function to an audio clip.
Create a tag cloud with the given words. Words must be in the form of a
Detach a policy from a role.
Returns a set of numbers that are missing.
The main entry point for the command - line tool. This is the entry point for the
p declaration specifiers 1
Create a new API method response.
Return a tuple that can be used as a key for sorting the items in a list.
Test for trivial cases. This is useful when you want to test for trivial cases
Write an object to a pickle file.
Get a list of dynamic tabs for the given course and user.
Parse an authentication header and return the value. Raises an error if the header is invalid.
Test the download of a wheel.
Get tool panel config tool path and relative install dir.
Print the results of a query to the console.
Quote a string for use in a URL.
Parse command - line arguments and return a dictionary of options.
Print a message to stderr and exit with the given code.
Get a list of releases for an episode.
Check if x is an integer.
Checks if a directory exists in a given path. If it doesn t it will return a
Get the revision number of the current file. If the file does not exist it will be
Annotate content models by youtube id.
Test for an iterator of a sparse dataset. This is useful when you want to use a
Return True if l is a list or a string.
Test the basic sheet. This is a simple example of how to create a simple sheet.
Return the history of the command in the specified zpool. If zpool is not specified
Moving mean over a window of size num with lag lag. If lag is None then
Add a teacher facility to the current user s list of teacher facilitys.
Fill paragraphs with the given width with the given separator.
test spm. requires data spm. data face. requires spm data spm
Show the weights of the model. This is a test to make sure that the model is
Search for an organisation in S3.
Convert java pattern to python pattern.
Replace all occurrences of old in string s with new. If maxsplit is > = 0
Detect the platform and version of an agent. If fill is set to True all attributes will
Login the user using the given form. If the form is valid the user will be logged
Make a csv output from a list of results and a datetime. datetime object.
Return an object of the given type.
Decode a UTF - 8 string into a unicode object. If the input is already a unicode
Check the status of an RPC call and raise an exception if the status is not valid.
Get the next datetime for a given utc hour and a given table name.
Calculate the MD5 checksum of a file.
Return a tuple with the number as the first argument and the number as the second argument.
Normalize newlines in text.
Iterate over all filenames in a directory.
Execute a command multiple times in parallel and return the results as a generator. If preexec
Set the custom nameservers for the given sld and tld. The nameservers can be
Test reset out of a string.
Create a new Wsgi resource with the given options.
Create a new task for the current user.
Get a string representation of a dictionary.
Get the unit status of the given code.
Initialize the bits library. Returns True if the library is initialized False if the library is not
Get the user model name from the settings. py file.
Create a group function that applies a reduction to the given expression. This function is used to
Return the default HTTP endpoint.
Command - line entry point for the command - line tool.
Kill a greenlet. If the greenlet is not dead raise the greenlet s exception
Delete all S3 objects in the given bucket.
Return True if object is a generator function.
Create a field that can be used to see if the user is permitted to access the database
Compute a deployment state for the given node state additional node states and nonmanifest datasets.
List extensions.
Add sep to the end of a string and ensure that it s length is at least n
Update a fileserver
Return a dictionary of all the jids in the job directory.
Installs the gettext translations for the given template.
Serialize a user object into a JSON - ready dict.
Register the signals that the generator is finalized and the page generator is finalized.
Get block device mapping by instance and volume id.
Return the name of the system s virtual machine.
Check that the shape of the parameter matches the shape of the shape of the given shape.
Return True if the object is in the specified module. If the object is a function or
Return the error of a weighted average of a and a weighted average of a and w.
Check if two synapses are the same.
Return a tuple with a boolean and the virtual name of the minion.
Register a scale class.
Get the relative path to a file in a given pack.
Delete a key from a redis server.
Return the object at the given address or None if no such object exists.
Return True if the salt string is a virtual machine.
Get all headers with the given name from the given message.
Validate a collection of options.
Install zmqio in the tornado ioloop module.
Run a matlab job.
Replace legacy bridges with new bridges with new bridges.
Get the value of a system kernel variable. If no value is given the kernel variable is
Return a mapping of namespace names to their respective values.
Decode base64 string to unicode string.
Update an existing image. If the image doesn t exist it will create it. If the
Return the title of a layout.
Shorten a text for display in a web browser.
Test wrap long type.
Test install from wheel with legacy files.
Check if an instance is in a resize state.
Run a script in a temporary file with the given context. The context is passed to the
Format a number with a decimal separator and a decimal position.
Return True if a module with the given name exists.
Print a summary of the efuse.
Triangulate point x1 x2 using the SVD of p1 and p2
Return a list of all branches in a repository.
Convert a markdown file to HTML using the given configuration.
Parse the command - line arguments and return a dictionary of the parsed command - line arguments.
Get the HRM credential.
Compare two images and return the result as a string. The baseline image is used to compare
Clones the repository.
Format an exception and return a list of lines that can be displayed to the user.
Context manager to push a kernel context onto the stack. This context manager is used to push
Join a list of strings together and return a new string.
Return True if path starts with a dot.
Wait for a task to be created. Returns True if the task was created False otherwise.
Get a flavor by name.
Create an array of ones with the same shape and type as the input array.
Parse the response and return a dictionary of the parsed data and the status code of the response
Generate a DCT matrix of the given size. If unitary is True the DCT
Search for the first occurrence of a word in a string and return a list of the offsets
Make a path to a file in the autotest cache dir.
Create an access key for a user.
Update an existing stack. If the stack does not exist it will create it.
Reshow a figure.
Create a document list entry from an XML string.
Check socket access and print warning if it doesn t exist.
Send a message to multiple recipients. If registration ids is not specified the message will be sent
Run an HTML file with a set of options and return the exit code.
Raises the given exception with the given configuration. If the given config is None the exception
Convert all nodes of a given type to another type.
Get a model by its label and model name.
Set the current platform and architecture to be used in the context file.
Return data to the database. This function is used to return the data to the database.
Get the fill value for a given dtype.
Get a new mill repository.
Generate a unique email for a given user.
Join two or more paths and ensure that the resulting path is safe to use as a base
Look up a method in the class hierarchy. If the method is found it will return the
Entry point for the wireup command line tool.
Download a file from an HTTP link.
Update the given FITS file with the checksum of the given FITS file.
Move a file or directory from one location to another.
Test auto close us after a task is deleted.
Test the cache deactivated and update the metadata.
Test if data has been deleted from the database. This step checks if the data has been
Remove a key from the data if the user is not a system admin.
Load an X. 509 certificate from a string or file - like object.
Return a list of all the queues in the queue directory.
Clean the given identifier to a GCE name.
Return the square root depth of a tree.
Return a copy of the current environment with the given values.
Convert a path to a unix path. If the path is a unix path it will be
Decode an encoded datetime string into a datetime object. The encoded datetime is assumed to be in
Return a list of indices of the coil t1 and t2 coil t2
Return the data api.
Create expected photos for a given episode.
Get a single worker from the database. If no worker is found an exception is raised.
Test fit against invalid ratio.
Unwatch a document.
Display the name of the current desktop. This function is called when the user presses the
Return the value of an attribute as a boolean. If the attribute cannot be converted to a
Read matplotlib parameters from a. rc file. If the file does not exist it will be
Get the browser from a user agent string.
Test imports on global namespace without path.
Grade a given adjective. The adjective is assumed to be a string
Load the data and return it as a du. dataset. Dataset object.
Send a request to GCS and return a stub response with status code and content.
Get the current time.
Verify a user s email address.
Parse a datetime. timedelta event into a datetime. timedelta object.
Strip ANSI escape sequences from a string.
Convert an IP number to a quad string.
Describes an enum value.
Generate a random number of random words from the lorem ipsum. If html is True
Check if a module exists.
Set up the application. This function is called automatically when the application is started.
Create a new quota usage.
Display a list of URLs.
Return the HTTP status message for the given status code.
Return the top data from the minion
Example of how to transfer data from one bucket to another.
Jump to the given tab number.
Callback function to log the status of a node.
Get the current preferences as a base64 encoded string.
The html view for a course. The html view is a view of a course s html
Read a 4 - byte string from a file - like object.
Run lettuce and assert the stdout lines are in the same format as lettuce
Add a service group
Convert special characters to strings.
Test for the get peak of a random source.
Return True if a == b.
Validate that value is a positive floating point number.
Check if a VCS is installed on the given repo type.
Return True if a < = b.
Get the status of a specific core.
Get the target of a link. If the target is relative it will be relative to the
Generate a cache key for the html document.
Create a temporary directory and delete it.
Create a new service and add it to the arcserver. Returns a list of dictionaries.
Select a template from a list of templates. If a template with the given name does not
Returns a path to a file in the temporary directory.
Extend a string with a given length and offset. If the length is greater than the offset
Add an implied task id to the dictionary d.
Compares two entities by their key.
Check if the track index has changed.
Perform a whoosh search and return the results as a list of dicts.
Convert a tuple to a datetime object.
Set the HTTP header to be sent to the client.
Delete a repository from zypper. xml.
Serialize a set of bits into a string.
Start the salt - syndic daemon
Copy the contents of the source stream to the destination stream and return the number of bytes copied
Get a list of GeoJSON tiles from a list of layers.
Recursively serialize an object into a JSON object. The object is cached. If the object is
Main entry point for the command line interface.
Get the gcc shared library arg.
Record a purchase for a given order.
Wait until no listen pids are found in the given namespace.
Run the tests on the given samples using the given interpreter string and non - gae standard
Get a unified output from a list of outputs. If there are less than num outputs return
Redirect to the registration page if the site configuration supports it. If the site configuration supports it
Make a key for a given rule.
Analyzes the given file and returns the window of the file.
Get a list of urls from a funshion id.
Get the C - Flags of the current process as a string.
Expire the current reservation. This is a no - op if the reservation does not exist.
Create an alias for an index. Returns True if the alias was created False if the alias
Unwatch approved and approve revision in locale.
Setup the Wink platform with the given config and add devices to the platform s list of
Ensure that a directory exists. If it doesn t exist it will be created.
Add a document to the S3 database. If the document is an image it will be
Get all snapshots for a given host.
Upload an image attachment.
Parse a query string into a list of model instances.
Check if a volume is writable or writable on the given path. If not raise an error
Get the overhang direction between a segment and a set of loops.
Encode the payload of a message into a 7 - bit string. If the payload is None
Enable a sysv service
Print a warning when a class has been renamed to another name.
Sanitizes the given HTML code by removing tags and styles that are not allowed by BLE
Get information about a volume.
Return True if the tokens x and y are equal.
Check if the tree matches the given fasta labels. Returns a tuple of two bools.
Get the enabled provider with the given id.
Get the default app id.
Hinge loss.
Serialize a collection to a JSON string.
Test a sample of a supervised dataset. This is done by sampling the supervised dataset
Get vector3 by prefix.
Get all subscriptions for a given user.
Write a string to a file in CGI format.
Return an access key for a given string.
Add photo urls to ph dict.
Re - load the containers from the given manager and update the count of running containers.
Check if a file is text or not.
Add points from a segment to a list of points.
Get a list of n - times partitions from a connectivity matrix. If connectivity is a list
Connect the client to the given destination. The destination can be a tuple of host and port
Display the help text on the screen. This function is called when the user clicks on the
Queue a list of instances to be run on the cluster. The list of instances can be
Check if a package has been removed from the system.
Assert that the given function has a warning of the given class.
Generate n column names from default column names. If n is less than the number of columns
Find the prime p and q in the range [ 0 nbits ).
Convert a string to an integer.
fast function to get the legen lut for the given x.
Get a JSON representation of the given feed.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the user has no real s3 credentials.
Return the spherical harmonic distance between l and m in the range [ l m
Returns a list of integers where each element is an integer and each element is a list of
Render the http response.
Return the number of targets for a given host.
Load a module from a file.
Return True if name is a global variable.
Test the completion of a bash script.
Update the given table with the given new column name.
Create a Celery app with the given configuration and parameters.
Return a lottery of n links promoted by sr.
Encode an entrance exam and a student input.
Return the current configuration as a string.
This is the default implementation of the to method. This is the default implementation of the to
Return a string representation of a dict of environment variables. If the dict is not a dict
Look up an IP address and port in a string.
Return True if the symptom password regular expression description is not set.
Iterate over all instance profiles in the database.
Run tests on a single site.
Print the dot product of the expression and its value.
Update the properties of an image.
Test the progress affecting a statusbar with a given widget.
Return True if item is a container or False if item is not a container.
Return an interval that represents the ceil of x. If x is an integer it will return
Resolve the id of the given value. If the value is a string it will be converted
Return True if the system is off False otherwise.
Returns a queryset of all the models that have been created and have a count of the number
End the application. This is called when the application ends up being called.
Check if we need to recompile the CUDA file.
Resume SABnzbd after a given number of seconds. If the number of seconds
Make an array of the same shape as an array of integers.
Copy the query options object to the protocol buffer.
Add a pixel to the pixel table with steepness.
Return True if the module s config has changed.
Load a patchset from a file. Returns a patchset if successful. Otherwise returns False
Test the execution of the RQ worker and return the exit code of the test.
Generate a set of keys for a given keydir and keyname. If no keydir is
Opt - check a function graph. If accept is set to True the function graph will be
Return a class for the given reader name.
Get information about the specified packages. If no packages are given all available packages are returned.
Calculate the exponential of p to x with precision prec. If prec is greater than 0 then
Add a certificate to a file in the specified store
Create a snapshot of a group
Detach a disk from a vm
Distill a pdf from a temporary file.
Returns a dictionary of page objects for the given request. If the request doesn t have a
Return the full path to a config file.
Test ranking ignores identifier quotes.
Get the length of the loop in the polygon.
Execute a command in the current working directory and return the output as a list of strings.
Estimates the confidence interval for a continuous distribution. The confidence interval is a continuous distribution of
Delete a task by name.
Leave the current transaction management state. If the current transaction is not managed it will be rolled
Convert a BCD value to a decimal value.
Return True if the user has access to the given forum.
Get the syslog config file.
Test the inverse operator.
Read a number of bytes from a file - like object or file - like object.
Validate shuffle split initialization.
Get a feed from the given url.
Get the constructor of an object. If the object has no constructor None is returned.
Remove all non - numeric characters from a string and return it as a unicode string.
Return a list of supported key exchanges.
Extract a snapshot from a disk.
Returns the user s profile or None if the user is not logged in.
Return a base64 encoded image from a file.
Return the least common multiple of a and b.
Flip the axis of each element of an array along the given axis. If random is True
Return the current state of the state machine.
Recursively walk through a list of modules and add them to a list of modules.
Remove the task config from the database.
Set the attributes of the given node by the given arguments. The argument names are the names
Reconstructs a string and returns it as a new object.
Check that the index argument is a list or tuple. If not raise an error.
Log in to the vm with the given username and password.
Return a string with the given message appended to the end of the string if it is not
Write data to a socket with timeout expiration.
Return a list of all files in the git repository.
Split a URL into its path and environment variables.
Test grouping.
Main entry point for the grammar tool.
Return the index of the first occurrence of a word in a string. If the string is
Create a temporary directory with the given suffix. If dir is none the current directory will be
Redirect to a given source domain if it is in the given source domain. Otherwise return the
Create a new object in the database.
Serialize an instance to a JSON string.
Return the judment to use for the given recommendation. If the recommendation is
Read end record from file and return it as a list of lists. Return none if file
Gammaln function. This function takes a number x and returns a new number x
Execute a query against the database and return the results as a Python dict.
Takes a list of tagged tokens and chunks them into a list of N - grams.
Load a PIL font file into an Image object.
Change the current working directory to the given directory. If an exception is raised it will be
Download a dataset from a remote source and save it to a local directory.
Delete tags from an instance or a resource
Test paginated url.
cpp string | string | unicode | unicode | unicode | unicode | unicode | unicode |
Authenticates a user and returns a dictionary of authentication information. If the user is not
Format a playlist as a string. If show is True it will show the number of seconds
Get a short module name from a module name and an object name.
Convert a string to a rank.
Sync all the runners in the minion to the specified environment. Returns the number of run
Make a string of indentation size with a part of text. This is useful when you want
If cfg. pause on pp is True pause on post - processing. If cfg. pause
Decimate the number of cholesky coefficients in a raw data frame.
A context manager that asserts that exc is raised with a regular expression pattern. If exc is
chunk XML into chunks of size num.
Create a template info object from filename and root dirs.
Zero the triband of an array. If lower is True the triband will
Print the rulesection code for a given number.
Convert a string to a Python object.
Returns the value of the named cell in the current context or None if no such cell exists
Write the given string to the given file. If no file is given the string will be
Plot the normal probability of a sample. The fit parameter can be used to draw a line
Extract information about a single FASTA file and return it as a sequence string and XML string
Get the reason for a given step.
Plots the lines of the current event and the epochs of the current event. If the current
Load a private key from a string or PEM - encoded buffer.
Convert a string to a sequence of email addresses. If the string is not a sequence it
Set the configuration for the named service. If write is True the configuration will be written to
Calculate the minimum and maximum HDI interval for a sequence of numbers.
Dispatch a command to the appropriate handler.
Raise an exception if the given policy is not a valid shape.
Add an offset to the loop and vertexes lists.
Return a list of all the cells in the database.
Returns a function that can be used to get the dialect from the given name. If the
Test the fourier series square wave function.
Computes the loss of a triplet given the anchor positive and negative triplets.
Solve a linear system of equations a and b. If a and b are not matrices
Update the documentation with the available plugins and their descriptions.
Dump a timestamp as an HTTP date. If the timestamp is None the default timestamp is used
Add a string to the s3. crud. strings dict.
Create a new add - on.
Iterate over all the classes in the given module.
Dump a list of probes to a file.
Get the non - private exploration summaries.
Get the current Cudart.
Split the dataset into train validation and test sets. Test sets are the same size as the
Run cup on a single OTU file.
Extract a summary line from a doc string.
Get the disk bus for the given virt type and device type.
Test if all costs are implemented.
Render a template with the given arguments. The template can be either a string or a template
Get a list of scene seasons for a given indexer id.
Parse an XML string into an instance of the specified class.
Set the list of database names to use.
Parse an indented list of lines into a dictionary of counter - > amount pairs.
Update the revision of a git repository in the specified directory. If the revision is greater than
Visualize the detections of a given class in a given image. The detections are
Convert a number to a hex string. If the number is not an integer it will return
Run make files on the current working directory. If no arguments are given all files will be
Sort items in ascending or descending order according to the given kind. If na is specified the
Draw a dendrogram of the given node to the given image. If filename is not specified
Add a symbol to the symbol list if it doesn t already exist.
Get a reference from a repository.
Kick a channel from the bot.
Raises an AssertionError if expr1 is expr2.
Restore a shell from a file on the local machine. This is useful when you want to
Count the number of entries in a ZIP file.
Read LSM float pairs from file and return as array.
Insert text at cursor position using the given format string.
Create a new grep widget with the given text and parent. If no text is given the
Insert x at the right of the array a.
rc Set interactive mode to True for interactive mode.
Renders the given template with the given template vars. If no template is given the template is
Get the log level of the request.
Check if the given url is from any of the given domains.
Make a directory structure from a base directory and an output directory. The output directory will be
Setup the platform with a pywemo. discovery. discovery. Device object.
Write source spaces and compare source spaces.
Prompt the user for a manual id.
Generate a sequence of trigrams from a sequence of n - grams.
Check if the given language is available in the current locale.
Get information about a section of a course.
Test for lexing integers in a string.
Convolutional coupling.
Create a style element from a set of style rules and a inherited style. The inherited style
Exploit the given value. If the input is a numpy array clip it to the
Return a string with the name of a section.
Convert a string to a text type.
Write a graph to a dot file.
Ensure that a service is present in the system. If the service is present it will be
Delete a parameter group.
Encode bytes as a string and return it as a tuple of bytes and the original value.
A specialized method that raises an exception if the signature is invalid. This method is intended to
Run a single provider in parallel and return a tuple of the results.
Lock a media list and return a list of media objects.
Return a list of installed packages
Returns whether or not the file should be written or not depending on whether the file should be
Initialize the configuration from a configuration file. If the configuration file does not exist an error is
Run a command and return its output as a str object.
Return a list of requests ordered by the number of times it was called.
Commit the changes to the database. If no database is given the default database is used.
Create a thrift type.
Convert an inet id to a four byte integer.
Shuffle a number of numbers and return a tuple with the remainder of the number and the
Return the name of the virtual machine or False if it s not a virtual machine.
Format an option value according to the given optdict. The value can be a list tuple
Return a list of the names of the system plugins.
Return a set of all globals in the given AST node.
Calculate the number of minutes given the number of degrees radians and arcseconds.
Return a list of user partitions that are split by a string scheme.
Create a stub for the bigtable table admin service.
Show information about a user. If no username is given show all the users in the system
Expand the grid size to the given number of dimensions.
Validate the permissions of a node.
test checkout flow for authenticated user
Check if a file or directory is lexographically on the file system.
Update an existing volume type.
Update the response headers with the given headers. If headers is a dict it will be updated
Sort a list of columns by their length and then by the number of characters in each column
Open a page in a web browser.
Upload a file to a remote server using ftplib. ftp.
Create a link to a user.
Get the message for a given permission code. If no message is found default message is returned
Iterate over all lexer classes in the system.
Generate a unique message id.
Post - processing of multiplications in an expression. Returns a new expression with the sub -
A context for the inception v3 model.
Check if the given text is a valid string.
Return the resultant of f and g. If include_prs is set to True
Read a bearer token from a file.
Update an existing port.
Parse a type string and return a tuple of the type and the length of the type.
Test the norb of a string.
Parse a string representation of a timedelta into a datetime. timedelta object.
Dump a certificate request to a file or file - like object.
Compute the dot product of a and b.
Return an instance of s3rest. controller. CanvassController.
Copy a file to a remote host.
Get the model from a proxy.
Beacon on a list of proxies.
Get user info cookie data.
Add link rel to all links in the document that do not start with the given string.
Main entry point for the network command line tool.
Load libzmq into the global namespace.
Get the crafted text of a file from the archive.
Return True if entity is a mapped class.
Setup the local environment for the Ubuntu installation.
Wrapper for talib. cdlhangingman
Download a URL to a local file.
Resume a plan of a number of times. If the interval is greater than the number of
Return a list of changelog hashes in the given repository that are within the given upper bounds.
Returns the type of the function or None if the function is not a function or a function
Return the type name of an object. If the object is a class return the class name
Run the web server. This is the main entry point for the gunicorn app.
Delete all quotas usage and reservation for a given project. If only is set to True
Load the context of an AST node x. If x is a string it will be loaded
Returns True if the request s IP address is in any of the trusted networks.
Test rl end of line.
Check the user s input for the command line options. If the user s input is not
Set range request not satisfiable.
Join a path and return it as a string.
Parse settings for bond 6 and return as dict.
Sanitize a filename so that it can be used as a file name.
Minimizes a given code. This is useful when you want to minimize a given code
Get a list of all collections on the given bus.
Generate a client login token from the given HTTP body.
Generate a link to the parent document of an object.
Convert a sequence of nibbles into a string of the first nibble and the second
Disable warnings in the root logger. This is a no - op if the root logger is
Get a scene exception by name. If there are multiple exceptions with the same name the first
Check if a list of course modules is valid for a given master course.
Display a short line of count lines on the dataset ds.
Greet a greetee string.
Get the index of the point with the least length in the path.
Register all of the models in the database.
Return a raetevent object for the given opts and sock. If opts is a string
Scrubs a URI from the beginning and end of a string and returns it.
Return a dictionary of all interfaces with IPv4 addresses.
A local optimizer that shuffles the inputs and returns a list of the results.
Setup the optimizations for the celery worker.
Create a new generation value from the given value. The value is returned as a string.
Add a constant to a builder.
Close the static library. This is a no - op if the current system is not a
Return a fake cluster object with the given updates applied to it.
Set the Expires header to the given delta seconds. Delta can be an integer or a timedelta
Check message extractors.
Parse a time string into a datetime. time object.
Stop a task time slot.
Make a CumulativeDistribution object from a histogram.
Return a list of recommendations for the given brands.
True if the token is a carbon string.
Get the module name for the given service model.
Sends a message to a user or a group of users.
Find a header file in the current directory or raise an error if it doesn t exist.
Partition an iterable into two tuples where the first element is true and the second is false.
Sanitize an HTML ID.
Dynamically import a module and return a tuple of the package and class. If the module
Crop a title to a certain length.
Enable a Haroxy server.
Consumes a decimal value from a string and returns it and the rest of the string.
Process a list of video files and return a list of the processed files.
Get a list of pointers pointed to by the given node.
Upgrade the database schema to the latest version of the database.
Installs an app. If the app is already installed it will be removed from the cache
Returns True if the sequence is sorted False otherwise.
Parse a byte range header into a tuple of units and ranges.
Render the given request and return a response.
Apply the choice of the task.
Helper function to create a timer with a sleep time and a list of event handlers.
Parse the command - line arguments.
Test the D model.
Return a list of all blobs in the storage account. You can filter by keyword argument.
Return an iterator over all the records in an imgt file.
Convert a canonical path to a local path.
Convert a string to a boolean.
Applies the provider facts to the given facts dictionary and returns a new dictionary with the results.
Format a file size into a human readable string.
Returns the number of nodes in the graph g.
Add a non - blank subelement to a parent element with the given tag and value.
A simple tag that renders a string as a star tag in the context of an object.
Corrects the alpha values in the result dictionary.
Returns the number of hours in the given number of hours per day.
Read an element from the stream as a uinteger. size must be a power of 2
Launch a number of threads in the main work queue.
Return True if the item is skipped False otherwise.
Compute the spherical harmonic coefficients.
Return a list of all the dirents in buf.
Convert a sequence of characters to a string of hexidecimal characters.
Create a figure with the given kwargs.
Get the md5 hash of the file at the given path. If the file does not
Add an item to the query if the condition is true. If the condition is false the
Create a test method for saving a payment method. This is a test method for saving a
Get the course block counts for a given block url.
Load an object from an hdf5 file.
Parse a PCI address into a tuple of device name and port numbers.
Get the HTTP expiry date based on the expirestype and the number of days or minutes.
Checks if a list of tuples conforms to a partial ordering of a list of elements.
Get a binary string from a value and a number of bits.
Convert hdfs uri to real path.
Return the series of numbers l.
Set the value of the specified configuration variable. If trafficctl is not available it will be
Get a list of users to remove from a notification.
Check if we have a composer. lock file in the given directory. If so return True
Split a generated file name into a tuple of file names.
Generate a preview of the given resource. If the resource doesn t have a preview it will
Spewer function to print a string in the context of a given frame.
Return a string with the object s sysmeta prefix and the given key. The prefix is
Create an index only query from a list of results.
Get the names of the periods for a given locale.
Generate a sequence of Banks from a CDS file.
Get the current working directory.
Execute a query against the database and return the results as a Python dict.
Returns a string representation of the given region.
Fill a list of strings with the given number of characters.
Discretize the center of a model at x - range.
Merge annotations from old to new with the annotations from new.
Log all ormcache statistics in a thread - safe manner. This is useful for debugging.
Get the commit hash of a package.
Calculate the center of the bounding box.
Unregister a host from the namespace. Returns the number of registered host on success or - 1
Check if the line is a comment. If it is raise an error. If it is
Get the nerdtree for the current window. The nerdtree is a
Return a timestamp for the given table.
A context manager that closes all open connections and waits for all open connections to be closed.
Test if a value is defined.
Perform a step 5 of the AaaQ search.
Convert an array to categorical if it s an instance of a categorical array. If it s
Encode the given multipart container as a string. The multipart container must be a multipart object.
Get the colour of a preference.
Get the crashinfo directory for a given host.
Generate a cache key for the given request. The cache key will be prefixed with the given
Create the port and network register numbers for the OVS FW.
Initialize the glance store.
Test scenario with hash within double quotes.
Generator for correlated normal distribution.
Normalizes a locale string to make it lower case and then join it with the locale string.
Find the previous n keywords in a SQL string.
Start profiling.
Determine the release name for a given directory. If nzb name is specified it will be
Get the command - line arguments and prompt for a password.
Calculate the mean absolute value of a time series.
Find the indentation of the given node. If no indentation is found a string is returned.
Update an existing namespace with the given values. If the namespace does not exist it will create
Calculate the percent drop of a log.
Find a gui and a backend and return the gui and backend. If no backend is found
Get qiime temp dir.
Create a replication group. If the group already exists it will be overwritten. If the group
Setup the state of the HASS instance.
Set the android context for the given media player.
Run the given command with the given arguments and return the output as a list of strings.
Return the union of the nodes in the iterable with the nodes in the second argument.
Test finder installs pre - releases and installs a package.
Return True if the argument has a method that returns a truthy value.
Return a human readable time string from the given time in milliseconds.
Render the current block and return it as a string. If the current block is empty return
Example of how to get a list of products for a given country.
Get a list of changes for a given project.
Get the maximum number of network slots in the system.
Get a list of all the clients in the cluster.
Get the crafted text of a file. If the file does not exist it will
Test flattener layer state separation.
Return information about the distro release.
Call tadm with the given arguments. If tadm bin is not specified it will be
Assert that the callable raises an exception. If the callable raises an exception it will be reported
Redirect to a url with the given name with the given args and kwargs as query parameters.
Get child nodes by local name.
Modify hosts.
Remove the initial data from the database.
Return a bare error message with an optional extra body.
Auto - assign the given locals to the current object.
Delete a character and assert that it is the same as the expected text.
Convert a number to a Julian date.
Load all sources from metasync modules and return them as a dictionary.
Get an attribute from an object. If the object is sandboxed the attribute will be returned
Get the crontab info from the grains dict.
Return a normalized mode string for use with salt. utils. minions. manage_mode.
Return a dictionary with the cython enum names as keys and the values as values.
Returns a boolean array where the values in x are False. If x is an array of
Roll a matrix along a vectorized axis by a given number of dimensions.
Download a file from the given url.
Set the urlconf value.
Fix the filename of the frame records so that it can be used as a file name.
Encode a mirror url.
Create a lenet arg scope with the given weight decay and activation.
Generate an RST file for a module with a given TOC file path.
Format a job instance into a dictionary with the keys str as the key and the values as
Split a statement into a list of unquoted newlines. The last line in the list is
Overwrite novel deltas with baseline and non - novel deltas.
Walk through all entries in the revctrl directory and yield them in the order they were found
Convert a latitude to a zone number.
Get a virtual interface by its ip address.
Get a boolean value from a dictionary. If the key is not in the dictionary return default
Get a list of activities from groups followed by a user.
Connect to a CloudHSM layer1 instance.
Extrude a list of files.
Return the similarity between the two objects.
Run the tests in the given module. If no module is given all tests are run.
Return the current date in the format specified by format. If istime is True return the
Remove flags from config variables that are not explicitly set in the environment.
View function for editing a single post in a forum.
Run a setup script with the given arguments.
The main entry point for the dnf command. This is the entry point for the dn
Highlights the given faces in the given image and saves it to the given filename.
Returns a list of national significant number groups from a phone number object.
Create a distinguished name for a given PO file.
Generate a random string of letters and return it as a string. This is useful for testing
Call the given function with the given arguments and return a deferred result. If the function returns
Get the number of columns and rows of the current console screen.
Concatenate multiple strings into a single string.
Set the color of one or more lights on the given Hass object.
Return the active config key for the given app and version.
List all incidents on the pagerduty
Change the status of an activity. If the new status is private it will be set to
Lift a list of repository dialogs into a list of repository dialogs.
Find an album by its ID.
Get the audit information for the current request.
Get the cluster manager.
mount cgroups to cgroups_dir and cgroups_dir is the path to the
Save a linear model to a file.
Read a file from disk and return it as a string. If the file doesn t exist
Detects the device capabilities and returns true if the device is supported. Returns False if the
Test plot evokes.
Load a VLC media library from a file or file - like object.
Set the aspect ratio of a video.
Make sure stdout and stderr are open for Windows. This is necessary because Python w does not
Check if a path has been added to the graph and add it to the list of loops
Get the percent of disk space used in the logs directory.
Return True if the header name is a hoppish header name.
Return a stream of floats that are greater than zero.
Returns the value of the first line of a file whose name starts with the given variable.
Convert a bytes object to a string. If the value is already a string it will be
Build vim config from ycm keys.
Get a new instance of the repository.
Return a dictionary of signal names to their respective signal values.
Postfix expression 7.
Append the given value to the given variable. If the variable already exists it will be replaced
Read from stdin if it is a tty otherwise return none.
Test that hsl to rgb part 6 is the same as hsl to rgb part 5.
Parse the ORDER BY clause of the SQL statement tlist. The order is defined by the
Combines two sets of variables and returns a new set with the values of a and b
Convert a string to an integer with a comma - separated list of comma - separated values.
Write the given string to the given file. If no file is given the string will be
Add a suffix to a file name.
Return a list of all available images on the cloud
Pycuda elemwise source module optimizer.
Get a scanner for the given hass and config.
Return True if the path does not exist in the hadoop dfs. If the path does exist
Create a property setter for the width of a document. If the document is already a string
Get a service from Hass using the given configuration. If no service is found return none
Return a list of all known settings.
Get the tolerance for a given item. If no tolerance is available the global tolerance will be
Start a web server at the given ip and port. If the web server is already running
Get the version of the package from the init file. If the init file does not contain
Return a static file URL for a given path.
test that hist is written to stdout with xonsh as env. xonsh is
Update a security group
Fibonacci number generator.
Recursively resolve all PDFs in a nested dictionary.
Calculate the ridge penalty gradient.
Return the current working directory of a process.
Check if result is a valid geom. If result is not a valid geom raise an exception
Requires application pyopengl and pypengl to be installed.
Create a py3compat. config parser from a config file.
Create a location for a course and usage.
Get a random number in the range [ a b ).
Escape a string for use in an SQL statement.
Add a string to the meetings dictionary.
Application unproxied. This is the main entry point for the Odoo application.
Get the timestamp from the given URL.
Return a list of all active virtual machines.
Test the all - kinetic nearest - neighbor knn model.
Create a new group snapshot.
Add i18n language suffix to cache key if use_n is True.
Get the long description.
Register a function to be called at the end of the profiling process. The function will be
Return a numpy. ndarray of length n with a string representation of the identity matrix.
Return a list of all the elements of f that are ground to c and up to u
Tamper the payload to make sure it is a string and if so replace it with
Fit an image to the given dimensions.
Save a list of facts to a local file.
Return the virtual name of the module.
Get the completion badge for a given course.
Iterate over the tracebacks in the given logdir.
Get abstract from section.
Display an image on the screen. If no screen is given the image will be displayed on
Returns a chunkreadable version of iter. If iter is a string it will be chunked
Return the phrase at the head of the phrase text.
Check if a variable is greater than a given value.
Return a JSON - ready representation of the given form.
Check to see if a cache subnet group exists.
Run migrations on online.
Return a tuple of slices of the given shape.
Load a M3 data string into a Python object. The data string can be either a
Test for changes to languages in the database.
Compute the error of a cross - correlation between two sources and a cross - correlation between two
Return a dict with the args and kwargs as the raw argument.
Check that weights are within bounds.
Return a zipline path from a list of paths.
Parse a response object into a form or file object. If the response object is a file
Return a float if n is not None otherwise return none. If n is not a float
Get the delete url for the given comment.
Return a verbose label for a given model field name and lookup expression.
Return a string representation of a date.
Execute an apf command and raise an error if the return code is not a number.
List the ps for a given number. If num is greater than or equal to the number
Delete an option group.
Play a WAV sound from a file on the local machine.
Adds a route to the given request.
Disconnect from the socketio server.
Return a list of files for the given add - ons.
Reconstructs a URL from the given environment variables.
Assert that the output does not contain the given text.
Parse an object id and return the key vault name and version of the object.
A curvelinear test. This test is a curvelinear test. It
Get the craft sequence from the string representation of the craft.
Test for circles in altaz and nodist.
Test for update with no data.
Create a py. io. terminal writer.
Return True if the object has a parent class of the base class of the object.
Plot the confound of a time series. The time series can be a float or a
Remove the common indent from a list of lines.
Update a provider location with a dictionary of items.
Get a view for the given service instance and object type. If no container is specified the
Load a library and return a ctypes object. If the library cannot be loaded None is returned
Save a list of images to a file.
Create a response object with the given headers body and status code.
Track the completion of a certificate and emit a certificate event if the user is a member of
Return a regex match for a flag at the given position in the string s.
Create a bdist_wheel package and write it to the release file.
Register a new user in the system. If the user is a mobile user will be redirected
Get the crafted version of the given gcode.
A route that returns a list of products for a given store.
Save the description to the database. Return True on success Return False on error Return False on
Handle an awful failure. Return a redditbroke link to the failure page.
Display the metrics for a given locale.
Send a message to the client. The message body can be either a string or None.
Calculate anova one way of the probability of a sequence of numbers.
Check if the population is available for the given unit id and table.
Test for atciqd and aticq spacetimes.
Return the QoS specification for a given volume type.
Cancel all API calls in the current apphosting runtime.
Return the number of windows of length m on buffers of length n.
Update the homepage download and box depending on the published state of the release.
Unlink all files from the given rc object.
Return a list of all the widgets in the system sorted by their name.
Checks if the current environment is in the GAE environment.
Compute the mutual incoherence between two vectors.
Expect warnings to be present in the context of the current object.
Get the metadata from a PDB file.
Convert a string to an integer. If the string can t be converted to an integer return
List all ACLs for a given bucket.
Create a default router with all the default values. This is useful when you don t want
Add a null handler to the root logger.
Return whether or not the request matches the S3 database.
Get recordings by ECHOPRINT.
Search for the first occurrence of a key in a sequence. Returns the index of the key
Create a cipher from a key and a parameters dictionary.
Reraise a translated exception. This is useful when you want to re - raise a
Assert that the logical line is not equal to any other logical line.
Get a list of payment provider portals for a given add - on or a user.
Create an embedded plot of a model.
Get the port number from the paper. Return 0 if the port is not on the paper
Return a string that can be used as a unique identifier for the current process. This is
Convert a CFArray to a list of CFTypes.
r Get the tetragrid for a given element and prefix. The tetrag
Return the longopt string for the given option. The option is translated using the xlate
Run a set of tests on the given VM.
Determine the best metaclass for a class based on a list of bases. If no meta
Returns the volume type with the given id.
Push a changelog to a git repository.
Compute resource volume sum.
Return a list of command line arguments from sys. flags and sys. warnoptions.
Fix the paths in the package data dict to match the paths in the package data dict.
Restart the minion with the given name. If the minion doesn t exist it will be created
Create an HTTP connection object and return a tuple of the parsed url and the connection object.
Calculate the precess rotation matrix for the given epoch.
Get all quota for a given project.
Returns a shallow copy of d1 and d2. d1 and d2 must be
Filter the attenuation of the signal h using the given frequency and gain.
Simplify a FGraph using the theano solver.
Join a list of strings into a single string.
Create a new tensor with the given name and dtype. If dtype is none the default is
Return the kinetic energy of a given velocity.
Return the set of elements that are in a but not in b.
Run a function in a profile.
Convert an array to the given dtype. If the dtype is the same as the array s
Get the key for a matrix.
Return the ip address validator for the given protocol and unpacking the given ipv4 address.
Apply a function to an element and return the result. If the element is a list or
Return a list of all environments exposed by the fileserver
Return True if the stdin is ready to be read False otherwise.
Delete all empty folders and folders that are not in the ignore list. If the ignore list
Babel translates a locale string into a locale string that is suitable for use in a
Multiplies the Fourier transform and returns the result. The resulting array is a copy of
Get a dict representation of the given object. This is useful when you want to get a
Check if the module should be skipped based on the number of bytes in the module.
Create a file client for the salt - minion. This is used to create a file client
Compress a KML string into a zip file.
Join an avatar to a group and add a callback to be called when the user is logged
Return True if the salt string is a virtual machine or False if it is a virtual machine
Format a datetime object into an ISO - 8601 formatted string.
Return True if obj is a tool load error.
Get a list of addresses from a comma - separated list of field values.
Check if a language is in a list of languages.
Load the data from the file and return it as a numpy. ndarray. The data is
Generate roots and weights.
Like zip except that it will raise an error if the number of arguments is not the same
Test model extension.
A context manager that runs a series of nested context managers. The context manager is used to
Write a value to a GPIO port.
Convert an EC2 id to an integer.
Set the custom site url from the generator settings. This is used to set the site url
Apply func to each group of the given match.
Test for refresh scores reset the score table and reset the score table to the latest score.
The main entry point for this script. This is the main entry point for the script.
Leave the current transaction management state.
Return a gcode string without redundancy.
Check if a rectangle is small enough.
Test enhancements for a list of domains.
Upload a file or a container to a container s container directory. If no path is given
Make a directory and raise an exception if it doesn t exist.
Test whether censure color image is unsupported.
A wrapper around subprocess. Popen that logs the command and returns the stdout and stderr of the
Validate actions in target.
Create a glorotal normal vector.
Inserts a newline at the current cursor position and moves the cursor to the end of the line
Get a list of all the javascript files in the xmodule. js directory.
XOR the given buffer with the given key.
Split a list of frags into a list of lines. The first line is the first
Truncate a string to a certain number of characters.
Force a string to be unicode. If the string is already unicode it will be converted to
Convert a location to a URL. If strict is True the location will be converted to a
Check if sgemv fix is needed.
Generate the texinfo for the inheritance diagram.
Computes the difference between the two images and returns a new image.
Returns a list of comments for the given token.
Get the user for a given token. The token is expected to be in the form of
Strips HTML tags attributes and styles from the given string or iterable. If unclean
Run the hook for the hg - hook command. This is the main entry point for the
Return a boolean indicating whether the system is running on a virtual machine. If the system is
Show a review for a given id. If the id is already in the database it will
Return a verbose version of the given lookup expression.
Test that symarray is a numpy array with the same shape as the symbols in str.
Returns the first directory in a path or None if path is not a directory.
Attach a volume to a context.
Return a list of unique vertexes from a list of loops.
List all available interfaces. If verbose is True print all available interfaces. If verbose is False
Get the class of an object.
Get the option for a given method.
Solves the absolute value of a function f in a given domain.
Test the functionality of the application.
Prompts the user for a yes or no answer.
Get the limit parameter from the GET request.
Convert an HTTP response to a dictionary.
Pull a git repository from the origin. If the user does not have git installed redirect to
Get the next available CTID.
Wrap a socket with a simple SSL connection.
Logs a successful login to the user s audit log.
Parse the total storage limit from the queue configuration.
Test np. random numbers for equality with numpy. random. random_uniform.
Run offline migrations.
Get the email preferences for a given user id.
Convert HTML to LaTeX.
Return a list of all of the OpenFlow modules installed on the system.
Checkout the user s shopping cart with the given parameters.
Reset all permissions for a given document type to their default values.
Evaluate a list of definitions for an annotation. If index is not specified all definitions are evaluated
Check if a value is a simple type.
Scale an image to the given side length.
Log the query count for a given query point.
Create a simple block from a list of tuples and a dtype.
Returns the Iddr - Aidi value for the given m n and k.
Return a list of template ids for a given template name or None if the template name is
Get the remote IP address from the request meta data or None if there is none.
Get the first batch of commands from the database.
Get the user s home directory or None if it s not in the current working directory.
Return a hash of a list of conda packages.
Return True if filename is a text file False otherwise.
Return the currently active view or None if there is no active view.
Check if a point is close inline or not.
Convert an integer to an integer in the range [ 0 num ) where num is a long
Returns True if all arguments are lowercase. Otherwise returns False.
Truncates the given sequences to the given base position and returns the new sequences and the new
Check the spacing of parenthesis in a line.
Common initialization for LDAP connections.
check if a vrouter or a lb interface exists in a vrouter or a lb interface
Return the current version of pkgin.
Setup the platform and add the devices to the Hass instance.
translates a string to the SABnzbd ASCII format.
Compute the similarity matrix for the given feature vectors.
Return a string representation of the size of a variable in bytes.
Serialize a Python object into a Python object. The object will be serialized using pickle.
Returns True if the user has the given permission on the request.
Get a prototype from a dictionary. If the dictionary is not a dictionary it will be created
get or create a user list from sailthru client
Run a list of packages and run them in a tox environment. If a package fails
Test label consistency.
Return the version of dipy.
Generate an MD5 shard of a word.
Return the mro of this class and all of its sub - classes.
Test for a random number of new customer rows in the database. This is useful for testing
Setup the platform with Zig - BLE light and digital - out devices.
Replace all slashes in text with their real values.
Return True if the salt string is a virtual machine or False if it is a virtual machine
Set the trimpoints in the SFF file.
Create an annotated table from the given data.
Remove all access for a given volume type from a given project.
View the persona of an addon. If the addon is a public add - on the
Create a virtual server in the specified load balancer.
Test read noformat arbitrary file. This is a no - format test that reads a file
Encrypt data with OHDave s algorithm.
Create a fake object with a queue and an event. The test function will be called when
test read no header autocolumn no header
Delete a volume s metadata.
Parse a circ entry and return the fingerprint and nickname.
Concatenate a list or tuple into a single tuple if it s a list or tuple.
Increase the retention period of a stream by a given number of hours.
Parse an RFC822 formatted date string into a datetime. datetime object.
Get a list of all active website users.
Split a string into a list of paths.
Wrap the input array into the output array with repeat number of times. The output array is
Get the label for a given changeset.
Return a relative path from base to relativee. If relativee starts with basepath it will
Decode a timestamp string into a tuple of timestamp objects.
Return True if filepath is a file or directory and has a hidden attribute.
Run a command and return its output as an integer.
Test writing to a file in a temporary directory. The file is written to a temporary file
Return the status of a job
Create a new enumerator from a sequence.
Add or update a repo in a module.
Return True if the system is running on a virtual machine. If the system is running on
Return the physical information of the packet. The physical information is calculated using the current timing and
Build a VSEPR answer from a geometry and a list of atoms.
Returns a tuple with a boolean and a string indicating whether or not we are in a virtual
Validate bitmap.
Generate a list of tiles for the specified number of tiling points.
NLTK demo 18 +
Check if a locale is available on the system.
Strip site theme templates path from URI.
Copy a Bazaar file from a remote server to a temporary directory.
Checks if two token lists are identical. Returns True if the lists are identical False otherwise.
Test coercing fill value type.
Get the crafted text of a file. If the file does not exist it will
Read a 4 - byte integer from the file - like object f.
Get a list of all the package ids in a given package.
Get the full path to the makefile.
Test two active items.
Generate a random integer id.
Test file system enumerations.
Calculate the apparent position in true coordinates.
Escape a string so that it can be used as an HTML string in a template.
Given a subnet id and a subnet name describe the details of that subnet.
Ensure a distance object is a spatial distance object.
Format a subplot as a time series date axis.
Trains an activation model with an activation function and a gaussian correlate and tied
Encode a set of strings into a list of strings.
Return True if obj is an nltk. tree. tree.
Example of describe dhcp options
Test for the difference between the icrs and the icrs.
Convert an attribute to a local name.
Escape script characters in text.
Get a new repository.
Extract a member from the archive to the given target path.
Calculate the TPU of a list of vectors.
Read the raw file and return it as a dict. If the file doesn t exist it
Register a formatter with a given name. The formatter will be called with the given name.
Takes a list of tagged sentences and chunks them into N - grams.
Return a string representation of the given context dict.
Get a module class from a class path.
Add locks to the lock wrapper element.
Create an outer join of the left and right joins. The onclause can be one of
Skips testtools tests from the given line if it matches the testtools skip decorator.
List members of a list.
Given a rule and a trigger file return the set of inputs and outputs for that rule.
Toggle skill subscription.
Get a service from the Hass instance. If discovery info is not provided then return the
Test for rfill of a string with a number of zeros.
Get a list of node IDs and zones for a given node number in the buddyinfo
Validates that the given name is a valid GCS bucket name.
test pendulum angular momentum
Get an entity group from a reference.
Add a weight regularizer to a variable.
Pads a tensor to the left by padding it with zeros.
Check if the current platform is an x64 architecture.
Test the phase slope of a signal.
Register a callback that will be called when the application is finished.
Generate a cookie secret that can be used as a cookie value for a request.
Get spider stats.
Check if a given md5 is valid for a given vt key. Return the number of
Print out the data to the console.
Dense orthogonal random variates.
Make a deep copy of some keys in a dictionary.
Coerce the given path to a filesystem object with the given encoding. If the given path
Return the average score of the permutation test.
Update the file at path with the given value. If timestamp is None the file will be
Context manager for expect warnings on the given database. If the database is a string it will
Open a PTY on the master and return a tuple of the file descriptor and slave file
Test for double installation of a given script.
Test that the world should be able to absorb lambdas.
Check if a user has access to delete a dictionary.
Returns a string representation of the argument. If the argument is none an error is raised.
Check if a string is a valid reference name.
Provide a fake worker for a given group.
Make a histogram from a list of numbers.
Convert a signal number to an integer.
Create a new instance of the script class.
Return True if the salt string is a virtual machine.
Return a copy of the given dict with all values converted to strings.
Find the intersection between x and s. delta is the distance between x and s.
Expands environment variables in a file path and returns the expanded path. This is useful for
test itersource two join nodes
Parse a GFF attribute string into a dictionary of attribute names and values.
Restore a backup from a minion to a given path.
Return a dict of links to the S3 summary for the given resource and url.
Sort a dictionary in reverse order by the given key.
Make daily promotions.
Get a list of ids for a given field in a list of lines. If bad ids
Get the partners of the fragment at the given index in the given list of nodes.
test writing table html with masked fill values
Randomly bootstrap straps from the input data.
Return the index corresponding to the given index or None if the index is out of range.
Create a new dashboard in the specified orgname. If no orgname is specified the default
Coerce a port number to an integer.
Create a numa cell from a host cell and an instance cell. If the instance cell
Test store of magic numbers.
Start a new worker thread with the given concurrency pool and log level.
Get the contents of a static file. If the file does not exist it will be created
Check if two variables are the same graph with the merge algorithm.
A simple example of how to print a sample of text. This is a simple example of
Return a list of all request states.
Calculate the CRC of a string.
Get a list of typelibs for a given module and version.
Return a list of all nictags in the system.
Flattens a list of dictionaries into a list of sorted lists. If sort is True
Print a course.
Loads a template from the given taglib. If the taglib is a string it will
Euclidean distance between y and y + 1 and return the result as a numpy array.
Make a PUT request to the given URL with the given data.
Revokes an approval from the given path.
Return True if x is an integer or a scalar like. If x is not an integer
Return a generator that yields the overlapping rectangles and the maximum and minimum probabilities of the matches
Ensure that the given text is unicode. If it is it will return it. Otherwise it
Create a native Python list from a set of items.
Return a queryset of published entries filtered by start and end publication date.
Reinitializes the package manager. This is called when the package manager is reinitialized.
Render a single page.
Validate repoweb.
Get the latest episode for a given series.
Convert x to a sequence. If x is a numpy array it will be converted to a
test ica reject buffer
Generate a format string for the given struct t. The format string will be formatted according to
Get a list of stories from a file - like object or file - like object.
Get the ABI tag from the config file.
Return a list of all floating ips on the cloud
Saturate a color by a percentage.
Get the method for a given api id resource path and http method.
Create a notification for the given outgoing message.
Read a number of bytes from a file or file - like object and write it to the
Send a message to the slack server.
Get the backing memory map of an object or None if the object is not a memory map
Return a subclass of the current platform.
Convert a string with newlines and newlines replaced with a single line break.
Remove a file or directory from the local filesystem.
This is a stub method that will raise an error if the barrier is not available.
Get the IP address of the given request. If the request is None return the default.
Return True if the service is upstart False if the service is downstart
p declarator 1
Return the maximum width of a list of service names.
Configure a BGP network.
Test import from i. core. completerlib. try import
Test that multiproc nondaemon is false.
Kill an image.
Enable or disable the emacs editing mode on the command line.
Create a load balancer policy.
Show a list of changesets for a given user.
Get the manipulated geometry.
Return a dictionary describing the number of rows in the given data object.
Create a timedelta with the sign of the given value.
Convert a byte string to a long integer.
Get the datastore type for the given app.
Block average above a block of data. The new data is assumed to be in the same
Write the output to a file. If the file name is not specified the output will be
Return a list of all the available resource pools on the VMware environment
Find the type of the given subscription.
Render the content of the response with the given extra html. If the content is already injected
Calculate the HMAC of the given ETag using the given key and return it as a base64
Iterate over the color groups in the given mapping.
Return True if the system has the same number of features as the system. If the system
Register a simple bootstrap theme. This is the URL of the theme that will be used to
Return whether or not the group has volumes attached or with snapshots.
Get an instance of the database engine.
Get a design object from the database. If the user is not authorized to access the design
Count the number of items in a collection.
Unbans a user from the list of users in the twitter database.
Translate a string to a greek - style string.
Register a packet to a remote peer.
Rename a video s transcripts.
Return a list of models for the given app labels.
Receive a message from the queue and send it to the appropriate function. If the message is
Clean the name of an IAM account.
Return True if path points to a reparse point.
Generate a generic md5 hash from a password.
Send a command to the qutebot and wait for it to finish before sending it.
Get all remote methods in a given namespace.
Return a tuple containing the IP attempts date and matches for the given ticket.
Refresh the configuration from the given policy file. If no file is given the configuration will be
Add a zone slave to the master device.
test dcos api with mock dcos client
Take a number of elements from an iterable and return them as a list.
Make a valuation from a list of concepts.
Empty the latest listing of a container.
Return a list of words from a line of text.
Display a list of all pages and folders in the treeio administration section.
Collect attribute columns from a set of specifications.
Raises a runtime error with a message of the given name.
Get the bridge direction from a set of loops. If no loops are below the given set
Run a process on the device and return its output.
test min informative str
Load a collection from a configuration dictionary. The configuration dictionary can be a dict or a module
De - authenticate the clients and the channels. If monchannel is True the clients will be
Display whois information for a given domain.
Create and return a list of tool dependency objects for the given app and tool shed.
Log an info message to the console. This is useful when you want to log a message
Create a new flowgram file with n and l number of characters. If filename is none
Calculate the age of a given date.
Create a new bloom filter.
Check if boto3 is installed and if so return a tuple with the boto3 version and
Given an expression return a list of Clause objects where each item in the list is a
Return True if value is less than arg.
Export a dataset book to a text file.
Get the bandwidth usage for the given uuid and time period. If no time period is specified
Convert a mathematical expression to a doprint expression.
Register a new language manager with the given manager.
Convert an unsigned string to a byte string using the given format.
Step command output should contain multiple times.
Get element node by key.
A context manager that sets sys. stdout and sys. stderr to fake stdout and stderr.
Delete an event from the system. If the event does not exist it will be created.
Check that o1 and o2 are close to num museconds per day.
Plot unit points on a matplotlib plot.
Parse a list of host names into a set of host names.
Get the retention policy for a given database and name.
Returns True if the coordination backend is configured and is not mock.
Parse a 227 reply.
Start a VM and return a dict with the state of the machine. If no call is
Check that all fields are valid pg type and field name.
Test the suffix of hug. input and hug. output.
Return the diff between the old and new pipeline definitions. The old and new pipeline definitions are
Return the absolute filename of the given object. If filename is none return the source file of
Get the distance between a text and a GCode object.
Read style files from a style directory and return a dictionary of style names to rc params.
Return the product of all factors in a list of expressions.
Create a media list from a media list.
Detects the peak at time t in a time series m. The peak at time t
Return a list of all objects matching the given regex. If typ is specified only return objects
Get information about an image
Generate the CRC16 table for a given number of bytes.
Indent a string with a given number of spaces. If indentfirst is True the first line
Show a list of all persons in the database.
Move a ship to a specific position.
The handler for the activation of a certificate in a course. The handler will check if the
Show the current system settings as a list of strings sorted by key and value sorted by key
Get the tag of a node.
Make a new HEAD at the given path in the given repository.
Return True if the path points to a symbolic link.
A benchmark for the R7 test.
Call a command and raise an error if it fails. Returns the number of executed command.
Collapses line breaks in a string into a single string.
Categorical cross entropy.
Get a work by its id.
Calculate the emboss of an image with a given angle ele and dep.
Change the modification time of a file or directory. If the file or directory is a file
This is the main entry point for the script. It connects to a Tlsext
Calculate the square root of a distribution along a given axis.
Delete a key from the config file. If the key does not exist it will be created
Create a pony middleware instance for the given app.
Build a request for the given direction type and recipient.
Get the next barcode from a sequence and a sequence of bytes.
Test the update follower of a given user.
Open an object in the current window. The object can be a string or a file object
Create a cache cluster.
Returns whether or not the given argument is nullable. If the argument is nullable it is nullable
Convert an integer to a string.
Remove entries in the blacklist from dirnames and filenames.
Generate a list of strings with the given length.
Create a new token store. If fpath is None the default token file will be created.
Divide two vectors and return the result as a vector. If one and other are not
Generate a random string of the given length.
Log a result to the Naglog logger.
Commit all changes to the database. If no database is given the default database is used.
Generate a md5 hash of a list of resources.
Create a channel for a client.
Writes the documentation for a given app to a directory. If no target is specified it will
Format the serial number of a field as a string.
Find the last modified time of the utmp file.
Get the hashes of the updated changes for a given changeset.
Get a dictionary of all attribute names of an object.
Compute the adjacency spectrum of a graph.
Wang - Ryzin regulation.
Stream changes from a transaction pointer to a namespace. This is a generator that yields the changes
Return an lcf graph with the desargues in the order they appear in the graph
Close a connection to the database. If no arguments are passed the connection will be closed.
Return a generator that yields all the sockets in the given address space.
Return a list of all elements in set1 that are present in set2.
Convert to fixed orthonormal.
Wrap x to be between m and m.
Import a library from XML files.
Get the desired version of a package from a dictionary. If the package does not exist it
Redirect to an anonymous page.
Get the value of a key in a dictionary.
Returns a boolean indicating if virtual mode is enabled or a string indicating if virtual mode is disabled
STATUS ENQUIRY Section 9. 2. 5. 1
test lex line counting multi inner
Return the grains for a given host user and password. If the user or password are not
Get the Education Level for the S3 REST API.
Locate the web server path for the given description. If the description is not found an
Convert a Python object to a JSON object.
Delete a file or directory from the default storage backend.
Filter the preconditions of a list of classes and return a list of classes that should be
Create a shared sparse tensor from a scipy. sparse. spmatrix object.
Negates the uminus of the number in the expression p and returns the result.
Test quartiles.
Clean the value of a setting. If the setting is hidden it will return a string.
Return the plural form of the given object. If n is not specified the count of the
Install a flocker package on all nodes in the cluster.
The test process never starts. This is a no - op if the process is already started
Raises an AssertionError if first is not the same as second.
Delete an object from the database. If the object doesn t exist it will be created.
Convert a dictionary or string to a urlencoded string. If the value is not a string
Invalidate the module pricing cache for the given driver type and driver name.
Get a list of all available regions for the current account.
Return a string with the header of a column. If no name is given the column name
Compute the entropy of a vector.
Assign a variable name to the current statement.
Strip trailing spaces from the given nodetext and return the resulting text as a string.
Register a bundle with the registry. If the bundle already exists it will be replaced with the
Compute the distance between x and x + 1 and return the result as an integer.
Match a TS file and return a tuple of the match the set and the number of the
Reset a user s password.
Find the number of repeats in an array. The array must be compressed. If the array
Return the best guess for the given string. If no guess is found the default value is
A fake implementation of horcm. horcm. horcm. running with no arguments.
Return True if the element is at the start of the body.
Get old package revision license ids.
Set up a colormap tuple.
Create a summary of the activation of a tensor.
Return a list of the published posts of a category.
Decorator to register a VolumeDriver class to be used as a driver for the current volume.
Find the start of a score in a matrix. If alignment is set to True the start
URL - quote the given URL. If safe is set to str it will be converted to
Spawn a new process and wait for it to finish.
Test if a failed download is in progress. If so update the stub. data with the
Calculate the exponent of an integer x using the power - of - 2 power - of -
Update a gecos variable. If the variable does not exist it will be created.
Print an error message to stderr and return the number of the error.
Check if the media is parsed and return the parsed media object.
Test bdf data.
Unpack a file from a link to a location.
Display a message and a button to reset the dialog. This is the main entry point for
Filter by latest changeset revision that includes tools and missing test components.
Parse a URL string into a URL object. If url is already an instance of urlparse.
Solve a matrix using JIT and return the result as a numpy array.
Update an existing resource in a zone.
Convert an iterator to a resource record set.
Return True if the salt string is a virtual machine or False if it is a virtual machine
Clear all task instances from the database.
Return the URL of the frontend server.
Draw a unified line plot of the bounding box bn with the given frequency and channel idx.
Check if the user has fulfilled prerequisites for the given course.
Get the value of an attribute of a CUDA object.
Test inverse operator bads.
Return a list of all the processes in the system in the given space.
Convert a string to snake case.
Return the response as a JSON object. If the response has a json method it will be
Get the intersection of a list of tables with a given number of intersections. The intersection is
Insert one or more inbounds into a list of strides along a given axis.
Get a list of project names from the config file. If the config file does not exist
Check if two entries are the same.
This is the method that will be called when the callback is called. It will be called
Print an array to the console. This is useful for debugging and debugging purposes.
Get the current theme. If request is not provided the current theme will be returned.
Read a list of keys from a given base and key.
Get a list of event handlers for a given event.
Get a list of all enabled services.
The main entry point for Spyder. This is the entry point for Spyder s main
Check if field name is valid.
Return a formatted salt - generated config header.
Fetch a list of versions of a given tool from a given repository.
parse cap gis location xml post
Callback for client info. Returns a list of tuples containing the command and the number of the
t Return the template path and type of the template with the given name. If the template
PAGING REQUEST TYPE 2
Get the path to the fabmetheus version file. This is the name of the fab
Export a book as a JSON string.
Get the schema for the action s parameters.
Estimates the log - likelihood of the AIS with the given weights.
Test the following of a script. The following is done by checking the types of the script
Return the joyent state of the given node id.
Format a device object into a string. This is useful when you want to format a device
Returns a tuple of the HTTP status code and the message of the given value.
Get the md5 hash of the file at the given path using the given run function.
Get the application id from the environment. If the environment is not set it will return the
Detach a zone from the system. The zone can be a uuid or a string.
Encrypt data using AES - CBC and AES - CIPHER.
Return a list of all storage accounts.
Test writing invalid toplevel meta data.
Create a symbolic link from source to destination.
Generate a random number with the given number of bits.
Check that n jobs is a valid number of jobs.
Read a symbolic link from a file or directory and return it as a unicode string.
Get the current logging level.
Convert a list of strings to a dictionary of key - value pairs.
Load all shows from the database.
check if a file is written and write it if not raise an error if it is not
Return the key to wait for a message to be sent or - 1 if the message is
Create a new directory with a lock on the given file. If the file already exists it
Add a schema entry for a given model type and property name.
Returns a function that takes a string and converts it to a function. The function is called
Convert a date to a datetime object. If the date is already a datetime it will be
Apply an offset to the given matrix and return the transformed matrix. The offset will be applied
A test job that prints the results of the job. This is useful when you want to
Find a resource by name or id. If name or id is a string it will try
Test for aligned memory.
Determine if we should profile the current environment.
Validate that the length of a string is within a given range.
Forces HTML escaping of the given value. If the value is a string it will be
Return a list of tuples of track ids and their values.
Register a class as a type. If type url is not provided it will be computed from
Unified strdate to datetime. datetime. datetime. datetime. datetime. datetime object.
Format an IPv6 address in the form of an IPv6 address string.
Parse assigned metadata from a CSV file.
Check if the request host is in the whitelist.
Delete a user from the database.
Welcome widget. This widget is used to display the welcome message.
Return True if the user is a virtual machine or False if it is not a virtual machine
Lifts the absolute value of a node into a list of the absolute values of the
Return the last argument in a list of ctypes. ctypes. ctypes. ctypes. ctypes.
Generate the translations for the given item.
Check if a graph is a threshold.
Get the account id from an ARN.
Wrapper for talib. cdlpiercing.
Assert that the event is a datasource protocol.
Update the global vmx path so that it can be re - used later.
Return a list of all the static units on the system.
Convert a schema object into a dictionary of schema names to their corresponding schema objects.
Forces the user to exit with an error message.
Evaluate an expression using a parallel polynomial. If auto is True then the expression will be evaluated
Context manager to suspend proxy edits.
p struct or union specifier 1
Return a numpy array of the given shape with the given dtype.
Create a query to filter the documents by the given arguments. The arguments are passed to the
Return an S3 resource that can be used to create an S3 resource.
Convert a dict of lookups to a dictionary of url parameters.
Process xmodule assets and print them to stdout.
Treat a machine dict as a dictionary of strings and format them as a string.
Print an error message to the given stream and exit with the given exit code.
Check if a device is mounted on the system.
Return True if the minion is a virtual minion or False if it is not a virtual minion
Check if a segment is completely contained in a list of intersections.
List all available languages.
Convert a RADS file to a RADSEC file.
Return a new T object with the literal contents of the T object. If the T object
Return the evidence URL for the given user id and course key.
Test the suggestions for the given keyhint with the given key config.
Set the i - th element of pvect to 0 and return the new pvect.
Scale a value to the range of numbers between inlow and outlow and outhigh.
Returns a tuple with the root id parent id and the index of the item.
Display a user s details. If the user is a ban and the user doesn t have
Creates a cell is rule. The operator can be one of the following. The operator can
Get a list of all python directory names in a given directory. If no directory is given
Convert a model to an entity schema.
Remove a jacket from the container.
Convert a value to a float. If the value is not a float it will return None
Return a list of all nodes in the cluster. If no nodes are selected return all nodes
Randomly sample from a mixture of means and standard deviations.
View a currency.
Verify that the code exists in the given revision.
Set the type of the property.
This is the main entry point for the application. It is the main entry point for the
Return the identity response packet.
Resolve a PDF object to a single value. If the object is not a PDF return the
Register the user and its roles to the identity s provides list. This is called when the
Check if a config file is sensitive or not.
Count the number of records in a BIFF file.
Install a Python module as a GNU repository.
Create a deferred that will fail with the given result.
Delete an instance from the cache. If the instance does not exist it will be created.
Prints the equality and not equality predicates.
Return a list of all repos in the project.
Return a list of doctests for the given text file.
Fetch the value of an option from the configuration file.
Returns True if the value is True otherwise returns False.
Anonymize the given interface with a random mac. The mac will be anonymized
Returns a string representation of the given arguments. If no arguments are given all arguments are returned
Return True if the system state has the given action and the status is the same as the
Redirect to the root page of the site.
Convert a mobius to an interval using the given field.
Display the account settings page.
Test huge cross product.
Get the support for the Mail API.
Parse an RFC822 formatted date string into a datetime. date object.
Convert a datetime object to an ISO 8601 string.
Calculate the threshold of a bayesian distribution.
Read a big endian integer from a file - like object and return it as a generator.
Get a compute node by host and node name.
Example of how to create a category links plugin with a customer and a list of groups.
Sort a string into a list of integers. If the string is an integer it will be
Set power state.
Close a cover for a given entity. If no id is given all coveres are closed
Extract key - value pairs from a list of parameters.
Convert a percent value to an integer. If the value is a string it will be converted
Get the file name of a given object.
Get a list of images for a given model.
Upscale an image by the given ratio.
Return the least common element of a polynomial. If the polynomial is empty return the zero value
Concatenate a list of XML files into a single XML string and a checksum.
Check correctness of a channel - wise random number generator.
Check if the command is a daemonize command. If it s a daemonize command run
Add a gain command to be replayed. This command is not supported by MPD.
Get all the audit log entries that are older than the given offset and are older than the
Test that all modules are in the same directory as the current module. This is done by
Get the image metadata from the system metadata dictionary.
Stop the running salt - minion. Returns True if the salt - minion is stopped False otherwise
Print a job to the returner
Run a function in a new thread. The function will be called in a new thread.
Get a port object from a device id.
Sleep for duration milliseconds.
Calculate the average of the values in a given temperature. The average is calculated by summing
Get the thickness of an element.
Test stockwell API.
Subscribes to a string and pushes it to the out URL.
Return a list of strings from a file.
Connect to the Cloud Block Storage service.
Convert a datetime object to an ordinal float.
Test for importance of the sympy pi module.
Return a server error response.
Create a category from a sequence of category names.
Return the filename of the renewal file for the given lineagename.
Return a list of all registered collectors.
Return the number of CPU cores running on the system.
Return a list of absolute paths for the given plugin package name.
Show the current nesting exception for the current request.
Write complex128 data to a FITS file.
Expand a list of columns into a list of columns based on the given order by function.
Fit the model and test the nearest neighbours of the model.
Checks to see if a topic exists. If name is a string it will return True if
Sort an iterator in batches of a given size and write to a temporary file.
Get the date of a given commit id. If no commit is found None is returned.
Find the release date of the given XBlock.
Get a connection to the Mailgun server.
Get a random seed number.
Test the schema of a file against a requirements. txt file. The file is written to
Delete a thread. The user must have permission to delete the thread. If the request method
Test to delete a draft from crispin s drafts folder.
Run the given test suite in the given stream. If no stream is given print the test
Insert a new record into the database.
Get the current viewport of the current context. The viewport is a pointer to an array of
Update a port with the given id and mac address in the given calico network.
Generate a random salt of a given length.
Read directory changes from a file or directory handle. If recursive is True the directory changes are
Test the learning rate schedule for a single step. The learning rate schedule can be used to
Check if an image is present on the server.
Parse the given module text and return the resulting module object.
Raises an exception with the given arguments.
Normalize a version string into a normalized version string. If a build string is provided it will
Register a crispy addon.
Context manager to hide the specified attributes from the given object. If the object is not None
Acquire a lock for the current thread. If the current thread is a thread the lock will
Initialize the terrain module with the given state and return the terrain module.
Run a studio server.
Return a sequence of attachments.
Open an error resource.
Return a list of xobjects for the given symb and length. If symb is
Check if a cookie is confirmed by the user.
The main loop for sending messages. This is the main loop that is run in a separate
Install a list of packages from the given xbps path. state is the state of the
Download setuptools.
Test for html inputter with bs4 data.
Scan a directory and file for videos.
Calculate the total volume of an inv item.
Print all the queries that have been made to the database. This is useful for debugging.
Return the ground of a list of numbers u. If c is empty return a list of
Get the documentation for a given file. If the file does not exist it will be created
Test scenario with inline comments.
Return a human readable resource for the S3 database.
Find the path of a file in a given app.
Convert an address into an endpoint address.
Create a temporary directory and return the path to it.
Get content parents from the database. If no ids are provided all parents are returned.
List followees of a user.
Add a batch axis to a variable.
Print a random logo of the Cuckoo Cuckoo version. The logo is colored
Split a host into its host and port. If no port is found None is returned.
Clone a repository.
Split a string into a version number and the version string.
replace or append a string in the policy file
Return the next occurrence of a bracket between the start and the end of the bracket.
List all teams in the organization.
Get a note from s3db. dvr. person. person_id.
Get a list of the current privs for the current process. The list of privs
Set the default CORS headers and methods for all requests.
Yields all files with the given suffix in the given base directory.
Show the weights of a model.
Convert a timestamp to UTC.
Get the cohorting settings for a given course.
Extrude a file from the archive to the given filename. The filename is assumed to be
Get a list of notifications from a list of targets on a given list of endpoints.
Add num outputs layers to a network.
Test the prefix of a table. This is useful when you want to test the prefix of
Check if a view is a list.
Test gemini v1. 2.
Expect an extra argument to be present or not. Raise an exception if it is not present
Return the unwrapped ball of the given data.
Make two grids from x1 and x2. x1 and x2 must be
Get a set of keys from the memcache. The keys must be a list of keys.
A simple parametrization for extracting an array from a numpy array. This is useful
Assert that the given response is a valid response.
Unescape the given text.
Initialize the given module with the given libc object. Raises an error if the module is
Find the base image for a given flavor and size.
Test the exponential distribution of a number and a string. This test is done by comparing the
Remove null refct calls and pairs from the basic blocks of the given function.
Add glacier checksums to the request.
Parse a list or tuple of colors and return a new color object.
Try to open the given request and return the response as a tuple. If the request fails
Pull an image from the docker server.
Test that ensure list is a list of comma - separated values.
Called when a message is sent. Prints the message to the console and stops the reactor
Create a virtual device on a virtual machine.
Return the difference between two sets of modules.
Return a comparator for two date values.
Open a file on a Quteproc.
Convert a document id sentiment and label into a JSON string.
Check to see if a host is absent
Copy all files in the source folder to the destination folder. If the destination folder does not
Test that the description of a feature is the same as the long name.
Search for a package in the registry and register it in the registry. If the package is
Update the universe of order books.
Return the other endian of the given type.
Interpolate the input array along a given axis with a depth of depth.
Prints the confusion matrix for the given class names.
Convert a list of items to a dictionary.
Get a list of EIP addresses associated with the account.
Dump a function as a pickle string.
Unpack the bits of a cupy array into a cupy. ndarray.
Create a blank line.
Send a message to the broker.
Destroy an instance from the cloud
Read in a config file and return a dictionary of the keys and values in the file.
Extend a salt directory with a specific extension.
Call a function over a thread - safe context.
Group messages by their class and id.
Returns a string of length l with num characters removed. If the string is longer than l
Get the index of the closest point to the given loop.
Get the indent word from the source string.
Convert a datetime object to a timestamp.
Return a generator of feature and probability for each document in documents. The top parameter specifies the
Return a list of all floating IPs on the minion
Returns a dictionary of extra data to be added to the debug context.
Check if an address is included in an IPv6 network.
Get the oauth settings from the database.
Add a new user to a list.
Combines a list of strings into a list of strings with a single whitespace character.
Jitter the envelope of the data with respect to xvals. If violin is True
Return True if meipass is a frozen version of sys. meipass False otherwise
Build all the HTML and LaTeX files.
Calculate the calibration matrix for a matrix of size sz.
Compute the rank of the data in x. The data is assumed to be sorted by the
Parse the command line arguments and run the markdown command.
Calculate the log likelihood of an array of arbitrary length with respect to the first element of the
Test for lexeme < = text1 < text2.
Import data from a CSV file into the store. Returns the number of rows imported.
Convert a string to a URL - safe slug.
Return a unittest suite for the current module.
extend links to a single link or a single link or a list of links to a single
Render a template to a string. If a context is provided it will be updated with the
Get a list of library directories from a config file.
Create a UDP packet from the src dst and payload.
Swap two rows in a list of matrices. The order of the rows in the list is
Print progress by string.
Set the internal error status and output to the context object. This is used for internal errors
Round the elements of mat to the nearest integer. If no target is provided the result is
Concatenate a list of lists into a single list.
Get information about an object in an environment.
Return True if l is a list.
Kill the given coroutine and return its result.
Fusion local addition and multiplication of scalar ops.
Fetch a list of inactive registration ids from the apns server. If no certfile is
Check if a key is expired. If it is add it to the url and return it
Validate a config dict to make sure it is a dictionary and that it is a string.
Return a list of the ancestry of the given path.
Sends a decision email to the user if the user is not contacted or if the user
Start a gluster volume. If force is set to True the volume will not be started
Get the number of simulations in the system.
Remove pyc and pyo from a file if it exists.
Test if a string is missing an argument from the output of pip.
Resolve a document to a user s permissions.
Initialize the module with the given state and return a pointer to it. The module will be
Log an exception with the given level and traceback. If level is str the traceback will be
Run the decompiler on the given data. The decompiler can be either jad or
Nova localization for the given tokens. This is the main entry point of the parser.
Test senn bad ratio.
Load the configuration from the file system and return it as a dict. The default configuration is
Convert a list of bytes to an integer.
Parse an update rule into a dictionary. If the rule contains more than the number of updates
Log multivariate normal density with spherical covars.
Extract a zip file to the given directory.
Return the WSA attribute for the given operation. If no action is specified return None.
Return True if module is a vim object.
Return True if atrun is enabled on this minion.
Get a list of all sub - packages of a given package name.
Get the username for a given user id.
A context manager for testing a database. This is a context manager that can be used to
Checks if value is a valid imdb person id.
Test uuid type.
Get access token from code.
Freedman diaconis binning.
Set the value of a key to the given timestamp.
Render a template and write it to a file.
Verify that the certificate is valid. If not raise an exception. signature verification error.
Test that a random sample repeated computation is the same as the data in the database.
Return the spherical harmonic triangle between l1 l2 and l3.
Installs a function as a readline hook. The function will be called at the start of
Try to open an IPv6 socket. If it fails return False. Otherwise return True.
Check if a given port is open on a given host.
Create a web application with the given configuration. The application will be created using the webapp2
Build a file in a given jail. If keep is set to True the file will
Find a module in the current directory and return it as a Python object.
Parse an array of RGB values and return a tuple of RGB values.
Clean up a group name from the given string.
Create a new disk from a distribution.
Calculate the log - likelihood of the given observation. If scale is set to True then the
Ensure a dashboard is absent from the index. If the dashboard does not exist it will be
Create a new figure and return it as a Qt Canvas object.
Initialize a test with the given options and testdir. Returns a client object that can be
Generate an MD5 shard of a word.
Prepend www to url if it doesn t already have one.
Take a list of rows and return a list of rows with the values of the given field
Return a list of all theme dirs in the given themes dir.
Return the value of a node in the form of a label or a text type.
Show a key hint in the browser.
Add a heavy job to the given XML element.
Get the uplink portgroup for a given DVS and portgroup name.
Get the parent module for a given level. If no parent is found None is returned.
Verify that a bucket is writable. If it is it will try to create a new file
Registers the extensions for the files in the registry. The extensions are stored in the registry.
Convert x to unicode. If x is not a unicode string return it. If x is
Check if the argument is a valid URL.
Create a set variable with the given value.
Summarize the activations.
Return a dictionary of SNI stats for all of the IOs in the system.
Refines a value to a string or None if it s not a string.
Find the absolute numbering of a scene by id and absolute number.
Initialize an OSS instance and test that it is ready to be used.
Return True if the method is a static method of the given class.
Initialize a gamestate from an SGF.
Generate a new client library.
Set the SSL certificate for a given site.
The main entry point for this application. This is the main entry point for this application.
Strip the device prefix from the given device name and return the new device name.
Return a list of nameservers.
Convert an IPv6 address to a IPv6 address using the RFC 1924 mapping.
Return a query object for the given model. If the model has a query method it will
Sort a list of records by a given key and chunk size.
Create a tree of files in the given base directory.
Return the treetypes of the given AST rooted at the given AST root.
Return an iterator over all the containers in the cluster. If no host is given all containers
Get the name of an instance.
Register a new buffer in the editor and execute the action if the buffer is valid.
Get the ARN from the given name. If the name is already an ARN return it.
Set the position of a media player.
Create a dummy VM spec.
Load a list of summary protos from memcache and return them as a list of stats objects.
Extract a connection from urllib3.
Logarithmic interpolation between x and y.
Returns True if the graph has the same number of edges as the given nodes.
Return a bitmap of the given layer at the given coordinate.
Return a list of all the virtual network ids for a given name. If no name is
Display the financial assistance of the current user.
Remove a site from the system. Returns True if the site was removed False otherwise.
Get a semver version string from a list of strings.
Return True if the service is running. If no sig is provided the service will be run
Parse a version string into a tuple of integers.
Multiply two dimensions and return the result as an integer.
Get the language object for a given string.
Returns the web attack vector for a given attack.
Compute the regularization for the given alpha and l1 ratio and regularization.
Make an HTTP GET request to the specified URL and return the result as a dict.
Return a dictionary with the name of an index template that does not exist in the index.
Create a palette with a light color and a button color.
Check if a link is available on the system.
Test if a string is invisible. This is useful when you want to load a javascript file
True if the current token is a string.
Parse a GID string into an integer or a group object.
Return True if the environment variable str is a standard environment variable or False if it is not
Register a Mason driver with the given MasonManager instance.
Return a snapper object for the given jid
Return the number of CPUs in the system as a logical number.
Test consistency with CPU serial.
Write contents to a file with the given name. If the file does not exist it will
Takes one or more numpy arrays and returns them as a list of numpy. ndarrays.
Run a command and return its output or raise an error if a keyboard interrupt occurs.
Run the test program.
View a single time slot.
Test the all - knn test.
Returns the size of the file at the given path. If the file does not exist returns
Return a REST interface to the S3 subscription API.
Find an executable in the current working directory.
Return a list of points in the harrisim that are within the specified range.
Encode a list of rings into a numpy array of the same shape as the input array.
Serialize data to a pickle file.
Set a basic logger with a warning level.
Validate the device and partition.
Return a list of messaging urls.
Truncate an alert to a maximum of max bytes.
Return the path to the GDB binary or raise an error if it can t be found
Convert from 7 l7777 m to 4 bits.
converts a list of objects to a list of objects sorted by the type of the object
Get the RAR version number from the given xfile. If the xfile is not
Returns the URL for the given view name with the given arguments and kwargs. If the request
Redirect the user to the given location with the given code. If the location is a view
Test scenario post email.
Generate a new SSH key and add it to the user s list of host keys.
The default load option. The default load option is the default relationship strategy. The default strategy
Enter XML in advanced problem.
Display a boolean icon.
Return the SQL statement to flush the tables and sequences to the database. If no tables are
Upload an image stream to a VM using the optimized version of the vmdk size.
Create a new audio stream with a fixed duration. If n is set to True it will
Invert the quaternion of a transformation matrix. This is the inverse of the transformation matrix.
Generate a list of targets from a file or directory.
The main entry point for this script.
Display a twitter inbox in s3. The inbox is stored in s3db. msg
Get a list of users.
Destroy a virtual machine.
Write data to a file with no header and no delimiter.
Return True if w is a weight and all of its components are dyad.
Check if an object is in a nested list.
Bump the version of the python package.
Convert a string value to a bson. bson. ObjectId.
Check if the user is logged in.
Parse the content of a response. If strict is set to True the content will be decoded
Validate that the value is an instance of server mode.
Execute a command on a specific plugin
Check that the given estimator is fit on the given data.
Load the LDFLAGS file into the cache. The cache is a dictionary where the
Return - 1 if f is less than g or + 1 if f is greater than g
Make a list slug from the given name.
Parse a version string into a Version object.
Return the virtual name of the machine.
Return a list of items that are in baselist and are in comparelist.
Get a document as a JSON object.
Import a module by name and return a tuple of the imported module and the name of the
Return a list of the names of the primary keys of a model.
Modify a packet with optional low - layer compatibility and high - layer compatibility and reverse - call
Swaps the xapi host with the given host addr and returns a new url with the
Extract a snapshot from a disk.
Get the diff matrix for a given dimension and axis.
Get a list of domains from a certificate.
Check if a symlink is owned by the given user and group.
Define all the servers in the config file. This function is called when the config file is
Return the number of CPUs on the system.
Setup the platform with the given configuration. If the configuration is invalid then nothing is done.
Reopen the given zpool and return a dictionary of the results. If the zpool
Quit the application. This is the default implementation of the quit command.
Return a list of binaries for the qt5 qml plugin in the given directory.
Check if nupic bindings are prerelease installed.
stage platform hpp to zmqroot
Send data to a named log file.
Checks to see if a DHCP option exists.
Upload a blob from a string to a bucket with the same encryption key as the blob.
Convert a string into a list of positive integers.
Register a template tag with the parser and return a function that renders the template with the given
Get a new derivation for the given element and prefix and side length.
Test ad hoc coverage.
Generate a report of the raw stats.
Get the s3 rest controller for the hazard. This is the s3 rest controller for
Test transpose of a numpy array.
Disconnect from the remote server and report the results to the output file.
Remove old versions from the database.
Get the template with the given name in the given scope. If the template does not exist
Remove all handlers from the given app.
Get the crafted text from the given gcode.
Add a command to the given menu.
Generate a report of the optimal graph size for the given unique kmers and fp rate.
Given a list of filenames find all the autosummary in that file. Returns a list of
Check if an HTML string is a valid HTML string. Return True if so False if not
Import a module and check if it s version is greater than or equal to minversion.
Run a series of sync requests on a list of URLs.
Get the most recent exercises for a given user.
Generate include search paths from header and extra dirs.
Setup the platform with the given config and add the light devices to the Hass object.
This function is deprecated and will be removed in 2. 0. Please use np. linalg
Make sure that string dtypes are in the given set. Raises a type error if they are
Return a human readable label for a model field.
Update the plex library with the given library name.
Register a language manager with the given Mgr instance.
Command line interface for the backup command. This is the entry point for the backup command.
Return a datetime object from an ordinal number. If no timezone is given the current timezone is
Show the properties of an affinity group. If no affinity group is specified all affinity groups are
Make a string from fromstr to tostr where fromstr is mapped to tostr.
Read the checksum of a file or directory. If timestamped is set to True the checksum
Mute a string by adding a number to the end of the string.
Verify a user s credentials. If the user is valid it will be logged in. If
Remove leading and trailing whitespace from the beginning of a string and return a new string.
Returns True if the path is unsaved False otherwise.
Report an unknown attribute.
Return a nova session object.
Convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf object.
Generate a random hex string.
Wrapper for ndb. toplevel.
p unary expression 2
Read the content of a file from the cache. If the file does not exist it will
Generate a random string of length nchars with the given size. If dtype is None return
Remove the inspector widget from the given window. If the context is a string remove the widget
Test whether two channels are equal. This is done by comparing the names of the channels in
Get all the parameters for a given service from the registry.
Returns True if the given XBlock has children visible to specific content groups False otherwise.
Generate a random string of length nchars.
Update the bandwidth usage for a given time period. If update is set to True the bandwidth
Create a cipher from a key and a key length. The key is expected to be a
Call a Xenhost plugin with the given method and arguments.
Convert an XML element to a GeoJSON geometry.
turn int into str in list
This is the main entry point for the demo script. It is the main entry point for
Create a new SQLAlchemy engine with the given url and options. If a reaper
Submit a file to condor and return the external id and the message.
Remove all samples from a directory.
Returns a function that takes a string and converts it to a function. The function is called
Return a fake site name. If name is str return it. If name is none return
Return a debug message for the given signal with the given arguments.
Unpacks the epochs into a list of tuples. If the number of event ids is greater
Parse a method descriptor and return a tuple of the type and parameters as a string.
Return True if the given name is available in the system.
Remove a message from a channel.
Generate the inheritance diagram and return it as html string.
Convert a string to a list of tuples.
Assert that the given clock is idle.
Check if the paypal id matches the given name.
Print a string to stderr if it s not already there. This is useful for debugging.
Get the list of announcements for the given objects in the context of the current request.
Get a complete key from an entity or a string. If the argument is not a key
Make a list of saucelabs that can be used to connect to the browser.
Return a tuple with a boolean and the virtual name of the minion.
test the sip of a HST file with the same coordinates as the input image.
Check if x is puiseux in the ring. Return True if x is puise
Create a list of dictionaries from a list of lists of dictionaries.
Create an editable list form with the given form base class and form class. If widget is
Create a list of ids for the current iteration. If the iteration is at the end of
Test attribute for empty string.
Read the head shape of a BTI file and return the index and dig points.
Normalize paths and return a list of reduced paths.
Get the OS name and OVFOS ID for a given flavor.
Calculate the betweenness of a source node in a graph.
Get the buffer size for a given interface.
Generate a link to an expandable element.
Fixes the XML in the given text. The text will be converted to a string.
Returns the shortest path to the given list of locations.
Fit an invalid ratio on x and y. Raise an exception if the ratio is invalid.
Returns the number of items in the queue or - 1 if the queue is empty.
Generate a list of strings for a given module name.
Set the device s MTU.
Get the documentation for a given page and anchor. If no anchor is given the current page
Register a new core and wait for it to be started. Can be called multiple times.
Convert a list of hsv values to an array of RGB values.
Get the helix complex path from a derivation and an XML element.
Return a list of the active child processes.
Return an instance of the S3 trackpoint REST API.
Return a list of the basename of each file in filelist.
Renders a label with the given content. If no label is given the content will be rendered
Create a sparse array of length n with zeros filled with zeros.
Discard the body of the response and return the response as a Future.
Create a suite from a histogram.
Restrict the dataset to a subset of the fold indices.
Return a list of datasets for a list of lddas.
Delete a task from memory.
Get a flow for a given volume.
Test that a repository url should be cloned to a specific directory.
Get the weight of a block from a persisted block or None if the block is not persisted
Split a string into a list of strings. If sep is a string it will be split
Process labeled statements.
Write data to a file descriptor.
Generate a set of random names from the first and second strings.
Sync all the modules modules modules states modules modules returners and output files. Returns a dictionary
Setup the platform with the given config and add devices to the list of devices to be added
Remove a volume from the database.
Return True if x is an arraylike object.
Create a new metadef resource.
Decomposes a rational expression into a rational expression.
Create a private IP for a given Linode.
Get a string representation of a version object.
Return True if the given finding matches the given request. If name and url are provided then
Parse a sshpw rule and return a dict with the parsed arguments.
Add vectors to a vocabulary.
Check if the given image name is a valid image name.
Get the real social auth object for the current request.
Load the given backends and plugins into the given build configuration.
Make a tensor with the given dimensions.
Get the salt interface for the given vm and options.
Return a boolean indicating whether this module is a virtual machine or not. If the module is
Download a webfile from the given url to the given filename. If the file already exists
Return the full path to the executable of the process with the given pid.
Return a string with information about the unhandled exception that occurred during the execution of the command.
Unpickle a model and return it as a new model instance.
Return a URL with the given server name port and relative url.
Check if a command is an application.
bug17666 is a bug in Python 3. 6. 3. 3. 3.
Return a string attribute of the given element or None if the argument is not a string.
Get a list of mirrors for a given git repo.
Get an SSL adapter class from a string or module name.
Return a list of items in a queue.
Return the absolute path to a file relative to the root of the working directory.
Process paths and return error messages.
Flattens a series of applications into a single application.
Get the application id from the current working directory.
Return the tstd dlldy of a time series y and a data frame y.
Add a fossil segment to the powerline.
Get the value of a configuration variable.
This function is called for each token in the definition. It will add it to the token
Check if a user id exists in the database.
Evaluate an image with a central crop crop and resize bilinear to the given dimensions.
Return an iterator that iterates over the signed dtypes. If no name is given the iterator will
Wrapper for the predict method of the given model type and test. If the model type is
Run the given application on the given port using eventlet s WSGI server.
Validate a sound name.
Tamper a string payload to make it more readable.
Delete a filesystem if check mode is off. If check mode is off the filesystem will be
Return true if the origin node is a private variable in the given scope.
Print data to a file or file - like object. Output is a list of strings.
Move a file from source to destination using s3 connection.
Initialize console logging.
Encode all attachments in a MIME message to base64.
Blend a list of strings into a list of strings that can be used to visualize
Set up the supervisor for the given benchmark file.
Return the index of the first occurrence of x in a or raise error if x is not
P assignment expression 2
Create a new facility for the s3db. org database.
Execute a salt - runner function with the given arguments. If no arguments are given all the
Print the differences between two dictionaries and print them in a pretty way.
Read a partition file and yield tuples of record index record and partition id.
Format an exception as a string with the traceback. format function. The number of lines will
Get the forecast for the given location.
Evaluate the intersection of the given node with the given element node.
Get a list of students for a given student batch.
Set the policies for the specified backend server. If no policies are specified all policies will be
Remove all context variables from the global context.
Refines the given expression with respect to the given assumptions. If the expression is
Add a package to the list of installed packages.
Initialize an instance of the Grr API with an HTTP connector.
Create a filter from a list of tasks.
Serialize the given type with the given accessor and types.
Raise an assertion error if the number of required settings is not equal to the number of required
Sends an order notification email to the user. This is used to send an order notification to
Decode base64 - encoded task payload and return a huge task payload.
Generate a random file name.
Given a URL return a tuple of the host and port of the URL. If the URL
Return a list of all packages on the server.
Match a post - match to the first element of the first element in the list of matched
Run osx install or uninstall on the command line and return the number of seconds to wait
Count the number of files in a zipinfo object in chunks of size chunksize.
Return a URL for the given bug id in the given review request. If no review request
URL - safe base64 encode.
Return the SHA - 1 hash of the given object type and chunks. If chunks is a
Expands path variables and expands user home directory if it starts with a string.
Returns a report object for the given name. If the name starts with str it will return
Check if a column has a value.
Create a topic with the given name. If the topic already exists it will be overwritten.
Stage a task in a pipeline.
Return a list of information about the linux system on the system on the system on the system
Restrict a dictionary to only contain keys that are present in the given list of keys.
This is the main entry point for the Thrift parser. It is the main entry point for
Convert a failure to an exc info tuple.
Calculate the power of a normal distribution.
Generate a MSSQL password from a password and salt. If uppercase is set to True
Return a dictionary of configuration options for the current environment.
Return a string representation of an object.
Add two images and return a new image. Scale and offset can be specified.
Match a metric against a regular expression. Returns a subprocess object that can be used to run
Return a list of all available locales. If no locales are available return all available locales.
divide x and y and return a tuple with the result of division x and y.
A context manager for a key parser.
Create a new glance metadata.
Get month number by month name and language.
Returns a function that formats a string with the given argument. If the argument is not a
Return the legen of x with the given number of coefficients.
Run the BEM command line interface.
Add an organization to a course.
Get the default site for a given app. If app is not specified the first site is
Download and build an egg from the given base and to the given directory with the given delay
Show a list of flags for a given user.
Compute the error rates for a label word and a sequence of sequences. The error rates are
Cartesian to Polar 2pi conversion.
thinlv create a new thinpool and a new thinlv for a given volume.
Get the latest downloadable repository metadata if it includes tools.
Get a mock of the response from the API. The response is a list of dicts.
Return a dictionary of the name and whether it is absent or not. If the name is
Return a constant of the given dtype. If dtype is None return a constant of the given
Process an XML element and return a list of vertices and their distances. If the element is
Return a relative path relative to the current working directory.
Initialize the signing module with the given state.
Test for difficult univariate normal distribution.
Update the unread queries for the given inbox and relations. If insert is set to True the
Return an eye matrix of size n.
Get the value of the first key in keys. If no value is found default is returned
Triggered when a job is approved. Sends a job review message to the user.
Get the training model for the Bayesian Neural Network.
Crops an image to square if it s size is not equal to the image s size
Get the profile object for this user. If the user is not a string it will create
Get the memory information from a file in human readable format. This is useful for debugging.
Add a shell to the xonsh. main object.
Provide a provider for XHRs. This is the default provider for XHRs.
Send a list of arguments to the spyder server.
A context manager that enables one or more named atomic operations in the context of the current context
Log a string with the given remark at the end of the context.
Returns the day of the week in the given time. If no time is given returns the
Split a low tag into state id name and function.
Expand or shorten a git URL.
Write data to a file. Returns the number of bytes written or None if the file does
Reverse the order of the given path.
Get the secondary language for the current site.
Get the account for the given target and email address. If no account is found return None
Set the major status of all modules in the treeio administration section.
Parse a simpleflake string into a simpleflake struct.
Parse streaming media from a json object.
Gemm from node1 to node2. Returns a tuple of the difference between the
Write data to stdout.
Return a dictionary of player stats for each player in the game.
Colorize a string according to the status warning bold and yellow options.
The main entry point for the command line tool.
Return the root of the zipline.
Set the memory limit.
Convert a string to a safe SQL string. If the string is a string it will be
Parse a local name and return a tuple of the code and the name of the local file
Return True if x is an iterator.
Temporarily disable all handlers for a given logger.
Render the given value in the given context.
Print a string and return the number of times it was called. This is useful for debugging
Show the details of a keypair.
Unzips a list of lists into a list of nout lists. If nout
Check if an image is extendable.
Test pep8 format.
Detach a member from a load balancer
Parse stories from a list of lines and return a list of stories.
Return a tuple of bool bool or str depending on whether the system is virtual or not.
Perform a Vk API call with the given data. If no data is provided the data
Download a file from HDFS and return it as a response. If the file was modified
Get a list of text with the last word and the rest of the list as the last
Stop the geoserver.
Split a path into its components and return them as a list of tuples.
Set the state of the specified module to the specified state. Returns True if the module was
Get a specific version of rvm.
Call a function if it exists. If it does it will be called with the given arguments
Calculate the directional variance of a list of numbers.
A wrapper for astroid. build and astroid. exception. Prints the module name
Count the number of stored cookie messages in the response.
Extract the path and query from the url.
Returns the current user from the request context or the default if none is provided.
Return a list of version windows from a list of version strings.
Remove a section from an INI file. Returns a dictionary with the removed keys and values
Enable or disable debug mode. If mode is set to True all warnings will be logged.
Remove all targets that are not dependencies of this target from the list of targets.
Evaluate a marker and return an error if the marker is invalid. If the marker is invalid
Pack x into a list. If x is not a list it will be converted to a
Format a FASTQ record with the given label sequence and qual.
Collapses spaces around each line in a string. If indentation is set to True then
Print an error message to the console. The error message will be displayed to the user.
Check if the cache headers are valid for the given policy. If the policy is not valid
Create a poetry client and connect to the given host and port using the given callback.
Test that a string is human readable.
Add a new ratelimit rule to the list of rules.
Delete all empty folders and folders that are not in the ignore list or are in the keep
Concatenate a series of epochs into a single series of epochs.
Return the mine data from the master.
Filter output based on iptables save rules.
Read a Julian date from a file and return it as a NumPy array.
Decode a UTF - 8 string into a unicode string.
Check if a connection has been dropped.
Defoveate a channel from a list of rings.
Return the operating system version from a show version string. If the version string is not a
Quote a string so it can be safely used as a value in a query.
Quote a string for use in a comment block.
Add a domain to a site.
Display a list of all the users in the system.
Test two model instance arithmetic 1d.
Load a list of certificates from a directory.
Return a list of the members of the hash stored at key. If cursor is not specified
Convert a list of integers to a hex string without quotes.
Set the start and end dates for a given step.
Return a string representation of a table.
Resolve a path to a symbolic link. If the path is already a symbolic link an error
Decompress a base64 encoded string into a byte string with the most significant bit set.
Return the quality of two strings as a unicode string. If s1 and s2 are
Parse the Authorization header into a user and password tuple. If the header is not a valid
Squeeze a tensor along a given axis.
Clears the password for a given server.
XOR term1 and term2. term1 and term2 must have the same length
Read a number of bytes from a file - like object or file - like object.
Create a temporary file with the given suffix. If the file already exists raise an error.
Get the GSSHAPY project name from the GSSHAPY environment variable.
Set the value of a field in a document. If the field does not exist it will
Get the path of a jail from the jail - ls command.
Reloads a module and all its dependencies.
Convert a locale string to a language string. If the locale string is not a valid language
Return the last part of a path.
Test for instantiating a regression object from a YAML file.
Create a spherical bessel function that subtracts n elements from a spherical b
Return a list of openshift backend names.
Enable or disable all the objects in the list.
Update the WOEID and the WOEID.
Copy the state of the source future to the dest future. If the source future is cancelled
Update the raw projection with the bools passed in.
Test that the package is in a VCS URL.
Return the locale to use. If locale is not available default to settings. language_code
Resize an image to new width and height. If out is specified save the image to out
Get a timestamp from the data at the given position.
Prepends the url to the value if it s not already a scheme.
Find the account and token from the environment.
Assemble the error status from the logs and return a dictionary of the error messages.
Create a new lineage for the given testfile and return the path to the new lineage.
Return the negotiate value for the given response.
Checks if the user is logged in and returns a response. If the user is not logged
Convert media size to long.
Get the current loop position and the total loop position in the context.
Print the installation summary for a list of hosts. If verbose is set to True it will
Convert seconds to a human readable string.
Return a salt. utils. salt. config. client object for the given environment.
Configure the logging module with some default values.
Add a new header to the response.
Convert a range to a list of network addresses.
Decode a string of 64 bit chips into a list of integers.
Test client options.
Get a network by its CIDR address.
Test the erfinv function with gpu mode.
Format the tags into a format that AWS can use. This is useful when you want to
Reset the global session to None.
Find the start address and line number of the source code.
Send all active alerts to all products in the system.
Update the given target with the given dependencies and command. If the target is outdated execute the
Parse a yaml file with null as none.
Print a warning message for targets that are not present in the given sections.
Reset all warnings to their default values.
Return true if the current platform is netbsd.
A test that is broken when the number is a multiple of the number in the range.
Return the greatest common divisor of a and b.
Look up an encoding in the webencodings dictionary. If the encoding is not found
Make a git branch on the local machine.
Get the version number from the config file.
Get the host number of an IP address.
Calculate the current value for each coil in rr. The value is the sum of the
Return True if the given name has been upgraded or False if it has already been upgraded.
Return a dict of all the options for this minion. If ret is None return all options
Call a command in an asynchronous way.
Create a cascade from the given configuration. The first parameter is the name of the application the
Delete a draft from the database. If the draft is a thread the thread will be deleted
Return a copy of a list of normal characters from a list of normal characters to a normal
Convert a comma - separated string to an integer. If the string is not a unicode string
Find the parent of the given element with the given tag.
Print a debug message to stdout or sys. stderr depending on the command line environment.
Read a binary file and write it to a file - like object out in hex format.
Get the OpenShift container version from the environment file.
Get a document controller for a doctype. If the doctype is not registered it will be loaded
Make a model with dense layer sizes and nb filters conv and nb nb classes.
Create a new media object with the same name as the given media object. The media object
Update a floating IP address with a list of values.
Tears down the test suite.
Create a new key with the given app namespace and path.
Read a file from the file system and return a tuple of the file path and the file
Check if a node is acceptable for a title.
Create a link between two KEGG databases. If option is set to True the link
Remove a command from the system.
Parse a Subject object into a dictionary of NID = > value pairs.
Map a string to a function on a given class.
Send a video status update to the server.
View function for editing a dataset in the coordinator.
Setup the platform with the given configuration and add devices to the Hass object.
Load a dictionary from a pickle file.
Port all entities from the datastore to the datastore at the given path. If the datastore is
Check that d1 and d2 are close to num seconds.
Add a blank line to the statement.
Get the name of the current branch.
Add a list of functions to a list of lists.
Compute the softplus of x.
Installs the reactor in the main thread. The reactor will be started by twisted.
Send a message to a single topic using the cast protocol. This is the same as the
Take a subset of a list of values from a list of indices.
Returns a list of documents for a given locale topics and products. If no topics or products
Returns a list of tuples of image id and image label.
Convert a text string to a sequence of words.
Add an interface to a libvlc instance.
Smoothly step a step between edge0 and edge1 at x and return the result
Remove a package from the system. If the package is not installed it will be installed.
Takes a list of tuples and a dictionary and returns a generator that yields the first num tuples
Return a list of the names that are disabled in the current schedule. If the name is
Add a search to a playlist.
Checks if the current page is a 404 page.
Check if the title is a series episode.
Insert the default command line options into sys. argv.
Test for updating a contact with a given name and email address. This is done by supply
Create a comprehension between xp fp and it. The comprehension is
Clear the placeholder cache for the given placeholder language and site id.
Encrypt code with pyherion and return it as a string. This is used to encrypt
Create or update a forum role with the given name and course. If the role already exists
A simple example of how to run a task. This is useful when you want to run
Get a list of the previous players in the media list. This is a list of players
Return True if the system is running on the network and False if it is not running on
Clean up the temporary test directory.
Get the max age from the response header. If the header is not present return None.
Check the dependencies of a job against a list of host objects.
Create a new sync point for the given entity id traversal id is update num stack id.
Return True if the given host matches the given IP address. If no IP address is given
Check if the expression has a simple delta at the given index.
Get the notepad pages from the config.
Remove a user from a host. If the user does not exist it will be created.
Run karma.
Reconstructs the IDD from the given index and projection. The IDD will be
Find the boundary of a multipart post.
Register a serializer module for a given format.
Get a reference to the pants. scm. git object for the current working tree.
Check if a user has access to a specific discussion category.
Test git with non editable where egg contains dev string.
Load the dependencies of a package.
Obtain a certificate from the server.
Generate a random challenge string.
Record payment info to the log.
Return True if the filename matches a template file.
Tamper a string in the form of a string with a random number of characters.
Cumulative distribution of the standard deviation of x.
list2 is a generator function that yields a list of items.
Split text at show statements.
Return a lowercased version of an extra string that is safe for use in a URL.
Return a generator of art URLs for the album s asin.
Restores a file from the server to a new version.
Calculate the extended Euclid Greatest Common Subsequence of a and b.
Get a random string.
test gmail missing trash
Accept a new message from the server and return it as a binary packet. The packet is
Shortens a string to a certain number of characters.
Get a batch job download url when it is ready.
Load a raw lib from the pycryptodome library.
List members without MFA.
Merge segments with a small writer.
Find a module by its full name and return the file name and description. If the module
Extract the entities from the given template. If the template is none return match all.
Test for deletion of a word.
Return True if name is an archive file.
Read a list of char numbers from a file.
Return a clean data string from a regex match. If the regex match does not match return
test gnb prior greater one
Return a list of all the groups in the system.
Apply all operators to an expression and return a new expression. The result is a new expression
Encodes a floating point value into a string. This function is used internally by the Encoder class
Remove a file or directory from the current working directory. If the file does not exist it
Find the package data.
Show a list of sale orders and a list of sale statuses for a user.
Assign a list of lists to a list of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists
Generate a path between old and new rules.
Add the modification time of the file at fullpath to all child nodes of the given document.
Create the default config dir if it doesn t already exist.
Concatenate a list of tuples or lists into a single list. If the input is not
Create a figure with the given size and face color.
Plot a histogram of a normal distribution with alpha = 1. 0 and alpha = 2.
Randomly sample a sphere of size ntosample.
Create a directive that will be applied to all objects in the context of the current context.
Create trials from a list of documents.
Get the end geometry as a string.
Fetch a single level of related objects from a list of instances.
Unsharp masking the image.
Return the sigmoid of x. If use cudnn is True return the sigmoid of x
Get the architecture of an image.
Get the parts of a path.
Check if a resource with the given name is available in the given resource type. If not
Disable tracing on the default app.
Replace constants in the source code with the values in the replacements dictionary.
Generate a summary for a worker.
Get list of stylesheets from settings. stylesheet path and settings. stylesheet dirs.
Return True if node is an ancestor of the given frame.
Return the type of an object.
Create a new collection from a sequence.
Add a line of loops to the line.
Get the type of the resource to be used for the S3 API. This is the
Subtract two numbers and return the result.
Run a command on multiple app servers. If multiple app servers are specified the command will be
Check the status of the given qdatastream and raise an exception if it is not.
Remove old pafs and streams from g. pafs and g. streams.
Get a list of all available services.
Parse the django adminopt signature and return the first option name in the node.
Grab the certbot log for the current user.
Submits data to the API and prints it to stdout. If formatted is set to True
Combine the common sections of a list of dictionaries into a single dictionary.
Iterate over a range of bytes from a file - like object offset to offset + num bytes
Load positive and negative data files and return the text and labels.
Save an asset to the content store. Returns the location of the asset or None if the
Check if a session cookie is present in the response.
Write the given string to the given file. If the file name is not specified the first
Return a dictionary of all the fields of an object.
Audits changes to a list of techs and a list of accounts.
Encode a message as a Quopri message.
Transfer the closest path from old to remaining paths to the new location.
Check if the user has permission to commit the translation for the given project.
Run the test against the package data. If test is set to True then the test will
Iterate over all documents in the document that match the given fields chain. If the chain is
Return a reference to the return value.
Flush all data in the database to the server.
Get the value of an input element by CSS selector.
Return a list of all the SASL mechanisms in the XMPP connection.
Check if the connection has the given method. If not log the error and return False.
Send a verification email to a user. The email will be sent to the user s email
A string filter that returns a mark that will escape the given value.
Accept or reject an invitation. If action is str the invitation is accepted. If action is
Convert value to float. If conversion fails return default. If conversion fails return default.
Test that the reconstruction is done with zeros. This is done by checking that the recon
Deserialize a count specification from a text string.
Return the DRT expression for the given variable. If the variable is an individual function event
Log a single character. If ch is none log the whole string. If ch is a
Return a dictionary of functions for the given proxy.
Return a list of colors for a given key.
Return the sum of the values of a field.
Get maximum vector3 from a list of vector3s.
Truncates the expression f to a constant p and returns the result as a new expression.
Return the absolute path to the hadoop home directory of the given bin.
Unregisters a class loader.
make a single file from a file in a directory and return the path to the file.
Restart the current process. If the process doesn t exist it will be run as sudo.
Load the training set validation set and test set from a pickle file.
Make a new tensor with the dimensions of x and y along the given axis.
Run the given network and write the results to the given writer.
Return a rss feed as a string. The string can be one of the following strings.
Get a subscription by id.
Redirect the user to a new URL.
Remove a database entry from the database. If the database does not exist nothing is done.
Unescape a string using the re. unescape pattern.
Download a veoh item by id.
Test the completion of zsh commands.
Set the node type to use for a DNS lookup.
Get the subject for a project certificate.
Get a new derivation for the given element.
Add an empty struct to the top of the stack and put it on the top of the
Return the absolute name of a cell relative to the current cell. If r1c1
Get the currently logged in user. If no user is logged in None will be returned.
Create a dictionary of formatters based on the options in the configuration file.
View a single equity.
Move a key from d1 to d2. If strict is True the key will be
Create a line edit widget and add it to the qtbot.
Set the image dimension ordering.
Create a vmdk spec.
Get the soap accession string for the current user agent. This is used to access the
Return a tuple of the pid and the name of the process. The first element is the
Build a sdist from the given py file. If upload is True upload the sdist
Run a readmegen on the given samples.
Find the creation sequence for a graph g.
Parse a GAF file and return the corresponding protein iterator.
Decode a number of bytes from a byte stream at a given offset. If the number is
Read authorized keys from a list of filepaths.
Retrieve a resource by its SHA1 hash.
Create a temporary ca file from a list of anchors.
Dispatch a stat result to collectd. Values and collectd. values.
Check if an exception is unavailable.
Test the percentage of a piece of text. This is useful for testing the percentage of a
A test function that runs in a separate thread. The test is run in a separate thread
Return True if value s length is less than arg s length.
release complete net to ms
Check the configuration for the given options.
Iterate over an object and all its children.
Checks if a string is a snake cased version of a snake_cased name.
Return the path to the hosts. txt file.
Run a command in quiet mode. The command is run in quiet mode. The command is
Get the module cache for a given directory. If no module cache is available a new one
Generate a link to a document.
Helper function to create a github hook from the given data dict.
Return a string representation of the given date.
P labeled statement 2.
Log an error message.
Discuss of a resource in S3 and return a dict with the header of the resource
Return a dictionary of metadata from the given HTTP response headers.
Import a keypair from the digital ocean
Calculate the Hessian using the inverse of the Hessian and the scale of the Hessian
Yields chunks of a zip file. If overwrite is set to True the files will be
Select n elements from a pandas Series.
Register the tcl library with the given manager.
Generate a line from an issue object.
Generate a state tag for the given low value.
Get a console data from a remote server.
Find empty alt images in the given content and log a warning with the name of the image
Refresh the beacons from the minion.
Check for URI parameters.
Returns a compiled regular expression for the given query string.
Enable or disable deprecations.
Decode a query string into a list of query parameters.
Get the source code and line number of an object.
Test that we don t install always from cache.
Return a text field with a length validator.
Check if the naming pattern and anime type are valid. If no arguments are passed the
Convert a tensor to a dense tensor. If the input is a sparse tensor it will be
Add an entry to the neigh table.
Get a list of volumes.
Applies fn to each element in elems and returns the result as a Tensor.
Set the repository to the given line. The line is assumed to be a list of lines
Run pip on the given path and assert that there is no package matching the given path.
Add a SHAFT collar to the given node.
Delete all objects in the given bucket.
Run powersup on the system. This is the main entry point for the powers
Return a dict of course mode information for the given course id enrollment and modes.
Compress the given body with the given compression level and return the result as a sequence of bytes
Read a file from disk and return it as a string. If the file doesn t exist
Returns a single file or folder. If the folder is a directory it will return the first
Combines two datetime objects and returns a new object with the same timezone as the input.
Test if value is a mapping.
A mine command that sets the value of a given point.
Show a list of sale orders and a list of sale statuses for a user.
Read a Python code object from a Python code file.
Check if snappy is installed.
Return the basename of a path.
Test the wavefront format of a mesh.
Reverses the bits of a 64 - bit integer.
Return the cosine of the given number.
Return a list of all subscriptions for the given topic.
Convert a dictionary to a string.
Detach an Ethernet network interface from an Ethernet network. If no name or id is
Ensure the named stack is absent. If the stack does not exist it will be created.
Plot a pdf as a list of matplotlib. pyplot. plot. plot. plot. plot
Configure a service with the given name and service name. The service name is the name of
Returns a dictionary of HTTP headers from a string.
Consume items from the queue and return them as a generator. If the queue is full the
Get a list of all nodes and their properties.
Capture a credit card for a given participant.
Check if a module should be kept.
Dequotes a string if it starts and ends with str. If it ends with str it
Estimate the kama of a dataset using the KAMA model.
Given a list of implications deduces the alpha implications.
List all available languages.
Return a list of transversal arrays for the given base and gens.
Get the geometry output by linear bearing cage derivation and extrude.
Get the public key for the given VM.
Get the number of presets supported by libvlc audio equalizer.
Sanitize the separators in a string.
Downgrade the database to the latest version.
Validate ascii metadata.
Check if a URL is unique.
Setup the platform with the given config and add the devices to the given list of devices.
get or create a sjson for the given item. If the file does not exist generate
Get the hostname of the current process.
Return the name of the virtual system. If the system is not on a darwin system
Parse an iterable of line - by - line headers into a headers. linked object.
Return the GID of the current process.
Compile all the views in the given folder and return a list of views that failed to compile
Calculate the t - statistical value between two values using the standard deviation of the difference
Convert a time tuple into a datetime. datetime object.
Adjust the dimension of shapes and strides to match the target shape. If the target shape is
Rotates a list right by a given number of characters.
The outbound gateway for the s3 sms service.
Returns a string representation of the given value.
Add an event source to the list of event sources. If the event source does not exist
Commit a list of reservations to the specified project.
Send a flowgram to a socket. If trim is True the flowgram will be trimmed
Test whether the boolean should not prevent rendering of other columns.
Update the package database with the given xbps path.
Decode a string to the given encoding. If the input is already a string it will be
Create a certificate chain.
Cumulative density function.
Get the current line number for the given segment.
Copy the original file to the derived file if it s newer than the derived one.
Build a path from node1 to node2.
Set the password for a user.
Parse a string into a patch set.
Refresh the database from the server. This is done by running a command to refresh the database
Write a list of flowgrams to an sff file filtered by a list of filters.
Raise an error with the given status code and message. The message will be logged with the
Call systemd s notify function if available otherwise call systemd s notify function if not booted.
Open the given file in the current platform if it is a file. If it is a
Test iforest sparse.
This function is called when a menu item is clicked. It is called when a menu item
Return a list of all the datastores on the VMware environment
Press Ctrl + C to lower the first word of the text.
Get a list of usernames for a list of user ids.
Get a continuous query by name from a database.
Create an image
Bessel function of type 0123.
Parse a CXEL string and return its XML representation as a string.
Returns a list of registered social auth backends for the current request.
Get the backend to use for the current request.
Convert an object to ANSI escape sequences.
Convert a cell range string to a tuple of row col row1 col1 row2 col
Load data from NCBI and return it as a tuple of x y train and test
Unpack an OpenDirect packet into a tuple of host port and original address.
Get the minimum number of sides based on the precision of the given element.
Check if a string is a valid JSON object.
Ensure that src is a file or list of source spaces. If kind is str it will
Send an e - mail to a user. If dry run is True the email will be
Echo the given command line arguments to the console.
Get an S3 image by its id.
This is the entry point for the Python interpreter. This is the entry point for the Python
Calculate the p - value of a along a given axis. If axis is none return the
Convert a glance id to an s3 image id.
Copy files from src to target node. If parent is not a file it will be copied
Returns True if the given reason is a todo. If the reason is not a todo the
Returns a string with the module name and name replaced with the given string. The module name
Create a certificate and deploy it to a list of domains.
Convert a sequence of bytes to a bytes object.
Return the latest version of the given class.
Returns a list of synonyms for a given word. Word2nums and num2words are
Filter out lines that are not JSON.
Save the stats of a model to a file.
Create a directory if it doesn t already exist. If it already exists and it s a
Get a variant from a template with the given arguments.
Shortcut for redirecting to the S3 index page. This is useful when you want to
Generate a random salt of the given length.
Extract subrois from a timeseries and a label file.
Send a signal to the process with the given pid. Returns True if the signal was sent
Pause the event loop for the given interval. If the backend is not an interactive backend the
Convert bytes to str if possible. If s is already a string return it. Otherwise return
Get an unused port number.
Test the conversion of an RGB color to a HSL color.
Compute the standard deviation of an array along a given axis.
Return the first line number of a function.
Load a model from checkpoint dir and save it to sess. Returns True if the model was
Convert a timestamp to a string.
Get a list of all schedules for a given account.
Compute the full covariance matrix for the given GMM at x.
Calculate the raw moment of a list of numbers.
Read a label file and return a dictionary of class names.
Generates a random variates from a set of probability values.
Get the current app.
Test sampling of the regular distribution.
Resize an image to the specified width and height. If no width or height is specified the
Start a TLS server and return a Deferred that will be called when the server is started.
Create a simple comment tag for the form. This tag will be used as a placeholder for
unload a module
Update the quota for a resource.
Return True if text is a keyword.
Run PyReversal with the given number of arguments.
str node state does not require overwrite or always run and node state does not require overwrite.
Return a list of unique values in a 1D array.
Start statsd in the given path.
Normalizes a language tag into a list of language tags.
Calculate the serial correlation coefficient for a given time series.
Wait until the emulator is ready with the given prefix.
Strips leading and trailing whitespace from a and b.
Safely delete an image from the backend. If the backend is not supported log a warning
Get the current memory usage in megabytes.
Disable the given configuration and reload the service. This is useful when you don t want to
Pick an authenticator from a list of plugins. The default authenticator will be used if none is
Return a list of all public ips.
Execute the given SQL statement in the current database connection.
Test drawing of a regular polygon.
Make a violin rugplot.
Get an action by its uuid and request id.
Remove a function from the list of registered handlers.
Test the breadcrumb.
Get index of media item in media list.
View function for editing a single thread in a forum.
Main entry point for the adgroup criterion operation.
Return a list of all available translations.
Convert a JSON time to a Python datetime. time object. If the value is not a
Create a collection with the given label. If the label already exists it will be replaced.
Test for a non - symmetrized graph in the form of an adjacency graph.
picks the eeg position of the given coordinate. Returns none if there are no e
Write the credentials to a file in JSON format. The file will be truncated to the end
A test to join a node with an identity field and an identity field. This test will
Compute the exponential of a matrix. This is the inverse of the square root of the matrix
Add bearer token to the request body.
Report a list of flaky tests to the given output.
Delete an ACL from the server.
Get the properties of the device. If no name is given all properties are returned.
Make a discrete source space from a position and a frame. If no frame is given the
Get the comment format from the comment string. If the comment string ends with a blank line
Flattens a message into a string.
Get the components from a key.
Parse an Accept header value into a list of tuples. The first tuple is the type the
Start a new server on the given host and port. If authkey is a string it
Validate that the value is of the given type.
Decode the result of a query into something that can be sent to the server.
Run the command and return the result.
Raises an exception if the given path cannot be opened. If the path does not exist
Returns the group s avatar or the default avatar if none is set.
Test slices with different dimensions.
Return True if every element in the list is an id.
Get a list of values with a mask dtype and max value. If skipna is True
Escapes special characters in a string so that it can be used as a string value.
Test against jpl horizons.
Add foreign key ignoring for MySQL.
Test the Nominal Missors model.
Approve addons approve files no review type.
Join a list of scalars into a list of scalars. If the join operation is a scalar
List DNS entries for a given IP or name. If no name is specified all entries are
Try to convert an enum value to an instance of this class. If the value cannot be
Return True if the current platform is an openbsd platform.
Move a file or directory to a new location.
Download a file from a URL.
Build all the libraries and all the recipes.
Get the related topics from a section.
Change the frequency of a subtitles finder.
Run a django test with the given labels and return the result as a Python object.
Create a task message from a signature object.
Remove leading and trailing whitespace from a header value. If is filename is set to True then
Create a new cluster controller and update the IP address of the controller.
Return the number of the process with the given name if it is an active process.
Get component by name.
Get the names of the init processes for each node in the cluster.
Drop all channels that are not in the same channel with the same name in each candidate.
Start a new worker in the given queue.
Configures the plot with the given options. If no options are given the current plot will be
Rotate a list of file objects clockwise.
Given a year and month return the index of the given month in the given year.
Convert value to an integer. If conversion fails return default. If conversion fails return default.
Make a copy of a directory and verify that it is ready to be used.
Build a multipart message from a message and a list of images.
Unfollow a user. If the request method is GET the user will be unfollowed
Parse the given query string and return a list of query objects.
Return a dict of allocations for use in a JSON - RPC consumer.
Return a boolean mask of times within the range tmin < = tmin < = tmax
Return True if text is a valid URL.
Create a directory if it doesn t already exist. If the directory is the current working directory
Fetch a seed from the unittests. rseed file. If the seed is a string
Return a list of all VirtualInterface objects in the database.
Get the list of files in the given htmlfile.
Return True if the given arguments match the given cron expression.
Convert temperature in kilometers to RGB.
Get a prerequisite milestone by key.
Raise a key error if strict is True otherwise raise a warning if strict is False.
reduces a dictionary to a dictionary of objects with the given names. If names is
Check if a filter should be sharded by a property range.
Return True if a is a task module.
Open a file if it exists. If it does not exist it will raise an error.
Return True if the two values are the same in the case of case insensitive comparison.
Wait for listening on the given server. If the server is not listening on the given port
Extract the root domain from the given domain string.
Return a dictionary with the full information about the machine.
Compute the difference between a vector and a vector norm. If the norm is num then the
Compute the centrality scores of the input data.
Return True if p points to a directory. If p points to a directory returns False.
Check that the scale values are within the range [ 0 num ). Raises an error if
Load a countgraph from a file. If small is True then the countgraph will be
removes redundancy from l1 based on a list of terms and returns the essential
Create a new reference group with the given name and position. If the group does not exist
Populate the database with data from a file.
Get an instance type by flavor id
Login a user to the database. If the user is logged in then redirect to the view
Convert a timestamp string into a datetime object.
Import a class or a list of classes from a given module. If currmodule is None
Unpack a bitstring into a list of boolean values.
Add a new prioid to an mpd. This command is not supported by MPD
Check if a MRI subject has a BEM file.
Run the text analyzer on the given input directory and store the result in the database.
Strips tags from a string.
Look up an object from a string or a list of strings.
Convert a timezone object into a timezone object. If the object is not a timezone object or
Check if a user has access to a course.
A file - like object that can be read from a file - like object.
Make a request to the given path with the given request dict.
Get the rerun link for the given course key.
Check if a nictag exists in the nictagadm
Add tools to a tool manager.
Create a fresh output manager and return it. If the manager is already running it will be
Get a list of milestones and their relationship types.
Build a list of HTTP headers from the given API token.
Set the taxes for the given quotation.
Return whether the given kex is an elliptic curve.
Check if a point is inside a polygon.
Allow Ctrl - C and Ctrl - C on POSIX systems.
Update a registration on a node.
Return True if the salt string is a virtual machine.
Enable the site and reload the service.
Sample - wise standard deviation normalization.
Compare two files and return a list of files that are in common. If shallow is True
Handle the read field.
Get a word2vec from a text file using the given vocabulary.
Get the version of the python interpreter.
Write course block detail report to a CSV file.
Return an iterator that returns an empty list.
Clear the persistent graph cache for the current user.
Check if the given string is a valid set of flags. If any of the flags are
Make a matrix from a function that takes a row and column number and returns a list of
Equate a set of points to a set of revolutions.
Report the test result and how long it took to run it.
Context manager to disable signals on the given QObject. This context manager will block the signals
Convert an error to a blobstore error.
Run a statement in the context of the current process. If filename is specified dump the profiling
Return a tuple with the uri headers and body.
Ensure a default security group exists.
Wait for an IO callback to be called. If timeout is not None the callback will be
Calculate the RMS Euclidean distance between true and true parameters.
Test trailing spaces in row definition.
Escape a string for use in an RFC3986 URL.
Convert an image from one format to another.
Get the name of the qos policy group from the volume dict.
Display the given crash file. If rerun is True the crash file will be rerun
Get the zoneinfo file. If none is set it will create it and return it.
Create a new event in the current context. If timing is set to True the event will
Logout of the current user from the server.
Convert a string into a YAML string with single quotes.
Sine and stochastic model synth.
Check if the given id is valid XML. If it is not raise a warning.
Parse a package name and version string into a tuple of lower - case and lower - case
Read an unsigned 4 - bit integer from a file - like object.
Compute the k - th difference of x along a given axis. If k is greater than
Return the filename with the extension if it s a string. If it s a string return
Create a security group
Check if a config file is present in the system and add it to the config file.
Set the value of a variable in the system rc files.
Run the at initial setup hook if it exists. If it doesn t exist it will be
Detect the format of a given stream.
Find an extension by its name and state.
Return a dictionary of image ids and VDI references for all images in the given reference.
Translate a url if translate is True otherwise return the url as is. If translate is False
Make loc files from a file object and a size.
A test to make sure that a po file is saved in the database. This test is
Make a X - Headers header for a message. This is used to send a message to
Parse command - line arguments.
Turn on or off the D6 port.
Convert a dictionary of GFF attributes to a string.
Apply overwrites to the context.
Return True if the salt string is a virtual machine.
Build the desired iface config from the given module.
Insert a new document into the database. If the document already exists it will be replaced.
Gradient of an input image using the DNN convolution.
Check if a string is a valid ipv4 prefix.
Check if a string can be placed on a single line.
Return a dictionary of all the jobs in the job jid directory.
Build a tag map from a list of strings. If a string is passed in it will
Compute the sum of all HAC estimates of the data x and the data d.
Return a new grid derivation for the given element and node.
Return a boolean indicating whether the system is running on a virtual machine. If the system is
Strips all occurrences of a string from the beginning and end of a string.
Create an error from a dictionary.
Parse a string representation of a datetime into a datetime object.
Return a list of all the dependencies of this driver.
Format a time in the format specified by daytimesep timesep and gmtsep.
Get an xls file from a list of columns and a list of data.
Parse an XPI file and return a dictionary with the parsed XPI. If check is
Return a list of all namespaces in the database.
Parse a codesearch feed from an XML string.
Get the image model string from settings. py. If not set the default value will be
Return the load average of the running process.
Convert an enum value to an integer.
Strips the given namespace from all elements in the given XML.
Return a dict of relationships that should be serialized for a given model.
Parse a Sphinx searchindex string and return a list of filenames and objects.
Delete an integration response from an API.
Generate coverage report for a given file. If the file doesn t exist it will be created
Ensure that a tenant is absent in the keystone database.
Get the comment for a given field of a given table.
Create a virtual disk.
Return a list of foreign columns from a base table that match the given list of columns.
Generate an RST file in the example directory.
A local optimizer that fills a fill node with a fill node with a fill node with a
Check if a square is occupied in the given pixel dictionary.
Forgot password action. Forgot password is a form that can be submitted to the user
identify the names of the modules and attributes in the given code. Returns a dictionary of the
Check if a position is a valid win position.
Create a copy of the given state.
Calculate the central moment of a list of numbers.
Update the axes with a new image.
test randomize corrmat tail error
Get the tricomplex skew coefficient for a given word.
Reissue a receipt from the current time to the webapps receipt expiry time.
Convert an exception to a unicode string. If the exception is not a unicode string it will
Entry point for the ansible command line tool.
Decode a base64 string into a bytes object.
Grab the settings from the addon and store them in a dictionary. Returns a tuple of
Return a boolean indicating whether this is a virtual machine.
Process an XML element and add it to the vertexes attribute of the object.
Parse a urlencoded query string into a dictionary.
Returns a list of numeric values from all input strings.
Decorator to mark a function as slow and return it as a boolean. This is useful for
Connect to the ipmi server and return True if the connection is successful. Return False if
Check if a path starts with a given prefix.
Create a fake transport with the given server protocol.
Open a file or file - like object and return a filehandle and whether or not it
Require a valid version from a payload and a collection version to be present in the input.
Log the current exception and its stack trace. If no exception is given the exception is logged
Load a module from all installed apps.
Set the given store to the given key. If no key is given the store will be
Read a file and return it as a string. If the file does not exist it will
Create a new virtual interface.
Return True if the issue has been closed and completed and the issue has been sectioned.
Persist a value to a config file. If the file does not exist it will be created
Delete all oauth tokens for a given user.
SYSTEM INFORMATION TYPE 7 Section 9. 2. 2.
Test the confusion matrix with a sample weight.
Load plugins from a list of names. If no names are given all plugins are loaded.
Create an ioloop. IOLoop and configure the http client and run the callback.
Get the next unique id for a given model field and value. If the field does not
Delete a list of objects from the database.
Get an irc format from the formatting dictionary.
Check that all fit attributes are not set in the estimator.
Return the number of CPUs in the system.
Create an nrt module with the given name and library.
Calculate the average and standard deviation of a list of numbers.
Test that a string is greater than a number.
Create a new dataset and add it to the list of to delete.
Wait for a server to terminate and raise an exception if the server is not running.
Check if the given URI is ignorable by looking at the settings. ignorable_prefixes
Raises an AssertionError if a is not b. If msg is specified it will be printed
Get the path to the yaml file for the given builtin name and runtime. If runtime is
Print a string to stdout if debug is set to True. If quiet is set to True
Send email notifications for all users in the system.
Get when an exploration has been rated on the given user id and exploration id
Get the program name of a shell command. If the command does not exist return none.
Process an element node.
Match a list of filters against a user - supplied list of user - supplied filters.
Check if auth traps are enabled for the given name.
Update the votes of all collections.
Return an error message for an unexpected error. The error message is returned as a string.
Upload the contents of the file to the remote host.
Convert a model class into a pmap.
Check if a url is a full redirect.
Return a generator that yields the results of a search. The format parameter is the format of
Return a random sum of the distances in the list of distributions.
Extract all of the files in the tar archive to the given path. If members is not
Return the relative path to a file relative to a directory in the archive.
Return True if the variable is used in the graph.
Test that hsl to rgb part 12 is the same as hsl to rgb part 12.
Convert an object to a reference to the module and name of the object. If the object
Return a new derivation object for the given element.
Append a binary message to a bundle.
Assert that a member is read from a given host.
Load a resource from a file and return a tuple containing the resource type and the content.
Calculate the checksum of a list of digits.
Convert a string to a language string. If the string is not in the given locale it
Return True if predicate returns True otherwise Return False.
Linkify a bounce url and return the attrs dict.
Add a host to the hostfile. If the host already exists it will be overwritten.
Get the name of the subnet
Create a database with the given name owner template encoding and locale. If the database already exists
Create a signed URL with the given parameters and return it as a string. The parameters are
Test to remove a grid from the figure. This is useful when you want to remove a
Return a list of paths that can be manipulated for the given element and loop.
Get the width of the terminal in pixels.
Enable an event. If the event is enabled it will be enabled. If the event is
Set all quota usage for a given resource to dirty. If dirty is set to True the
Returns a list of the text contained in the document in the form of a list of strings
Edit an ordered product. The user must have permission to change the order of the product.
Returns a list of tuples of the server group IDs and the names of the groups in the
Parse a subpattern of the source string and return a tuple of the flags. If the
Get the number of sides of a circle given the precision of the circle s radius and the
load a file from a file - like object or file - like object or file - like
Return a list of DHCP hosts associated with a given network.
Load all SQL files in a given folder. This is the main function of the script.
Convert Markdown text to HTML.
communicate with an interface on the local network.
Delete the device with the given id.
Convert a cartesian vector to the spherical harmonic angle.
Fontify a python node.
Add a new folder to the tree.
Return the entity group kind for the given key.
Create a titled group with the given key and title.
Check if a string is a valid boolean value.
Cache a string in the form of a % - escaped version of a string. This is
Return True if the params have a scorer and False if there is no scorer.
Add a lock to a list of packages.
Get the type of a given interface. If the interface does not start with str return str
Prepend the root directory to the given options.
Get the tex command.
Return a list of all services in the system. If limit is specified all services are returned
Return the current user s username.
Indents the current line by the given number of characters. If the number of characters is
Test the read twoline of ascii. read.
Generate a number of random words from the lorem ipsum. If html is set to
Parse a list of shorts from the tokens and return a list of options.
Convert the XML element into the output geometry.
Build a tunnel request string from host port and proxy auth header.
Add all statements in p to the end of p. If the end of p is the
Interact with the given url with the given cookie jar and set the headers and return the
Add a new batch job.
Get the errno of an exception.
Daemonize the current process. If pidfile is specified the pid will be written to pidfile.
Lookup a word table using the given options embeddings and word idict. The word table
Determine the default project to use. If no project is provided the default project is returned.
Remove a canvas from the list of canvasses.
Returns the nested output of the given object. The output is a string with a trailing newline
Check if two paths are equal.
Get an integer value from a string or None if the string is not an integer.
Create a tar file with the given name and root in the given directory. If no path
Create a new table in a database.
Returns a set of plugin names that are available to be removed from stevedore.
Summarize a markdown string into a string of the same length as the number of characters in
Add a dependency to the graph.
Return the inverse of a matrix. If the matrix is linear the inverse of the matrix is
Detach a volume from the cluster.
Display the sms inbox in s3. If the user is not logged in redirect to the
Returns the i - th element in a. If i is greater than the number of elements
test hcae. yaml with pylearn2 and pylearn2. yaml
Return the least significant bit greater than or equal to the given number.
Return a random wait time in seconds.
Returns a list of all the names of the nodes in the tree that are defined in the
Split a list of strings into a list of strings.
Show the status of the application. This is the main entry point for the web application.
Return a window of length num from the input data. The window is a ring list of
Time - Exponential Time - Exponential Time - Exponential Time - Exponential Time -
Set the verbose level for colorful output.
Test that the schema has at least one key.
Generate a random interkey interval between 0 and 1.
Convert a string to a list of strings that can be displayed in the main scene.
Return True if the environment variable MNE is set.
Check if the user has the given permission on the given view. If the permission is not
Return the function code and number of the receiver. If the receiver is a function it will
Get the brick annotation for a variable.
Find the n most frequent elements in an iterable.
Escape an HTML attribute for use in a URL. If safe mode is set to True the
Search for a sample file in the neutron path.
Check if the text is up in the web page. If it is it will return the
Patch sys. path to include the current file and the current directory of the current file.
Concatenate a list of dataframes along a given axis.
Build the list of resolvers based on the given configuration.
Convert an Oozie frequency string into a tuple of the hue and the value.
Remove the first occurrence of t from t and return t. The first occurrence of t is
Get the list of files in the current directory. This is the list of files in the
Get a full URL from the given environ dict.
Convert a datetime object to an epoch.
Create a footnote extension.
Truncate a string to a certain length and add a suffix to the end of the string.
Run tests on the command line and return the exit code or return the number of the command
Create a figure with the given options.
Calculate the heldout score for a given test and y.
Install a new virtualenv in the current user s home directory.
Convert a NumPy array to a NumPy array of RGBA values.
Get the current changeset of the current git repo.
Get the password for a database. If the database does not have a password return None.
Return a list of all groups in a user.
Create a stack from an XML element.
Create a managed config from a base config and a cluster.
Parse the content of a documentation file and return the index as a string. If the content
Check if the logical line is a number or not. If the logical line is a number
Serialize support data into a base64 encoded string. If request is not None and request is
Define a string flag with the given name default value and optional help text.
Bulk create fixed IP addresses.
Test for a typical memory error.
Set the condition for the mestate. settings object. If no arguments are passed the
Generate a random unicode string.
Patch os. fork to work with gevent. hub. fork.
Return a pretty representation of a frame relation.
Click a css selector and wait for it to be selected. Returns True if the selector was
Check to see if a trail exists.
Test suggested multiple column names with an alias.
Return the symbolic factor of expr. If expr is a relational expression it will be evaluated and
Migrate a virtual machine to a virtual machine on a virtual machine on a virtual machine on a
Checks if a string is a valid XBM string. If so it returns the string
Read the acceptance yaml file from the environment variable.
Check if a user has permission to upload a dictionary.
Step file should not contain log records.
Write the given string to the given file. If the file name is not specified the first
Ensure that a time is UTC. If the time is not already UTC return it unchanged.
Check that the value is a list of strings. If the value is a list of strings
Split a string at a single character.
Generate a URL for a given block and handler.
Euclidean distance between two points.
Remove outliers from a set of sequences using the given number of standard deviations and fraction.
Test metadata merging conflict exception.
Register an exception checker with the given linter.
Generate the documentation for all services in the session.
Create a route that returns a JSON response with the data returned by the server. This is
Create a new image property with the given values. If the property already exists it will be
Convert an image to a file. If fp is a file - like object it will be
Return the distance between a line and a line segment.
Remove a user s leader from a group.
Convert data to a dict and return it as a dict. If data is not a dict
Get labels for a given node and apiserver. If apiserver is none return all labels
Check for invalid keyword arguments.
Test the scheduler for a given number of times. This is a simple example of how to
Test for issue 360. The tokenizer is expected to return a list of tokens. The tokenizer
Test to see if the ast is good.
Return the node name of the system.
Sort the tokens in s1 and s2 according to their ratio in s1 and s
The billing details endpoint is used to display the billing details for a customer. This endpoint is
Check if step type is spark step.
Return a method descriptor for the given method.
Update the variables in the given contents.
Read a file and convert it to a list of subtitles.
Compute a list of distances to a user in a list of users. The distance is the
Test evokes baseline.
Load globals from a file on the given socket.
Apply fixes to a font and save it to a new font file.
Check if we can query the journald system.
Example of how to create a topic with IAM policy. This is a simple example of how
Watch for changes to the assets of a theme. If the option is set to True the
Get the data disk for a given VM.
Return True if the source is votable False otherwise.
Reparam the given string with the given dictionary and return the result as a string.
a Check to see if a matrix is stable for a given number of coefs.
Get the craft sequence from the string representation of the craft string.
Return True if a is less than or equal to b or equal to a or greater than
Get a specific job by its id.
Return the path to the salt - mdata binary.
Returns a dictionary with the timestamp as the first argument and the timestamp as the second argument.
Compute the sum of a matrix along a given axis. If no target is given the sum
Returns a dictionary of validator data. The keys are strings and the values are strings.
Get all the neighbors of a node in a directed graph.
Destroy one or more names.
Plot a layout object. If show is set to True the layout will be plotted as
Return the md5 hash of a file. If the file does not exist return an empty
Test basic compound inverse.
R^ - 1 a^ - 1 a^ - 1 a^ - 1 a^
Ensure that the tables module is available.
Capture the console log for a given scenario. If the scenario fails capture the error message.
Convert text file to html5lib format.
Return the job with the given name or None if no such job exists.
Read samples from a file and return them as a numpy array.
Return a list of all the available services for the machine.
Get the effective router for a given application.
Get the directory where xdg is stored.
Infer the compression of a file or file - like object or file - like object.
Return a JSON object from the given environ.
Decorator to mark a function as unauthenticated.
Check if a command matches the given string.
Get the user name from the string. Raises an exception if the string is not a valid
Abort a task.
Convert a string to a list of scopes.
Extract the version number from the version file. Return None if the file does not exist.
Convert a boto exception to a string.
Set the bonjour for a given host and port. If no host or port
Check if a list is an id pair.
Get an access token and secret for the current user.
Get the largest inset loop within a given radius.
Test for the existence of files in the add - on.
Remove an apppool from the system
Instantiates a proxy with the given bindings. If the proxy is a tuple it will be
Test save of project with checkstyle attribute set to str and save project with checkstyle attribute
Select a proxy from a list of proxies.
Add a dict to a cookiejar.
Log an exception and return a JSON response with the given status code and error message.
Returns an integer that is an integer greater than or equal to n rounded to the nearest integer
Copy a document to a protocol buffer.
Get the full path to the module with the given name.
Get the maximum of two numbers.
Get the device from the request.
Return the process ID for a given device or None if the device is not running.
Split an absolute URL into its components.
Parse a CIX file and return a tree with the version of the file as key.
Decode a string into an object of the given encoding. If encoding is none the object is
Get or create a mrjob service role
Validate that the value is a non - negative integer. If the value is none return the
Returns a Jinja2 button for installing a new add - on. If the user
Render the given template with the given renderer and options. If render is True the template will
Write a string to a PPP file with the given interface and data. If the file
Return True if the named command is not available.
List all replicas in the cluster. This command is used to list all replicas in the cluster
Return a dictionary with the given name as the key and the value as the value as the
Get an integer parameter from a GET request.
Get the score of a block from a dictionary of submissions.
Update a colormap with a new list of colors.
Convert a font object to an AFM font object.
Scan for Zookeeper instances and return a list of the instances.
Convert a list of values to a 255 - bit value.
Convert an IP address string to an integer.
Return a dictionary of environment variables that can be used to proxy requests.
Return the basename of a path.
Remove a geo node from the catalog. If the geo node does not exist it will be
Return a boolean indicating whether the data set is inside the bar. The data set must be
Demonstrates how to create a new instance in an EC2 stack.
Main entry point for the adgroup criterion operation.
Generate a token for a given key user id action id and timestamp.
Return a list of the absolute values of the linear distribution of f to u and k.
Compare two PSDs and return a line in the same format.
Return True if consul is installed otherwise False.
Run pyexcelerate to print the time and the number of rows and columns in a workbook
Shut down the daemon.
Check if the given pid command line matches the given match.
The http server for this process. The http server will be started when the process is started
Pauses the user for n seconds. If n is None the user will be prompted
Update quotas for a given tenant.
Move cursor to the beginning of a line.
Return a string with ANSI escape sequences.
Set the log level.
Get the mode of a device
Create a snapshot of the current image and save it to a temporary file.
Return True if the last request was the same as the last one in the DBMS.
Calculate the t - test power of a given effect size and number of observations.
Return the offsets of the beginning of a single block and the end of the block.
Get the data from the given URL. If the URL starts with str the data will be
Log a critical message.
Get a full dictionary of translations for a given language.
Return a generator of rows from a given range.
Return a list of targets from the roster
Create a crosstalk of the given width and height with the given number of connections.
Check that a given header matches a given value.
Return True if object is a data type.
Test sampling with balance cascade.
Test feature max length on step with table keys.
Unquote a string and return it as a string. The string will be converted to a
Read a packet from the tftp server.
Dump a BIFF file to a file - like object or file - like object.
Get the system username.
Query the VC varsall for a given version and arch.
Flattens a list of strings into a single string with the same number of groups.
Register a test function with the given name. The test function will be called with the given
Return a dict with the string as a key and the value as a value.
Merge files from one location to another.
Execute a JSE script and return the result.
Read a packet from the socket and return it as a Python object. If the packet is
Convert an IPv6 address to an IPv6 address. Returns none if the input is not
Return the object with the given name or None if no object with the given name exists.
Update all live symlinks in the given config.
Berlekamp s algorithm for the Berlekamp algorithm.
A view that returns the ETag of the response.
Activate a deployment for a given API stage.
Run a function in a WSGI environment. The function will be executed in the context of
Write a CGI response to the output stream.
Update all non - existing elements in a policy item with a new regkey.
Surround quotes in a string if the string is not a bash command and the string is
Upgrade the system to the latest version. If refresh is set to true the system will be
Get the base name of a repository.
Check if an address is a valid IPv4 address and is a netmask.
Add a new category to the tree.
Register a service in the context of the current module.
Extract the serial number from a show version string.
Return an absolute URL from the current site.
Get the intersection of x with a list of solid surface thickness and a list of solid surface
Create a route that redirects to a given URL. This is useful when you want to redirect
Create a masq config file. If no masq is given a new file will be
Move a file from one location to another.
Query quota reservations.
Evaluate function f on a list of numbers a p and k and return a list of the
Convert Markdown files to HTML.
Test denoising of a 3D image using the TV - Chambolle
Delete the commit information for a given rebalance.
Make sure the ca filesystem exists. If it doesn t it will generate the root CA.
Check if a thread should be awake or not. If so set the thread execution state
Test transformation of an array to a barycentric and a geocentric coordinate system
Return a tuple with the atom number as the key and the value as the value.
Generate the frontpage from the files in frontpage. png and frontpage. py.
Log a notice at the root logger.
Get words by file content.
Add a gitlab element to the XML element at the given parent element.
Infer the type of the given arguments.
Localize the given value according to the given locale. If the value is a boolean it
Return a list of all available zones.
Parse the ml headers into a dictionary of attributes.
Build an iterator from an XPath path and a set of namespaces.
test nvidia driver2
Make a plot of the training data from a JSON file. The data is expected to be
Get the tree details for a list of nodes.
Create a data class from the given endog and exog.
Assert that there is no element matching the given xpath.
Write data to a TTY log file with the given length direction and time stamp.
Confirms a user s password. If the user s password is valid it will be
Parse a sorted query into a query object and a sort object.
Get a unique value for a given type and id.
Calculate the variance of a list of numbers.
Get the strategy name.
Generate a age for a given issue.
A simple example of how to interact with the server. This is the main entry point for
Test match rules.
Generate a cache key based on the given request method and headerlist.
Compute the residual between two vectors in the direction op and b and fwd. The residual is
Return the value of an option. If omit is True then only return the value from the
Load images in a thread and write them to a file or file - like object.
Convert a tag string to a list of tags.
Get the current logger. This is a wrapper around multiprocessing. util. get_logger.
Return a list of jobs from the returner
This is the login view. It will redirect the user to the login page.
Attaches translations to a list of collections.
Convert a projected entity to a message.
Get the language info for a given template.
Infer the frequency of a pandas. Index or pandas. DatetimeIndex.
Checks if the current user is an admin only user.
Setup the platform and add it to the list of devices. Returns True if the platform is
Convert a list of strings into a Config object.
Add a cell to the task log.
Get a service by name. If plugin name is not a string it will try to find
Fail if a is not equal to b.
Return a unittest. TestSuite for the given directory.
Return an integer representing a color in the range [ r g b a ).
Create a custom key with the given key prefix and version.
Write properties to a workbook. Worksheet is a list of worksheets. The first element
Read an array from the file - like object f and return it as a numpy array.
Print the usage string to the console.
Call the function and publish the result to the session.
Create a zone for a service.
Calculate the total number of seconds from a timedelta object.
Get a file writer for a given file handle gzip or bzip. If do is False
Create a summary of the variables in the graph.
Check if a user can browse a repository s reviews.
Lighten the given color by the given percentage.
Process an SVG element and create an outline layer. This is the main entry point for the
Exclude new regions from cron jobs.
Plot a scatter plot of xs and ys.
Remove empty lines from the docstring if the docstring is not a string.
Remove the start iconset component from the source string.
Generate shell test data.
Raises an AssertionError if expr is None.
Get the user s qemu program.
Returns the user id of the authenticated user or None if the user is not authenticated.
Return the imp type for the given filename or None if the filename does not have an imp
Recursively create a directory on the given FTP server.
Returns a list of dicts with the number of months published for each blog post.
Print a message to the SGE debug log.
Deletes all properties of an image. Returns the number of properties deleted.
Run PEP - 8 checker on the given source code.
Swap the current memory usage and return a tuple of the total used and free memory.
Convert a list of parameters to a stack of dictionaries.
This function is called when a close event is received. It sets the exclude attribute of the
Generate a unit summary from the given namespace.
Test the binary sensitivity and specificity.
Returns the sms code for the given number with the given provider. The number must be a
Establish a connection to a GCP module.
Stop a running task.
Show the current state of the server.
Concatenate two strings into a single string. If a and b do not have the same
Compile the client code using distutils. ccompiler. ccompiler.
Create a new service with the given name. If restart is set to True the service will
Start the certificate generation process.
Computes the log - likelihood of the second - order log - likelihood of the second - order
Create a script from a dictionary of options and options.
Authenticates the user and returns a response. If the user is not logged in it
Process failed downloads and delete a folder if necessary.
Check if a table has a constraint with the given name.
Edit an existing liability.
Returns a dictionary of strings that can be used to create a general list of strings.
Convert a 32 - bit ID to a 32 - bit ID.
Get a value from a nested data structure using dot notation. If no value is found default
Test the short list of users.
Parse an output spec into a tuple of dimensions function and number of classes.
Make a DELETE request to the given URL with the given data and return the response as a
Download a video from Sina by vid. If title is not provided the video will be
Get the current Python version.
Get the value of the metric with the given name. If no metric with the given name
A dummy function to be called when the user does not want to override the default behavior.
Allocate a new lock for the current thread and return it. This function is intended to be
Get a list of exploration ids that match the given query string.
Return the inverse of a.
Unpack a unicode update from data at the given position in the data buffer.
Reshape incoming tensors to new shape.
Run a module in parallel on a set of devices. If no device is given the module
Return the version of the salt - minion installed on the minion.
Returns True if the thread is in the IO thread False otherwise.
Test that a po file is saved in a file system with a bad language. This test
Return True if the system is a virtual system. Otherwise return False.
Return an HTTP response with the given code.
Convert internal date to localtime.
Get an object from the database based on a model and a set of keyword arguments.
Create drawdowns and duration series for each column in pnl.
Create a prop filter spec.
Send an email to sabnzbd. emailer. emailer. endjob
A generator that yields all the elements in seqn. The generator yields each element in seq
Create a new user and add it to the given group. The user is created in the
Flattens an object and returns a new object. If the object is not an iterable
Test the conditional mlp and return a numpy array with the weights of the conditional vae
Merges the non report only policies dict with the report only policies dict.
Create a new node from a list of values.
Check if there is a problem with the given entrance. If there is a problem with
Sends an email to one or more recipients.
Search s3 for a resource with the given name and return a list of resources that match
Choose the correct poc type for a given file path.
Compute histogram of a tensor.
Wrap class. str and class. repr in a native string if it is not in the
Find the previous version of a file.
Get the level of the request. If the request is not a request the default level is
Multiplies f by u times k and then dups f until u reaches zero.
dimitem is a function that takes a single value and evaluates it and returns it.
Collect a list of host and port from a string of host and port. If chroot
Download a file from an OSX nsurl and return it as a local file path.
Find the tag for a given hg file.
Yield missing whitespace after import keyword.
Get the tiers for a given device.
Register a signal handler for the given object and return the handler that is associated with it.
Apply a function to a list of tensors.
Calculate the arcsech of a number.
Mark the current thread as managed. If the flag is True the current thread will be committed
Edit a user s profile. If the user is not logged in it will be redirected to
Return a list of all files that match the pattern in the given treeroot.
Format a plugin info table with the given column lengths.
Sort the data according to the order of the fields in the server. This is done by
Convert a blockdevice id to a dataset id.
Get an instance type by flavor id.
Get n - grams from a sequence of strings.
Load an inline module from the helperlib. py file. Returns a tuple containing the ffi
Test the current working directory with absolute paths.
Validate that the number of values in vals is a positive integer. If the number of values
Two step backpropagation.
Get a list of exceptions for a given season.
Remove vertical spacing before comments.
Test dynamic line profile.
Return True if the subscription matches the topic.
Test the ncr cleaning rule.
Check if the given user supports the given object. If the object is not authenticated it will
Return the CPU information for the sunos system.
Set the cookies to never accept the given string.
Compile the string as an ast and return the result as an ast. The string can t
Calculate the norm of x and y.
Return a list of module names longnames and help text from the head of the list.
Count the number of small integers in an array. If the array is empty return an empty
Strips accents from an ASCII string.
Set the GL configuration.
Return the blob with the given key or None if the key does not exist.
Use the cached files for the given tuple. If the tuple is not a tuple return False
Print the version and exit.
Return the absolute value of a.
Check if a python version is available on the system.
Set the default log levels and external opts.
Shift the divisions of a dataframe by a given number of periods and frequency.
Binary log - loss.
Flag the given instance as being modified by the given key. If the key does not exist
Get a holiday calendar by name.
Generate a random alphanumeric string of the given length.
Open a resource from the local cache. If the resource doesn t exist it will be created
Add an in - fill boundary to a nested list of rings.
Remove a reference to the given wr from the handler list. This function is thread - safe
Unload a module and all its submodules.
Validates pack name. Raises error if name is invalid. Raises error if name is blacklisted.
Process an SVG node and create an outline layer. This is the main entry point for the
Load a class from the given name and setting.
Decoration function for Greatest Common Subsequence Decorrelation.
Fix a makefile by adding the algo to the makefile if it doesn t already exist
Derive a key from the given extern key using the given passphrase. If the passphrase is
Test import of vispy modules.
Build a select field for the tool panel section.
Add tagids and descriptify the html page and return the cleaned html.
Get the codename of a permission.
Return a list of all documents in the current language.
Find all files in the given metadata.
Sends a purchase receipt to a user.
Compute the vector of vechrobes in the input array.
Test make log links.
Return True if the class has an inherited table False otherwise.
Set a configuration option.
Get a rollback of a migration.
Remove a VFSTAB.
Check if a file is a FIFO.
Enable email subscriptions bcrypt log rounds and auto - use settings.
Add quotes to a string so that it can be used as an argument to an SQL statement
Return a list of all IPv6 interfaces on the system
Calculate the PCOA score for a set of lines.
Example of how to use netcat. This is a simple example of how to use net
Merge two dataframes into a single data frame and return the result as a pandas DataFrame.
Register a new user.
Test laplace masking.
sample color prefs and map data from options
Send a GET request to the server and log the result.
Validate a list of devices.
Preview a file with a list of fields and a delimiter. This is the default delimiter.
Convert a path to a human readable string.
Build a qsub command string.
Render a GENSHI file to HTML.
Sort a list of integers according to a comparison function or a key function.
Create a new bzr wc target with the same name as the remote url. The target
Return a link to a block in the CMS.
Fetch promo images from url and save them to database.
Copy a file or directory to the clipboard.
Print a list of items to stdout.
Create a text file with the given contents. If the file already exists it will be overwritten
Load an XML file and return it as a tree.
Check that the number of healthy EC2 instances is at least min healthy.
Prohibit output by checking all characters in data against a set of checks in tables.
Delete a user from a password file
A context manager for the tabbed browser stubs. This is a context manager. It
evalf returns a new dictionary of subs with the values evaluated in the given precision.
Format a file size to a human readable format.
Create a new object in the client.
Yield lines from a string or list of strings. If a string is given it will be
Parse the driverdisk rule and return a dictionary of arguments.
Return True if the given tag is a block level.
Put a secret into the secrets manager.
Create a new reference from an existing reference.
Return a list of lines from the output list that are safe to be outputted.
Get the path to the fabmetheus file.
Checks that the named file exists in the current working directory.
Add values to the log of the sum of the sum of the sum of the values.
Download a file from sickbeard. nzb to sickbeard. nz
Get a list of all the videos in the course.
Parse a URL and return the path and environment.
If the user is not an admin and the group is an admin remove the key from the
Split a command line into its path command and arguments.
Test the integration of the build.
Generate a report of the expected diffs.
Calculate the exponential of a and b. This is the inverse of np. exp.
Returns True if the user has permission to edit the setting type of the given model.
Resize the given url to the given maxwidth.
Convert a row of data to a dictionary.
Install the custom language file in the environment if it exists. If the file does not exist
Returns True if the field is present in the given item.
Set the active figure to be the given axes.
Redirect to a given location.
Return a list of paths for the given scheme. If no scheme is given the default scheme
Setup the platform with a list of tcp sensors.
Find a language in a dictionary.
Create a new instance of the QName class and set the network accessible property to False.
Yields all collectors that are not dead or have been spawned more than num seconds
Get the quoted version of a string. If the string is not quoted return the original string
Fetch an entry from the journal table.
Update the port count. If extract is set to True the port count will be extracted.
Get the size of an item.
Get a list of points from a segment table.
Returns a redirect response. If to is a string it will return permanent otherwise it will return
Process data from a round and return the output. If the process returns an error log the
Delete an image tag.
Return the current year as a Jinja2 markup string.
Get the current tracer for the given process id.
Returns the name of a regular variable in the form of an underscore - separated string.
Return True if a is b False otherwise.
Get user info from cookie.
Browses the given object and displays it in a dynamic browser. If the object is
Returns a set of all ancestors of source in the graph g. If source is not a
Check that movorder is correct. If it s not it will be plotted in a
This is the entry point for the command line tool. This is the entry point for the
Get the jump point on the line boundary that is inside the line other point.
Filter proposals that overlap with crowd proposals.
Get a value from the player s puppet player or player s puppet player list.
Prepare Earth position velocity and heliocentric position.
Parse a file of text and return a generator of snippets.
Unmap data from a list of indices. If the data is not a list of numbers
Return True if the given IP address is a private one.
Install the code into the current working directory. If the code already exists it will be overwritten
Convert a hex color string to a color tuple.
Get the eol chars from the given os name.
Format the given datetime object as an RFC 3339 - formatted string.
Create a new credentials object with the given scopes.
Create a COW image from a backing file. If no backing file is specified the backing
Run a raw incron command on the specified user.
Send an e - mail to a user to reply to a specific review request.
Parse an interval string into a timedelta object or raise an error if the interval string is invalid
Convert a jobsub design object into a jobsub action object.
Return a generator that yields all the app names and the module name for each app.
Load overrides from a JSON file and update the loaded config with the overrides from the file.
Return True if this is a gcc llvm or False if it is not.
Get the OpenShift version from the command line. If the command doesn t exist it will
Detect whether the given stream is a valid DBF file or not.
Generate a partial entity from a cursor. The cursor is expected to be a cursor object.
Re - quote a URI to be safe for use in a URL - like request.
Invert a bit in the data register.
abstract declarator p abstract declarator p abstract declarator p abstract declarator p abstract decl
Require a version to be greater than or equal to the given min version. If verbose is
Create a java application environment variable for the given app name.
Get all the role assignments for a given user.
Generate a set of keys for the given number of bits. If the number of bits is
Fit a random distribution and test that it is equal to the sample of the original data.
Returns a bool indicating if the array section has problems in the given course id.
Extract a line from a text string at a given index.
Create a SAML provider.
Drop a site.
Log out the user from the server.
Restores the status of an app from its highest status. If save is set to True
Calculate the Damerau - Levenshtein distance between seq1 and seq2.
Return a list of all the queues on the minion
Return a flat list of files relative to the given directory. If the file does not exist
Get a list of campaign feeds for a given feed and placeholder type.
A fixture that renders the configuration of the model.
Return a list of all the values of f u k. If all is set to True
Example of how to stem and stem words from a string. This is a simple example of
List the revisions of the given commits in the given repository.
Import a file from a local file store.
Clear the keystring and wait for it to be updated.
Add a y - coordinate to a list of x - coordinates. The x - coordinates are
Test the data of a Morlet - Marquardt file.
Get a colormap by name. If no name is given the current colormap will be returned.
Get the least cost functions from the configuration.
Reshapes an array to a new shape if it s not a categorical array.
A fixture that returns a string in a worker pool. This is useful when you want to
Update the override dict with the fontdict and keyword arguments.
Convert a long integer to a raw string.
Convert a reference string to an object.
Check if a resource is enabled.
Call the given function with the given arguments and print a warning if the function throws an exception
Get and delete messages from the session.
Run a command on a PEM file and return the output as a string.
Encode an extension string into an extension string. If the string is empty return an empty string
Return a tuple of template directories for a given template directory.
Show information about an IPsec site.
Draw the currently active figure if interactive.
Check if a vlan interface exists.
Test that the max similarity is equal to num. This is done by testing the max similarity
Replace the first occurrence of target in string with replacement. If the target is not found the
Gemm optimizer for GPU and GPU. Returns True if the optimizer is on GPU.
Test repository fs.
Delete a collection summary.
Convert a plist object to a string.
Display a list of songs for a user. If the user is not in browse mode
Remove a job from the chat data.
Returns the sigmoid of x.
Find the number of missing elements in a list.
Return a list of all nodes in the cluster. If full is set to True only return
Analyzes a file and returns the window object or None if no window is available.
Get the password for a given field in a given document.
Check if a string is a member of a builtin type and if so return a boolean.
Divide self by rhs and return the result. If rhs is a variable it will be
Decode a JSON string into a Python object.
Interact with the server and client connections in memory. Returns a tuple of a read and
Get full spec without validation.
Enable screenshots for each scenario.
Make a link node with the given rawtext text and url.
Get a new repository from the current working directory.
Concatenate a list of epochs into a single epoch.
Return the intersection of all graphs in a list of graphs.
Load a config file and return the configparser object and the path to the config file.
Validate that a string is an integer.
Execute a command on the minion and return the data. If the command fails log a critical
Get the key for the guestbook.
Build a questionnaire from a series id.
Send an event to a list of users. The event will be published to the queue and
Render a template from an LMS dictionary.
Return the value of a key in a dictionary. If the key does not exist in the
Return True if the value is aware of the timezone.
Remove a file or directory from the Augeas system.
Convert a numpy array to a numpy array. If mode is str it will be converted to
A benchmark for the isotonic regression function. Returns the number of seconds elapsed since the last
Create a new document and return it. If the form is valid it will be saved and
The main entry point for the peep script. This is the entry point for the p
Create a Keras model from a YAML string.
Format a parameter to be used in a query. If value is a tuple it will be
Redirect the user to the given URL.
Escape HTML string to make it safe to use as a string. This is useful when you
Get the current user s name. If the user is not in the system return False.
Test for color - based output on the standard output.
Get the CPU architecture from the cpuinfo file. If the file does not exist return the
Get the session data from the session file. If the file does not exist return an empty
Get the library with the given name. If the library is not available return None.
Returns the sum of squares of the mean of the values in y.
Mock stdout or stderr.
Add orbits if they are large for the given time and loop and temperature change.
This is the main function of the program. It opens a serial connection and logs the user
Count the number of members in an image.
Get a service by host and binary name.
Unescape the given string or return the original string if it is None.
Parse the given query and return a simplified tree.
Get the version of the node in the cluster.
Get the text of the mail.
Return the name of the virtual cache
Validate a config against a schema.
Get a storage reference from a VBD reference.
Return a dataframe with the column parameters as a list of floats. If a column is a
Customize a network for a given framework.
Update the target with the given dependencies and command. If the target is outdated execute the given
Get information about a user in the knowledge base.
Get the version from the init file. If the file does not exist it will be created
Ignore comments from the given list of lines and yield them as a generator of line numbers and
Create a new figure and return it as a manager.
Setup the platform for all gateways in the Hass instance.
Return a list of all available storage accounts on the cloud provider.
Configure the logging system.
Test implicit inheritance.
Returns True if the backup mode is a string. Otherwise returns False.
Get a component review by id.
Convert an OS - specific IP address to an IP - specific IP address.
Return a list of all states in the specified environment
Patch the result object with a text method to skip the next item in the result set.
Coerce a string to a yes - no value.
Test the k - sample of a set of groups.
Return the server directory for the current process.
Get the virtual machine name.
Clean up a traceback by stripping out any backtrace that is not in the exclude list.
Parse the output into a list of table objects.
Remove all models from the database.
Test import code.
Log a message if debug is enabled. If debug is not enabled the message will be logged
Add a variable to the parser. The variable is converted to a string and added to the
Get next url for login page.
Convert a sequence matrix to a dictionary of strings.
Search for a script in the default path. If not found print a message and exit.
Generate a set of keys for the given number of bits using the given getprime function.
Get the previous version tag.
Convert a string into a string with the length of the string and the length of the string
Return a list of all disabled daemons.
Return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary.
Load a manifest into sys. path. If the manifest already exists it will be overwritten.
n Returns the raw anomaly score for a given set of active columns and predicted columns.
Run the module with the given name. The name can be either a module name or a
Get a filter from a function or class.
Convert a datetime object to a time object.
Return a list of returners for a given environment
Convert a string to a slugified version of it. The string will be converted to lowercase
Get the pixmap for the given name.
Find the version number in the given file.
Test if pip option is good.
Check if service type is available. If not try to load it from base url. If
Return a multiplicative expression of type 1.
Submit a pyspark job to the dataproc. Returns the id of the job.
Return the path to the current working directory.
Create a new history archive with the contents of the dataset file and the contents of the dataset
Delete all artifacts with the given names from the datastore. If no names are given all artifacts
Check if the feature is enabled.
Fetch the requirements from the given requirements. txt file and return a tuple of the requirements and
Convert a store to a filestore with translated units.
Create a lease strategy for a given dataset and node.
Modifies the display name with the given string. If the display name does not exist it
Test the smote estimator.
Generate a latex representation of the inheritance diagram.
Convert a short color to an RGB color. Short color can be a short color or a
Get the number of open file descriptors for the current process.
Create a topic from an iterator and a resource.
Save answers to s3 database.
Test that math is a subclass of float and long.
Import a module from a given path.
Decorator to add an nd option to the class.
Create all the territories in the database.
Get the detail of an OAuth application.
Educate dashes with old school.
Return the chi2p of x2 using gammai with tail = upper or lower.
Determine if setuptools should be overridden by the current version of the project or not.
A wrapper for the dog. api. histogram function. This is a wrapper around the
Find the feat part of an artist.
Check that numpy is available.
Generate an image from a source file using a list of generators. If no generators are provided
test replace column via setitem
Save an object to an hdf5 file.
Get the local IP address of the given interface or the given interface if none is given.
Assert that two datetimes are equal. The allowance parameter can be used to restrict the
Setup the platform with the APCUPS data. This is the main entry point for
Generate a cookie with the given key and value. If max is not None the cookie will
Get the ms payload from the given payload string.
Filter nodes that are subclasses of the given superclass.
Write output to the archive. If should be set to True the output will be opened in
Escape a string for use in an SQL statement.
Center a 2D array by subtracting the mean from the mean and then scaling the std
Commit the current item to S3 and return the result as a list of S3 objects
Convert a boto exception to a string. If err is an instance of boto. exceptions.
Test the outdated flag on the command line. This is useful when you want to run a
Create a boolean expression that tests if the given value is not a zero value.
Return a list of committees for the given element and chamber.
Delete a resource. If no name or id is provided the resource will be deleted from the
Invert a dictionary of keys to ids.
Build a project from a JSON file or a JSON file. If clean is set to True
Load the tests from the given directory.
Get the manipulated geometry by translating the vertexes of the element to the output geometry
Return a datetime object from a timestamp in seconds.
Create a new hash object with the given name and data. If the name is a string
Write a Python object to a JSON file.
Quote a string so that it can be used as a value in a SQL statement.
Command line interface for the git repo command.
Run the installation and renewal of a certificate.
Create missing permissions for all metrics in the database. This is done by merging all restricted metrics
Add a message prefix to the current context. If force is set to True the message will
Return - 1 if point is less than other or + 1 if point is greater than other
Returns a function that reads a P2G file from a file - like object.
Get the full path to a git repository.
Return the state of the process identified by pid.
test install folder using relative path
Check if the given function name is a valid JSONP function.
Returns a string representation of the severity of a given check.
Print a warning if the tcl is not installed or the teapot is installed.
Format a list of files as JSON and return the number of errors encountered.
Resume a connection to a remote server.
Get a team. If the team is closed redirect the user. If the team is closed
Persists the current clipboard to the QClipboard widget.
Return the inverse of a matrix.
Get the next frame from a media player.
Reindex the answer metrics for all questions in the given instance.
Create a descriptor from a proto message.
Prunes constant expressions from the given linear operator.
Returns a list of all available languages in the database. If the database does not have a
Get a resolver for a given resource type.
Return True if employee is a holiday. If no date is given today will be used
Simplify a path to a given radius. If the path is longer than the given radius
Return True if the entry should be excluded from the list of languages.
Perform a dig on the given host and return the result as a list of strings.
A CLI plugin that returns a set of requests that can be used to communicate with the server
Get the bytes from a string of bits. If the string is not a string return the
Reduce a residue to a derivation of a residue in a residue list h. de is
Convert a list of strings to a SQL list. If the list is already a string return
Get a list of all the users in the site s blogs.
Hash the given password using the given digest mod iterations and salt size.
Check if registration code is valid and if it is redeemed. If it is not
A function to test the section description of the config data.
Compute the constraint of a sphere. The constraint is the distance from r0 to r.
Check if entry is a member of a class or a static method. If entry is a
Return True if the given dtype can be represented as a string.
Delete one or more devices from a mountpoint.
Get a list of plugin file names from the skeinforge archive.
Return an iterator of nitems items with the given testobj. If testobj is not
Setup shed tools for testing.
Ensure that the named project is absent.
Compute a summary of a collection.
Compare a screenshot with a given window. If the screenshot doesn t exist it will be created
Return a dictionary of options for the pifacc command.
Randomly shuffle a list of numpy arrays and return a tuple of the same elements.
Load an image from a file and return a tuple of the raw image and its value.
Find an address by ip device id or public ip. If device id is specified it will
Add a code cell to the notebook.
Create a hash of the version of an item.
Run a simple multi - link.
Generate a file with the given name and namespace and write it to the given destination directory.
Parse a header value and return a list of links.
Verify a message against a list of certificates.
Get the name of the init script.
Return a tuple of bool bool or str depending on whether the system is virtual or not.
Read correction information from a file and return as a dict.
Return information about the OS release.
Test the YUV design matrix for RGB and YUV.
Corrects the probabilities of mat to the probabilities of p. If target is not specified it
Establish an SSH connection to a service on a remote host.
Create a module and its parents from the given module name.
Parse a pattern specification into a list of patterns and a list of patterns to ignore.
Ensure that the named service is running. If the service is not running then start it.
Eject a polynomial from a polynomial f to a polynomial u. If front is True the
Make an MD5 hash for the given UPID.
Read a number of bytes from the given file object and return as a list of bytes.
Encrypt a message with the given key.
Read a file and return a dictionary with the parsed data. The file can be either a
Randomly shuffle the list of songs in the model and display them in the GUI.
Validate that a string is a valid slug.
Decorator to set the test attribute to True if wtforms2 is greater than the current version
Create a tuple with degree and hourangle units.
Return a list of keys that match a pattern.
Handler for thread edited and comment deleted events.
Get the sum type of a numpy dtype.
Send a message to a project.
Update the namespace of the given item with the given new namespace. If the new namespace is
is valid route dist
Dump a byte array to a hex string with a given number of bytes.
Repeats the API call until a marker is found.
Return a salted HMAC of the given value using the given key salt and secret. If
Unfreeze a file or directory. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Add a moderator to a forum.
Return a list of all the tags published by the user.
Send a shutdown command to the given port. If the port is transparent the shutdown command will
Create a new EC2 volume with the given uuid and id. If id is not specified
Return an imperative or subjunctive mood based on the given sentence.
test api create invalid membership no email no user
Returns the last updated date of the object in the given context. If no object is given
Return a sink for the given resource for the given iterator and resource.
Return a list of all IPsecPolicy objects.
Import an optional package. If the package doesn t exist a MissingPackage exception is raised.
Get the ssh interface for the given VM.
Sample rois from the roidb and fill it with fg and bg rois.
Get the coding of the given text. If the text is a binary string the coding is
Return the current line number of the file in the file system.
Get information about the gluster volume. If no name is provided the information about all the
Return a tuple with the string and the remainder of the callback. If the callback does not
Take a list of numbers and return a list of numbers that are in the major range.
Create a set of values in a DataFrame based on a series or a list of values.
Make a DELETE request to the given URL using the given profile dictionary.
Remove an element from the pixel list at a given point in the pixel dictionary.
Create a DMP from a list of monomonom and a list of coefficients.
Render an icon with the given class and optional title. If a title is provided it will
Get the fully qualified name of the application.
Setup the platform for the Hass device manager.
A noop function that always returns None. This function is intended to be used as a no
Evaluate code in the context of a list of variables. If variables is None the code is
Get the current platform distribution.
Clear the buffer for a remote connection.
Require an ndarray to be a cuda ndarray.
Create a new image.
Queue the models to be run in order to make sure that the dependencies are met.
Return the source of the file at the given path. If the file does not exist it
Check if a file exists in a given path.
Show the properties of a hosted service
Execute a high state call with the given data. The data can be a dict or a
Swap axis1 and axis2 of a tensor y by axis1 and axis2.
Set the carrier name to use for the current request.
Get crafted text from gcode.
Convert a dictionary to a JSON formatted string.
Build a header string from title date author categories tags slug status and attachments.
Set the list of nodes that will be used to connect to the cluster. This is useful
Test an expression against a list of allowed opcodes.
Create a bytes feature from a list of values.
Process the header of a plan record. If the record is not a plan return none.
Render a template as XML and return the result as a response object.
Create a SQS queue. Returns True if the queue was created. False if the queue already
Given a list of predictions return a list of top n predictions sorted by tag.
Run a random number generator on the file system and assert that it is called once.
Split a branch file into branch and file name.
Compare two strings for equality. Use the hmac module if available otherwise use the standard compare function
Start a minion by name. Returns True if the minion is running and False if the minion
Get all messages from js files.
Add a port to a bridge
A context manager to archive a zip file into a temporary directory and delete the temporary directory.
Convert a line of text into a keyset.
Computes the linear interpolation between y and x. If the weights or sigma are not specified then
Copy file atime mode and flags from src to dst using os. stat.
Get the next URL from the request.
Swaps the first letter of a string with the second letter with the third letter with the
Parse a raw server string and return a dictionary with the server names as keys and the corresponding
Get a list of issues for a given project and state. If pulls is set to
Update all tests in a sample in the autotest directory.
Test that a template is valid. This is useful if you want to test a template.
Return an antonym of the given text.
Check that the config is a dict and that all the keys in the config are present.
Return the lm of a polynomial or a list of polynomials.
Create a default group for the database. The default group is a list of all the groups
Export the states of a given exploration id to a YAML dict.
Run a git command with the given title and command. Returns a tuple of the exit status
Generate a CA certificate.
Check if a connection has been dropped.
Test k - folding of the training and validation sets.
Update user profile picture data url
Return a list of specialized types for the given type.
Simplify an expression. If simplify is set to True then simplify the expression. If simplify
Return True if ltyp is a pointer type.
Check if a file exists in a set of include dirs.
Run code in the given globals. The code is executed in the context of the given globals
Redirects to another location with HTTP 303 status code.
Format a timestamp into an email. utils. formatdate string.
Store a new ticket for a bridge.
Generate a valid slug based on source parent and language. If parent is None the slug will
Get a list of mirrors for the given hostname. If no hostname is given the default
Calculate the average absolute deviation of an array over a given minimum and estimated estimated estimated estimated estimated
Create a new link in the subreddit and add it to the AMQP queue.
Test the cluster permutation test.
Return True if a keyring is present.
Encode a string to base64 and decode it. If the string is already base64 encoded
Unzips a dictionary of parameters into a new dictionary. The keys are the keys of
\ Shows the network information for a given tenant.
Get a list of extensions from a CSR.
Get the UUID for a label.
A timer that runs a conesearch function with the given number of seconds.
Returns the url for a given viewname with the given args and kwargs. If no locale
Get the last HTTP request from the thread.
Test horizontal prewitt filter.
Installs a wx application in the main thread.
Load a comparable X. 509 certificate from a file or file - like object.
Sends an e - mail to all admins in settings. admins. If fail is set to
Process an SVG element.
Test source space from label.
Get a list of user email preferences for a list of user ids.
Return the total physical memory of the system in bytes.
Get a secret from the secrets manager.
Publish a progress message to Frappe.
Create a new image on a server.
Return a list of events for a given resource.
Set the dirty flag for the current connection.
Update the permissions of a client in an export. If the client is not in the list
Return True if x is an infinity. If x is a string return True otherwise return False
Compute the MDFT of a given number of elements.
This function is called when the user hits a link to a document in the database. It
get file text given directory and file name
Solve the FFT of x using the specified windows. The window is assumed to be a
Update the membership of a student in the forum.
Get the size of a directory in bytes.
Create a text node and append it to the parent element.
test drange test for datetime. timedelta. num is the number of hours in the range
Convert unicode string to HTML string.
Get a list of models to patch.
List all tmux configs in the tmux config directory.
Register a route to be removed from the VRF table. This will delete the vrf table
Interprets a plugin file name and returns the corresponding plugin module or None if the file
Update the user s subject interests.
Check if an element is focused on the page.
Generate a secret key for the given order and data. The secret key is the length of
Make sure the datetime object is naive. This is a test to make sure it is naive
Remove a volume from the system and put it away.
Return a list of all the process IDs in the current process s procfs directory.
Get a loop with no intersections.
Generate a random name for an img file with the given extension.
Return the relative value of x.
Open a file and return a database object.
Install node and python prerequisites.
Select an item from a sequence of numbers.
Set a value in a nested dictionary at a given dot - notated path.
Get the path to the scrapy executable.
Require a password change.
Generate a list of python paths for the given package. If the package is a catkin
Return a dictionary with the name of the computer. The dictionary contains the name of the computer
Return a generator that yields only unique items from the input sequence.
Set the agent settings for a given contact location and services. If no services are provided all
Read signature from ed25519 signature file.
Call the API with the given request and response. If the call fails the response will be
Compute the singlevalued measures from a networkx networkx object.
Sort a list of strings in ascending order using binary search. This is done by merging the
Return True if object is a function.
Test pooling with an anonymous variable.
Convert a JSON string to a Python string.
Return a statistical description of the outside of the current statistical range.
Get list of display names for a given course.
Follow a user in the database.
Retrieve a file from the server.
Construct an algebraic field from a list of sympy coefficients.
Return a tuple of the powers of num to the power of p. If num is
Look up an AMQP exchange by its name. If no exchange is found None is returned.
Return True if this is a virtual machine.
Test that censure is within the range of min and max scale.
Convert a unicode string to a local string.
Strips leading and trailing whitespace from a string.
Delete a message. If the user does not have the appropriate permissions a 404 is returned.
Return a list of lan IP addresses.
Get the disk backing file for a given path. If no backing file is available return the
Change the GID of a process.
Get the version number from the version file. If the version file does not exist an error
Check if a given RT table is available on the local machine.
Notify about the usage of an instance.
Remove a root from a list of paths.
Wrap the given text to the given number of characters.
Rename a document in a CSV file.
Return True if the element in array is contained in choices.
Get the registration object for the given email address.
Convert a 2d array to 1d.
Associate a failure with the current user with the given message. If the user is logged in
Polls a process for its exit code and prints it to stdout. If suppress errors is
Test output of table with colorless output.
Assert that actual is less than or equal to desired and less than or equal to tol.
Parse the source and return the first table in the source or None if there are no tables
A simple tag to review the request actions. This tag is used to review the request actions
Get the desktop URI prefix.
Enable a module.
Check if a is full inside b. poly must be a 2D or 3D.
Get crafted text from gcode.
\ x1b [ 1mNAME \ x1b [ 0m iteration - This
Extract a boolean value from a string or raise an error if the value is not a boolean
Test that the world should be able to absorb classs.
Test that the main module is the same as the version of bokeh.
Return True if the class is abstract False otherwise.
Get the coursetalk course key for a given course key.
Return True if the file is readable False if it s not.
Check if the user can edit the leaders of the group.
Submit a task to calculate may enroll csv.
Check for link destinations in a container.
Calculate the MVSCK from the given MVSCC and MVSCC
Returns the version of the CPU. If the CPU is the same as the number of CPU
Run a command and return its output.
Get a list of paths that can be manipulated based on the given prefix and side length
Setup the two axes for the 2d plot.
Calculate the cone of an individual. The cone is the square root of the individual
Fit a single class with a neighbourhood cleaning rule.
Test unit summary prefixes.
A context manager that removes the cache and patches the requests. session factory with the previous session
Returns the minimum value in the range [ low high ). If the value is not an
Return the hash of a file.
Create a new response to be sent to the server. The response is returned as a JSON
Get the external IP address of the current process.
Set a new resource with random poc metadata author category and regions.
Get a socket for a given port. If no port is given the default port is used
Raise an error if the crypto module is not available.
Get the S3 REST API for the current project.
Return the maximum value along a given axis.
Return True if the string is in the front of the qtconsole or False if not.
Return a list of all enabled services. If limit is specified only those services that are enabled
Return a list of schemes that are supported by the given uri schemes.
Get the documentation from vim and print it to stdout.
Return a copy of a panel with all the panels inherited from the base panel. If the
Return the current SQLite database connection. If the database is not already open create it and return
Update the options of a model.
Get the display time zone.
Test power expansion.
Load the mime types from the given locations. If no locations are given all available mime types
Test that a port is a valid value.
Set the time limit for a task.
Return the effective price for the given offer and line.
Defines a floating IP to be associated with a client. The client must be connected to a
Render a dashboard column.
Delete a queue from the specified region.
Check if the given entry is a valid fingerprint. If check is set to True the entry
Insert a primitive into a tab.
Return the logarithm of x using the log2 function ln2. If x is a
Greedily wrap a string into lines of a certain number of characters. If the string
Return a list of all substrings in the string that are in the trie.
Control a worker with a given lbn and VWA. Returns True if the worker
Assert that item1 is before item2.
Test sensor value from code.
Returns a string of the given number rounded to the given number of decimal places.
Wait for a snapshot to be in the given status.
Read two strings from a matrix. The first string is read from str1 and the second
Create a fake option with the given values.
fixup ins and del tags from block - level elements. This is a hack to remove
Print a Julia expression to the standard output.
Return a list of locations ordered by date.
Get an image from a file in the test data directory.
This is the main entry point for the service. It reads the input from the user and
Blend an image onto a canvas.
Parse a perforce date string into a datetime. datetime object.
Get a list of all regions in an RDS instance.
Return a list of lines with the duplicate word removed from the list of lines.
Register a schema for a given path.
Print a summary of the results.
Format the given string with the given arguments and kwargs and return the result as a string.
Extract the tomcat version from the output.
Parse a list of tests into a list of test objects.
Get a new speed repository.
Get a random number between 0 and n. If n is less than n random numbers are
Upload a project to a remote repository.
Allocate a new value and store it in the builder. The value will be stored in the
Check if data is a scalar. If not raise an error. If data is not a
Create a new Wsgi resource.
Add a host to an aggregate.
Return the name of the backing file for the given volume.
Return an iterator over all available plugin keywords.
Get a list of all power types in the system.
Reloads the module with the given string. This is called when the module is reloaded
Login to a Google voice server.
Returns a 403 response for a given template. If the template does not exist a 403 response
Return a dictionary of changes for the given name. If the name is not present in the
Print an error message in the format specified by fmt. If ap is None the error message
Determine the trend mode of a dataset.
Parse input spec and return vgsl. image. shape object.
Get a template library by name. If the library does not exist it will be created.
Get the path to the runtime file.
Get a list of all the models in the database.
Requires the given packages and returns a unittest. skip test if the requirements are not met
Show a vocabulary.
Return a list of inactive VMs
Get the name of the package from the data dict.
Parse a comma separated list of tokens into a list of tokens.
Return a new media list with the contents of the media list p. The media list p
Remove excessive. pyc files from a given path.
Return the url for the given module and filename. If the module is a string return the
S3 include for debug mode.
Check if the percent field is aligned or not.
Called when a file is deleted from the file store.
Return the bitwidth of a string in bits.
Return a dict of packages and their versions available for the given package name.
Return a normalized version of the given URL.
Initialize the parameters from a dictionary of options.
Return the commutation matrix for the given p and q matrices.
Test the distance comparison of num and u. kpc and u. mpc.
Return a string representation of val with a colon. val must be a byte array. by
Run the model with the given command line and check that all the selected scenarios are selected.
Generate the managed section of the cluster.
Format a number of seconds into a human readable string.
Fetch streams in infinite loop. If no streams are available return none. If no streams are
Test if float range is 3.
Get a list of points around a given point in a loop with a given radius.
Check if the response is valid and raise an error if not. If the response is not
Project a vector v onto a vector w. The vector w must be a unit vector.
Complete a list of rules for a given command.
Returns a summary of the given exploration with ratings and contributors added.
Unvouch a user s vouches. If the user s vouches are
Initialize the cache directory tag and webengine data. If args is not none move webengine
Get an object from the session s identity map. If no object is found return none.
Log a warning message to the root logger. If no root logger has been configured the basic
Project a string with the given name in the given language. This is useful when you want
Get the minimum value of a list of complex paths.
Create a new multiprocessing. Manager instance and start it. This is a thread - safe way
Check if a sequence of alphabets is compatible with DNA RNA and Protein
Check if a role exists in the database.
Setup the platform with the given configuration and add the given devices to the platform s list of
Delete one or more models from the datastore.
Execute a job in a given site. If async is True the job will be executed asynchronously
Sanitize a string to be used as the default value for a config file.
Calculate the duration in seconds for a given number of samples and a given sample rate.
Return the name of the object s interface.
Parse the sizespec and weight into a list of partition specs.
Return a list of targets that have the given target in the given qualified list.
Convert html to string and add it to the end of the string if it s not already
Get a random app id from a remote server.
Create a tablib. dataset. Dataset from a list of data rows.
Delete a zone
Returns a scatter property for the given entity.
Unregister a mimetype handler.
Logs out the user from the server.
Compute down the tree and return the result as a sqlalchemy. sql. LiteralQuery.
Check if a file name is empty or cancelled.
Enter a standby for the instances in the given auto scaling group. If the instance is
Return a list of IPv6 addresses for the given interface.
Get the stylesheet reference from the settings object.
Call the symbol with the given keyword arguments. If the symbol is not registered an exception is
Check the environment variables and print them if they are valid. If exitonfail is True
Return a list of MPTT results for the given command line.
Test for rfill of a string with a number of consecutive zeros.
Assert that all objects in a list are instances of a given class.
Return the current UID for the given pool.
Reloads the system from the server. This is useful when you want to reload the system
Strip the object transient prefix from a key.
Rename an existing file or copy it to a new location. If the old file is a
Broadcast multiple arrays and return the result as a list of numpy. ndarrays.
Start a new VM in the specified vmid. If the vmid is not specified the
Test volume source space.
Return the path to the ipset command
Render the template to a KML string and return it as a response object.
Add positives and negatives to the list of positives and negatives.
Install a package if it doesn t already exist. If update is set to True the package
Raises an exception with the given string as the error message.
Test that a scaled matrix has the same number of rows and columns as the scaled matrix.
Return the machine name of the machine running on this machine or None if the machine is not
A filter that replaces all non - printable characters with a single unicode string.
Test feature loaded from file sets scenario line and scenario filename.
Convert milliseconds since epoch to a log string. If no epoch is given the current time is
Divide f by g by k and return the polynomial q and r.
Return a hash of the contents of a file. If the file is a directory return the
Split a sequence into n chunks. If no length is given the length of the sequence is
Return a set of all the components of a function or derivative with a value of x.
Check if a pending registration should be approved.
Check if two poles are close.
Delete a topic rule.
Launch a software switch.
Test completion for default parameters.
Recursively copy files and directories from src to dst using the mergecopy function.
Escape a string for use in an XML document. This is done by replacing all of the
Build a page from the given rex and kwargs. If the rex does not match the target
Convert a bytestring to a sqlite string.
Print a string to the console. If the command is none print a string to the console
Execute a SQL statement in a concurrent fashion.
Verify a request using an OAuth consumer and an optional token. If the request is not valid
Load a model from a file. The model is a dictionary of word idict tparams
Return a list of variables that can be used in the HRM for the current user.
Ensure a role is absent
Returns True if the string is a channel.
Upload a template to a remote server and reload it if it exists. If it doesn t
Uplink Busy Packet
Replace all html characters with their corresponding XML escape sequences.
Return a query that only returns items that have a value in the given dictionary.
Create a sub - nav link with the given text and action. This function is deprecated.
Commit a list of files to a repository.
Validates that the given string is a valid type in the column of the given arch object.
Extract the items from the data and return them as a dict.
Split a URL into a path and a query string. If the URL contains no query string
Handle a namespace entry.
A context manager that runs a series of nested context managers. The context manager is used to
Convert mcycles to milliseconds.
Get the feed rate and flow rate from the settings file.
Test install from file index hash link.
Returns vim. vm. device. VirtualE1000e or vim. vm. device.
Run all tests.
Get the profile class from the user s settings.
Set the location list of the virtual machine.
Condense semicolons in a CSS string.
Return the HMAC - SHA256 digest of the given message using the given key.
Get a metadef by id. Raise an exception if the namespace is not found or if
Create a collate expression from the given expression with the given collation.
Search a string against a regular expression pattern and return the result as a string. If the
Check if a plugin is enabled
Convert a timedelta to a float.
Read an unsigned short from a file - like object.
Remove files and directories that match a glob pattern.
Return a regular expression to match the table of contents of an index.
Returns a tuple with the data and the length of the chunk as a tuple and a string
Partition a list of nodes into a list of nodes.
Return a list of placeholders that can be used to extend a template.
Test page links plugin show all pages in the database. This is useful when you want to
Remove an element from its parent and add it to the tail of the parent s text.
Check if the user is freshly logged in and if so refresh the login manager.
Checks if the given string is a valid IP address.
Parse a list of kinds and sizes and return a tuple of the sizes known and the total
Get a dictionary of the attributes of an object.
Move a file from one location to another. If the file does not exist it will be
Load a default font from a base64 encoded string.
Parse a string format string into a tuple of key - value pairs and the number of arguments
Return a key signed by a CA. If as text is True return the contents of the
Return a list of arguments to be passed to the crawling function.
test annotate text utf32 directly index into unicode
Get a geometry output by a given connection start and connection end.
Get the value of a hash field.
Make a local path from a string.
Print the search string in debug mode. This is useful if you want to print the search
Test that the script is imported with pip. commands. install as an instance of none.
Safely calculate the maximum absolute value for a given array of values.
Set up the platform.
Show the version of sopel and the current commit.
Convert a list of filenames to a filename. If the list is larger than the number of
Process a bitmap file and return a dictionary of the processed data.
Test the number of threading tasks. This test tests the number of threads and the number of
Recursively convert all string values in the given dictionary to transformed paths.
Check that obj is an instance of set binop.
Cast an object to another object. If target is a string it will be converted to a
Generate histograms from the given image with the given number of bins.
Check if the value is a valid password. If so return it. Otherwise return None.
Create a triple of type DES using the given key and IV.
Find the network with the given bridge name. If there are multiple networks with the given bridge
Draw a graph using the spectral layout. See the documentation for draw for details about the layout
Align unaligned sequences using the HMM algorithm.
Get the train and test datasets from the toy dataset library.
Prompt the user to select a value from a list of options. If no input is given
This is the default error handler. It is called when a connection is closed or an error
Get the position of a VLM instance.
Pretty - print a dictionary of parameters. The number of lines is the number of lines to
Skip the given function if it s not a LMS URL configuration. If it s a
Parse the given autopart rule and return a dict with the parsed arguments.
Return a dict of reverifications for a given list of statuses sorted by date.
Get the current site.
Get sys. path for a given virtual environment.
Enable the rate limit for the given configuration.
Convert a value to a numpy array of the same dtype as the input value.
Prompt the user for a password. The password will be randomly selected from the list of possible
Test exit on collection with maxfail bigger than n errors.
Return the crafted version of the given text in the given repository. If no repository
Test for negative distance.
Alter a retention policy.
Add a string to the output buffer.
Create a property from a dict or attribute store and an index. The store can be either
Get the content of a file from S3 and delete it from S3.
Get the type of a type string. If no type is found return the type string.
Return an environment dict for ansible integration.
Get the IP address of a sentinel master.
Get repository dependency types from a list of repository dependency tuples.
Returns an iterator over the given fields. If fields is a dict it will iterate over the
Remount the device.
Send a message to a room using the v2 API.
Skews an array of numbers.
Write the end of an XML section to the given output stream.
tupletarget prints the target of the turplet. This is useful for debugging
Remove the last num characters from the beginning and end of a string.
Create a package from a list of sources and add it to the given package.
Return a prettified version of the given order line.
Get a list of all groups in a project.
Returns True if string is an integer. If string is not a string returns False.
Show a list of all the hosts in the system.
Get the name of the bridge.
Return a tuple of the sort key and the value of the match.
Transform a value to a string. If the value is None return an empty string.
Returns True if the request provides CORS features. If the request does not provide CORS features False
Reraise an exception.
Get saved rules from a configuration file. If no configuration file is given all saved rules are
Create a new database in the current working directory.
Return the number of CPUs running in the current process.
Get the revision number of the given string.
Convert a version string into a tuple of integers.
Read a group of feed entries and return an HTML string. The mode parameter can be str
Initialize the viewer with the given dataset and rows and cols and return the viewer object.
Concatenate all the values of a list of models into a single string.
The main loop. This is the main loop for the event loop. It runs in a
Returns text colored according to the specified color. If no color is specified the text will be
Get the package name from a file path.
Join a string with the given separator and format string with the given arguments. If the separator
Add a model to the list of models that are currently syncing. If dependency check is
Get information about a given package in a given module.
Sort by namespace uri and local name.
Train an unrolls number of unrolls and return the cost and final value.
Resizes the viewport of the socket.
Check if a file or directory is lexographically on the file system.
Calculate the variables based on the flavor of the gyp. common. get_flavor
Returns a set of all files that match the given pattern. The pattern can be one of
Get the current metadata from a list of dicts.
Return a list of all the songs in the test list.
Return the value of the given annotation in the given node or default if no such annotation exists
Get the snapshot data from the specified repository. If no repository is specified the entire snapshot is
Return the next session number.
Write a string table to an XML file.
Raises an exception with the given args config and pos. If config is None the default
Dispatch a result to a user. If the user does not have a name it will be
Show a debug error message in the context.
Return True if any of the paths match any of the pytest ignore patterns.
Load a single glyph from a font.
Return the first and last day of a month.
Return a list of registered notification drivers.
1 - D P - inv operator.
Rounds n down to the nearest power of b and returns the result. If n is
Rotates a vector around a given axis and returns the result as a 2D array.
Return True if an upgrade is available for the given name.
Get the commit message for a given author and commit message.
Sends an e - mail to the user.
Decorator to allow a function to be publicly accessible. This is useful when you want to
Return a list of fields in the given resource that are in the given valid field types.
Calculate the rotation matrix between two points p and q and return the result as a numpy array
Test the get and set vector of a model. The vector is a random number between 0
Return a list of all enabled and disabled items.
Return the grains from the master
Prepare a value to be used in a lookup.
test read with normal columns and exclude from ascii. rst. read. exclude is a list
Convert an array of numbers to a string.
Return a list of agents for a given user name or contact name.
Detect executable paths from a list of source paths.
Set properties for an image.
Set the gl entries for a given account.
Get all messages from a report.
Quote a string for use with urllib. parse. quote and urllib. parse. quote_
Initialize the global variables for the os2 module. This is called when the module is loaded
Convert a datetime object to a date string.
Find the migration repository. If none is found the default repository is returned. If none is
Process a list of rules from a policy. match rule to a list of rules.
Injects the command into the arguments and environment. This is the main entry point for the
Convert a string into an IPv6 address.
Returns the size of the terminal in lines and width. If no file is given the current
Convert a dense batch to a sparse matrix.
Cache a file in the local filesystem. If the file doesn t exist it will be created
Returns the url to remove a tag from a question.
Inject OpenGL functions into OpenGL2 namespace.
Get a remote URL from a git repository.
Check if two rectangles collide with another rectangles hitmask1 and hitmask2
Extract the error message from a page.
Set the proxy to use. If no proxy is specified the default proxy will be used.
Check if the given name is ignored in the HASS configuration.
Get the title of a VLM instance.
Start logging to a file or file - like object. If file is a stdio object
Ping the server to see if it is still alive. Return True on success Return False on
Return a list of servers that should be bypassed on the specified network and service.
Parse onblog date string into W3DTF date object.
Generate a unique identifier for a new entry.
Get phylogenetic metric by name.
test warning config google home listen port and test if it was mocked.
Decode a base64 encoded string into a unicode object.
Generate a random salt.
Format a list of bytes and return a response with the number of bytes and the number of
Create a cipher from a key and optional AES - NI. If AES - NI
Add an XML representation of a list of vertexes to an XML file.
Split an iterable into n chunks.
Returns the environment variable for the given segment. If no variable is given the environment variable is
Get the current access key from the environment.
Get the current job from the stack.
Remove a directory and its contents if it is empty. If ignore metadata caches is set to
Check if votes are visible to the given user.
Return a list of scopes for a given service. If no service is given all scopes are
Return a list of indices of characters in a string that are inserted before num in extended.
Remove leading lines from a list of lines.
Check that the bower version is at least the given version. If not raise an error.
Get the name of an item.
Generate a random password of the given length.
Get crafted text from gcode.
Parse an XML file into a manifest object.
Convert a plaintext string to an HTML string. If container is set to True the text will
Acknowledges the current port. Returns the number of acknowledged ports or - 1 if
Format a number of bytes into a human readable string.
Add a qute settings handler to the qute scheme.
Concatenate two or more numpy arrays.
Initialize readline variables.
Resizes an image to the given sizes and returns the hash of the image.
Check if an action is required.
Submits a registration for a review to a node. The user must have permission to submit
Sends a decision email to the user.
Create a rebulk generator for finding languages.
Copy query options to the protocol buffer.
Calculate the angle and axis of a matrix.
Return the user s name in s3 format.
Split a string into a quoted string and the rest of the string.
Register a list of incoming packets with the SRP protocol.
Update dict to with values from dict from.
Create a new user in a given organization.
Load a list of images into a dictionary. The keys are the image name and the values
Generate a tab string for a given depth.
Create a new recurring job for a given job id start date and loop period and count.
Returns True if x is at the origin.
Update or create a new volume type extra specs for a given volume type.
Find all tests in a given test directory.
Add a time unit to a time value.
Initialize the logger with the given parameters. If no handler is given the default handler will be
Contrast all pairs in a matrix.
Get the root device name from a dictionary of properties.
Filter a time series according to the lfilter zi function.
Returns a JSON string of the tag vocab.
Test pick channels mixin.
Add an ownership element to the given XML element.
Get the left point of a list of complex numbers.
Initialize the database for the given app.
Returns a list of all VolumeTypes associated with a QoS Spec.
Convert a Timestamp object to a datetime object.
Get or set the cache id for a given service and resource name.
Install a new package in the current directory.
Set a logger class. This is a class decorator that can be used as a decorator.
Return the minimum index of a dataset.
Calculate the Fermat coefficient of a number n.
Get a soup from the given url. If backend is not specified it will try to get
Evaluate the diff of a multi - residue matrix g and return the result as a string.
Send a notification of a new language for a user in a subproject.
Compute the kernel between two data points.
Create a link to the given volume on the given backup path. If the backup already exists
Show a single job.
Get a zone by name and vpc id
Check if a potential file matches a list of matches. If so add it to matches.
Open a resource with the given name. If no stream is provided it will be opened with
Entry point for the xlsx2py script.
Create a pairtree marker if it doesn t already exist.
Return a list of nodes and edges that can be used to make a graph.
Create a new app with the given configuration. This is a factory function that creates a new
Temporarily silence stdout and stderr in a context manager.
Test constrains filter max norm.
Test the delimiter of a string.
Get a dict of readme files for a given app and tool.
Read a cron config file and return a dictionary of cronconfig. cronconfig. cronconfig
Returns a function that returns a list of gated milestones for the given user.
Create a certificate issuer identifier for the given vault and name.
Check if the user has the given permission for the given group or org.
test dae for pylearn2 - > pylearn2 - > pyle
Replace all escapes in text with their corresponding values.
Parse a rarefaction file name and return a tuple of base seqs per sam iters
Print information about a virtual machine.
Parse a range header into a list of tuples.
Get the file name and the name of the module.
Create a new version for a given addon and upload.
Return a list of all available modules. If desc is True return a dict with the module
Compute the compression rate of a file based on the size of the file in bytes.
Add a translation file to a plugin s translations folder.
Get the type of the result.
Validate a URL against a list of protocols.
Nopackages a list of packages.
Get a Numba type from a datashape. Measure object or string.
Display a bokehjs message.
Return a datetime object from a uuid string.
Create DHCP options.
Scan the reader for variables and return them as a list of tuples. The first tuple is
Convert an array to a contiguous array with the given dtype. If dtype is None the array
Returns the angle of the interior overhang of the given node in radians.
Lookup candidates for a list of paths in the task. paths. The list of candidates is
Remove the language from the page if it is a draft. If it is a draft mark
Get a parameter from the request if it exists. If it does not exist return the default
Initialize the state of the state machine and return the state of the state machine. The state
Add two dictionaries and return a new dictionary with the values in a and b.
Compute the inverse of the inverse of the inverse of the inverse of the inverse of the inverse
Generate a generator of model names and model instances.
Return the image type for a given VDA file.
Return a list of all the nodes on the cloud provider. If no provider is specified the
Check if a device exists.
Example of testing markers on the canvas.
Prompt the user for a password and return the input as a string.
Join a list with a delimiter. If combine is set to True the list will be combined
Return a list of all test cases in the given module.
Get all pci devices for a given instance.
Benchmarks the R6 test.
Generate a unique JID.
Remove a file or directory from the filesystem. If the file does not exist raise an exception
Returns the Qt application instance.
Add objects to the device memory dependency set.
Get the current version of the server.
Connect to the database using the given connection string. The connection string can be a command or
Get the documentation for the given command and options.
Get a random key that is sorted descending by the number of times it was last called.
Check if a file is a tty or not.
Convert an RGB array to a RGBA array with the same shape as the input array.
Return True if the given transaction id is a duplicate of the current transaction id.
Return a list of all checks on the agent. If no url is provided get the current
Helper function to create a new ide controller with the given label key and bus number.
Get a blob of an image. The image must have the same shape as the original image
Stop profiling.
Return a unicode object from p. If p is already a unicode object it will be returned
Return a datetime. date object from a string. If the string is not a valid date
Return the id of the longest id in a list of ids or None if there are no
A context manager that yields a value from the context manager. If the context manager raises an
Add sparse endpoints from a segment.
Simplify the given parser. If the parser is a tree return the tree. Otherwise return
Convert a version string into a tuple.
Change the user and group ownership of a file or directory.
Get the configuration of the managed cloud.
Return a list of problems describing the given help text.
Get a consumer for the current user.
Return the last commit offset from the given version string. If version string is none return the
Return True if the hostname is a valid hostname.
Get the current time for a given media player.
Get a simple version string from a version string.
Convert an ip4 address to a hex string.
Run a function in a WSGI environment. The function will be executed in the context of
Open a connection to the given host and port using the given trace level and stack trace.
Return the conjugate of num.
Cx - counter algorithm.
Lowess square function.
Split a host into its host and port. If no port is found None is returned.
Generate a template from the given node.
Read the end of a ZIP file. Return a dictionary with the end of the file.
python 3. 3. 3. 3. 4. 1 - > 3. 3.
Compute the mne location for a given coil location.
Get a list of locale directories for the current working directory. If include is set to True
Get the adapter name and IP address for a given mac address.
Redirect to the s3 index page.
Minify a javascript string.
Remove a security group from a server.
Helper function to generate a node item tool tip.
Render a template with the given name and return a response with a bad request status code.
Validate an XML file against an XML schema.
Test the description of a file and line in a given language.
Calculate the HCCM covariance matrix for the given results.
Send users emails.
Print basic information about the object.
Log a message at the given level.
Add or update the status of the user s profile.
Decode an asset id into a timestamp device id and uniquifier. If reverse is True the
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the virtual machine is running on this minion.
Sends a consumer email to the user if the consumer s status is str. If the consumer
Return a list of all certificates associated with a service
Escape a string for use in an SQL statement. If quote is True the string will be
Returns a function that sorts a dictionary in reverse order. If the dictionary does not exist a
Normalizes a float so that it is not too large to be a multiple of num.
Handle googl command.
Remove the compiled application and redirect to the application s home page.
Return the long description of the project.
Display a list of transactions for the logged - in user. If the user has permission to
Set or get the backup mode.
Get the current logger. If no logger is set create a new one and return it.
Return the url for the given view name.
Return the primitive field of the function f where f is the primitive field of the function f
Patch gevent module with str. If event is True it will patch gevent. event
Return True if the current operating system supports avx.
Yank the nth argument in the current buffer.
Unescape a string and return it as a string. The string must be a string.
Get a supported language from a language file path.
Get points around a set of paths around a given radius.
Clean up image files that are older than a certain number of seconds.
Get the supported language variant for the given language code. If strict is set to True the
Make sure that the testlist is a list. If it s a tuple it will be
consume a string and send it to the bot.
Create a testcase for allocating a size of a byte unit.
Run a script in the current working directory.
Send a string to the tumbolia server and return the answer.
Writes a list of message descriptors to the given output stream.
Unlink an identity from a user or device.
Change the permissions of a file or a directory.
Make a file readable by setting it s mode and irusr and iroth.
Validate a commit message.
Check if a distribution is in the usersite site.
Wait for a volume to change its type.
Make unicode compatible with Python 2. 0.
Return a vectorized version of m.
Convert a color string to a color string.
Returns a datetime. datetime object for the given value. If the value is not a datetime
Return the configuration of the given family.
Serialize an object to a JSON string.
Get all uuids for a given host.
Delete a document from the database. If the document does not exist it will be created.
Return a list of all apps on the server.
Get the RFX object for a given packet id.
Parse a list of strings into a list of syntrees.
Get the input hook for the Python interpreter.
Parse the response from the Jenkins API and return a tuple containing the result and properties of the
Calculate the image filename based on the announcements photo dir and the filename of the photo.
Detect if a given stream is a CSV file or not.
Add gradients to the summary.
Parse username password database and options into a tuple of credentials. If username is none return none
Log a notice message if the log level is notice or even more permissive.
Validate that value is an integer. If value is a string strip it. If value is
Write a string to the web. ctx. output if the string is not already in the
Get a dictionary of all available languages for the given site. If no site is given all
Convert a value to a javascript object.
Convert a string to a list of strings.
Read PCAP data from a file and return a list of PCAP data.
Drop any missing values from y and x. If x is none drop all missing values.
Return a list of types that match the given config.
Block a user s screen name.
Test the decision tree fit with hardness threshold and test the decision tree to see if the
List the virtual interfaces in the specified provider.
Save a buffer to the editor. Returns True if the buffer was successfully saved False otherwise.
Get a group type by its id.
Convert uidb36 to urlsafe base64 string.
Send daily ratings.
Enable a service on the local system.
Add a protoc plugin to the blade config.
Test that a table is grouped by a copy of the table.
Generate a plain breadth - first traversal of a graph g starting from a given source.
Return the default node name for the given hostname. If hostname is None return the current hostname
Make a kpost request to the given url with the given data and return the result as
Find a file or directory in the current working directory. If all is set to True then
Find an element by CSS selector and wait for the element to be present.
Returns a list of available languages.
Returns a response with the password reset message.
Try to find a line in the readline library. Return the line number or None if not
Generate a stream of objects from a given function. The function is expected to return a list
Test for a grid search.
Raises an AssertionError if first is not equal to second.
Create a shape from a path and a pen.
Concatenate a list of tensors along a given axis.
Set a font in the configuration file.
Get all faults for a given set of instance UUIDs.
Get a list of breadcrumbs for the given query and path. The path can be a string
Validate a bug tracker URL.
Run a subprocess and wait for it to finish.
Get the context for a custom field of a course view.
Rebuild the marshal from the marshal version and bytecode.
Get the index of the const variable in the exog. The index is the number of
Get an open file descriptor or a server from the given config. If no file is found
Merge a list of hosts and roles into a single list of hosts.
Require a single existing key.
Rounds a number to three decimal places.
Click an element on the page.
Get the xunit method for the given object and name. If there is no xunit
Read the configuration from the given path.
Prepare asides to be stored in the database.
Resume an instance.
Truncates HTML words to a certain length.
Return a dict of the procs in the grains dict. The keys are the procs the values
Return True if the argument is the same as the value of the rewrite function.
Check and fix the directory path in the given gcs uri. If the uri is not a
Show the form field as a tooltip.
Get the numpy dtype from a numpy dtype.
Update the incompatible versions of an addon if it is compatible with the current version of the addon
Get the gecos field from the given name.
Return a list of paths from a list of indexes.
Check if the logical line is not part of the filename or if it is part of the
Return a list of all files in a directory.
Get a driver by name. If the driver is not found raise error. If the driver
Return a string representation of the given function. If the given function is a class or class
A context manager to isolate a LRU cache from a context manager to a context manager.
Get the next available DHCP lease for a given VM.
Set attribute dictionary by argument names.
Get a list of indices of minibatches of size n. If shuffle is True
Test for tabs in the mne. path.
Load an object from a file path.
Expand the dimensions of an array.
Return True if a and b are all close to each other.
Convert a list of issues to a dictionary.
Return the current filesystem encoding. If the system has buggy filesystems and the system
Show a list of events in a beta signed activity log.
Return a list of all available serial numbers for the current machine.
Get the mac address of the given interface.
Multiplies this variable with the given RHS. If the RHS is already a variable
Old version of generate_datafile that prints out the data for the given number of items
Convert an element node to the output geometry.
Print a bar of the items in the iterable.
Reshapes a 2D array to a 2D array.
Hook to be called before the code is run. This hook is called before the code is
Test that the batch normalized mlp has a non - propagated learn scale propagated at alloc.
Embed an album into an art file. If maxwidth is not specified the album will be
Run a command in the context of the current command.
Randomly seed the random number generator with the given number of samples.
Get a single user by username. If the user doesn t exist a 404 is raised.
Replace HTML and illegal unicode characters in atom element with the new element.
Returns the mode bits of the given mode. The mode bits must be a power of 2
Sums the values of x by group. If use bincount is set to True then
Convert an element node to a geometry.
Handle a list of existing loggers with a list of child loggers. If a child logger is
Return a list of hardware infos for each client in the given list of clients.
Linear interpolation of the vector y with the vector a. Returns the result of the linear interpolation
Traverse through all the inputs of the given output and store the result in the d dictionary.
Checks that the command output does not contain any whitespace.
Map a list of requests to a list of responses. If an exception handler is provided the
Create a new flavor from a list of values.
Parse the command - line arguments and return the options and explicit file.
Returns the length of the longest common prefix of the string t. The length of the longest
Return the offset of the current command line.
Plot an arbitrary number of points on the current axis.
Parse the response body as XML and return it as a DOM tree.
Set up the logging system.
Returns True if n is a tuple ; otherwise returns False.
Patch the describe call to keep track of the current cluster.
Get the path to a resource in a virtual environment.
Return an object that can be used to create a new sentinel.
Remove a contributor from a document.
Add a slash to a request.
Return list of packages matching the given search criteria.
Render a DSON file into a Python dictionary.
Manage a project.
Write the craft text to a file. The craft text will be written to the
This is the main entry point for the tool shed command. This is the main entry
Transmit a message to the lane.
Trigger a restart of sabnzbd. If sabnzbd. downloader
Detect and extract text from multiple files using the given vision and text analyzer.
Check if a given requirement is available.
Update the language in the session if the request is a string. If the request is a
Add a demo camera to the platform and add devices to the platform s list of devices.
Validates that the value is a valid URL slug.
Test atomic download failure.
Create a set of padding parameters for the given value and threshold. The value is assumed to
Return a dictionary of all returners for a given job id.
Test the user s flags.
Test the Rosetta Rosetta algorithm.
Test if there are no targets.
Get current working directory.
Add a path to the in - fill list.
List all vrrp instances.
Return a list of all the release groups in the scene and anime.
Look for spaces spaces comments dqs sqs and content and return a list of tuples of the
Resolve all occurrences of an annotation in a task and return a list of all occurrences of the
Get a list of categories ordered by number.
Convert an IP address to binary format.
Check if a string is an IPv6 address.
Return a list of ports that match the given name. If the name is not a string
Get the full path to the makefile.
A binary operator that operates on a number in the expression t. This is used to
Poll for NIC counters and return them in a tuple. The first tuple contains the number
Return the root directory of the given path.
Enable a job on the Jenkins server. If the job doesn t exist it will be created
Create a new figure and return a figure manager.
Return the html - escaped version of the given text. If the text is already in the
Login to the server with the given username. If the server is trusted the user will be
Compute the sum of the data parts of a CUDA data array.
Merge two dictionaries and return a new dictionary with the values from the first dict that are present
Convert a timedelta to days.
Serialize a Python object to a JSON string. If the object cannot be serialized an error is
Create a templated plugin with the given identifier template name and kwargs.
Print the summarization of the firsts and others objects.
Return the basename of a file or directory. If the file is a directory it will be
Get a tenant by name.
Dump the contents of a file to the log. If head is None the contents of the
Calculate the gradient of a constant expression.
Return the partition of a value from a list of divisions.
Decode a base64 string into a bytes object.
Test for outdated editables.
Generate a number of addons and their categories.
Distributes keys to the local machine.
Return a list of paths to be manipulated.
Run on an appengine instance.
Read a file from the vault and return it as a dict.
Disable password authentication on the given sshd instance.
Load a bucket from the server. If the bucket does not exist raise a client error.
Create a test image with the given size spot count spot radius and cloud noise.
test iforest is the same as iforest is the same as iforest
List all users in a mongodb database.
Return the current working directory.
Get the crafted text for a given file name gcode and repository.
Watch a module and run it if it s a script or run it if it s a
Returns a pretty representation of a frame relation type.
Get a pipeline for downloading data from a file descriptor. If gpg is True the pipeline will
Write the given string to the given file. If no file is given the string will be
Get a server from a service group.
Query the database for a user s notes and return them as a list of dicts.
Return a list of the arguments of a function.
Print an error message to stderr.
Indent text from from row to row with count characters.
A generic error handler that returns a JSON response with the error message in the response body.
Get a list of circle intersections that have been stepped on.
Write the start of a block of a given kind.
Return a dictionary with the data for a given jid.
Restore the warnings state.
Replace an absolute URL with a relative one.
Get the color name for a given value.
Add a reference to a file and a path to a file and a path to a file
Return the current system runlevel. If the system is not running the default is returned.
Generate the indices of the features and samples that are bagging with the given bootstrap parameters.
Set an environment variable. If the value is a string it will be encoded as UTF -
Return an error object. If no arguments are provided the error object will be created with the
Return True if all elements in l are exactly n elements.
Calculate the butter - law for a given number of poles and a warped
Get a kernel from a file or URL.
Create wedge text from polar data.
Return a list of the netbsd routes for the current minion
Create a new file in the given parent directory with the contents of the given child directory.
Return a boolean indicating whether the user is a virtual machine or not. This is useful for
Test the extras after a wheel.
Compute the perceptron output.
PDF of the mean and standard deviation of a number of values.
Check the version of the curator server.
mocked get release by id
Test for floating point values in the input file.
Create a small undirected graph with a bull graph.
Test for a distributed server. If the server is not configured it will be used instead.
Decode a base64 string into a bytes object.
Sanitize a filename so that it can be used as a filename for a file upload.
Group a list of ranges into a single list of ranges.
Pretty print an object.
Get the absolute numbering for a given indexer id scene absolute number and scene season.
Initialize the zone interval table for a shape and a list of vertexes.
Sanitize a URL to ensure it doesn t contain invalid characters. Returns none if the URL
Process the graph and return the result as a list of strings.
Get the list of arguments from the docstring of the given object.
Computes the dirichlet logpdf of the vector x with the given alpha.
Generate a URL to a file of the given mimetype and base64 - encoded data.
Update a collection s summary with the given contributor id.
Create a parameter of the given size with the given value.
Check if the current event is safe.
Test rendering of mri without bem.
Return a pip install command for the given requirements file and constraints. If no file is specified
View a storage account s details for a given subscription id resource group account name and table.
Reset the current locale to the default locale.
Returns True if the unicode character is printable False otherwise.
Get the key of the current machine.
Test for accept custom exception text.
Returns True if the given segment matches the given section.
A test suite for testing statsd errors and warnings. The test suite is run in a
Split a sequence into chunks of a given size.
Return a string representation of the current thread s stack trace and locals.
Combine plays from multiple games into a single nflgame. seq. nflgame
Get a class from a string.
Get an attribute from a deferred type.
Return a tuple of the user and password for a given host.
A string filter that trims and trims URLs from the beginning and end of a string
Test for the distance between two arrays of coordinates.
Get all questions for a given complete.
If index is negative wrap it in a dimension of dim. If index is positive wrap it
The main entry point for the application. This is the main entry point for the application.
Check if a file does not end with one of a list of endings.
Get a key from the config file.
Return the absolute path of a directory or raise an error if the argument is not a directory
Enable the given service.
Find the management module for the given app name.
Check if user tags are present in the database. If not add them to the database.
Test the maximum length of a feature on a feature name.
Get a list of roles that have a given permission.
Get a list of users who likes the given object.
Return a set of all symbols in a solidity code.
Get the current locale. If category is lc then all locale is returned. If category is
Test the kde of an integer input.
Turn a URL into a string that can be used as an absolute URL. If the URL
Render the given template file and return the output as a file - like object.
Get a list of tiles for a given set of names in a given coordinate.
Get the favorite info for a given user and content object.
Get a file from a template and return it as an io object with the content and name
Setup the sauce client and the webdriver.
Return True if pathname points to a directory False otherwise.
Get the raw data from the pillar. If no key is given return the whole pillar.
Get the rights for the given collection. If the collection does not exist it returns none.
Find the root of a resource.
Get the output of a geometry derivation from the given XML element.
Return the inverse permutation of a permutation matrix.
Exponential moving average.
Clone a bs4 element.
Returns a new derivation of the given element.
Connect to a server and a client in a test mode.
Return a string representation of the journal in a human readable format.
Test the conversion of an RGB to HSL part 4.
Send a text to the player s player.
Set an indicator for a column in a board.
Remove an app.
Get the status of a task.
Replace any macro slashes in a string with their real values.
rc Set interactive mode to True for interactive mode.
Split a string into a list of strings.
Test the activation of a sparse model.
Register the lexer and cile driver with the given manager.
Normalize aws facts to be consistent with aws metadata. The aws metadata is a dictionary with the
Join two segment tables into a single segment table. Each segment table is a list of segments
A test function to test if a column is filled or excluded from a CSV file.
Write a buffer to a file descriptor in a thread - safe manner.
Test plot of the PSD and plot the topomap of the PSD and close the file
List the revisions of an organization.
Convert a list of numbers to a list of numbers with the mean of the numbered numbers
Get a list of files for a given season from a given NCBI file.
Convert a list of paths to native paths.
Load the status of all connections and channels from the database and store it in the cache.
Pickle the given data and return it as a string.
Returns a dict with the function s arguments as keys and the keyword arguments as values.
In - to - Out version of the in2out function. The in2out function
Get a mapping from block device name to block device information.
Merge other configuration into base. If other is a string it will be added to the aut
Clean up any joinable files in a list of names. This is done by removing the
Set audio format using libvlc. audio_set_format.
Convert descendant addresses to globs.
Return the server type of the document.
Generate a fingerprint for a set of samples using the mlab. specgram function.
Return True if x is an integer.
Convert an operator object into a linear operator object.
Returns a datetime object representing the current epoch.
Skips the given string from the beginning of the source code. The string is expected to
Suspends a connection.
Check if the image library is available.
Get the endpoint for the signed apps reviewer or reviewer.
Checks if a string is empty or not.
Filter a report by its id and field. If the user is not logged in or the
Accept connections forever and handle them.
Write the corrected mapping to the given file. The file must have the same format as the
Read a text file from a file - like object or file - like object.
Remove mistral conf options from mistral config file.
Show the version of the device.
Authenticates the user with the given credentials and logs the user in.
Return the current time in a coarse - grained manner.
Process a list of urls and return a list of tuples with the title and hostname of the
Create a new row of a CUDA array with the given name and type. If no
Ensure vpn forwarding for public and private IP addresses.
Register a jinja2 context function to build a media url from the given context. If the
Test float range.
Convert a number to a string and evaluate it.
Get the state of a given step in the given jobflow.
Returns the URL of a page given its slug. If the slug is not found None is
Return a list of all hardware events in the table specified by attrs and where. If attrs
Redirect the user to the create page. This is a shortcut to redirect to the create page
Check if the given command is in the given directory.
Save a string to a NCBI file.
Dissassociates a fixed IP from a host at a given time.
Main entry point for the galhtml converter.
Get an item from the database. If the item does not exist it will return None.
Generate a new signature for a given key pair.
Return the foreground and background colors for the given name.
Return True if the response contains a vary header with the given query. If the response does
Get the full path to a template file.
Function to calculate the data for a given time series.
Set the SSL certificate key for a given site.
Temporarily switch to a temporary locale.
Return an iterator over the given types. If no node is given an empty iterator is returned
Test if pokemon s icon is the same as the pokemon s icon.
Calculate the APK score for the actual and predicted values. The actual values are assumed to
Return a list of all sockfiles found in the search dirs and the default sockfiles.
Load a YAML config file with the given string as the contents of the given file.
Return a string representation of the given IP version.
Run a command and install it if it fails. If it fails raise an exception.
Flattens a response into a single string with UTF - 8 encoded strings.
Flushes all data in the database to disk. This is a blocking call. This is
Check if a string is a valid render pipe string. If it is return a list of
Split a sentence into its stemmed words.
Return a table with the header for a record.
Get the full path to the Python installation.
Revert a multivariate polynomial to the original state.
Run the Cifar10 tower on the images and labels.
Returns a list of files in a given path. If path is a directory it will return
Proxy connect to the Mysite website.
Return a table of divs for the given form with the given form and fields.
Force a string to be unicode. If the string is already unicode it will be converted to
Ensure that a PR is present in the git config and that it is present in the ed
Convert an object to an instance of a string type.
Run a bokeh installer in the given environment with the given name and install string.
Compute the SVD of a matrix using the Zeran - Schmidt algorithm
Make a 2D grid from a list of arrays. The first array is assumed to be
Add two logarithmic numbers to a logarithmic number.
Return a double - quoted string for use in a URL.
Parse a comment string into a list of tuples. The first tuple is the comment and the
Parse a list of rules and return True if all rules are true or all rules are false
Returns a resource name with the given package and name. If the given package is not the
Create a new document in Elasticsearch.
Generate a unique slug for a given value and queryset. If the value is already slugified
Remove all permissions for a document type.
Get the output extension from the spec.
Create a tracking context for a given user.
test patch on invalid dir
Check if a file is an archive.
Test that the pip version is the same as the source directory.
Checks if words are all capitalized and have differential number of words.
Load all modules in the given package. If ignore is True the module will be ignored.
Return True if the user may certify for a course.
Activate the given environment from the given path. The path is assumed to be relative to the
Update an existing user.
Update dest with upd. dest must be a mapping object and upd must be a mapping object
Prepare a create instance request to be sent to the server.
Generate a directive string from a module name and a list of options. If no package is
Get the current file name.
Get a list of units from a string or a list of units. If a string is
Run func on x and y in parallel. If y is none then x is used.
Shifts a by b and returns the result.
test matplotlib preserve font size
Return True if the string s is a multiline string.
Run a test with a test cv. The test is run in a background thread and the
Display a studio prompt with an action. The action will be triggered when the user clicks
Convert a number of bytes into a human - readable string.
Returns a callable that can be used to format a currency value in the current locale.
Test classification report imbalanced multiclass with long string label.
Remove the build directory and all of its dependencies from the build directory and the release directory.
Assert that tps is not empty and have the same number of elements. Raise str if
Construct the doc2author mapping from the corpus and the author2doc dictionary.
Delete a resource.
Run psea and return the output as a string. This is the same as p
Return the index of the given host in the database for the given mac ip and hostname.
Generate a sparse encoder with the given theta hidden size visible size and data.
Make a request to the Salt API that does not exist on the Salt server. This is
Download and install from scratch. If sudo is True then run as root otherwise run as root
Raises an AssertionError if first is not second.
Test evaluation report.
Test for regression 4033 separation of earth at a given location on a given earth.
return True if k is irreducible otherwise return False.
Get the timeout for a given time range and precision. If split is True the timeout will
Fix up ff4 string.
Benchmarks a random sequence of numbers.
Get the current sim state of the telephony system.
Encode a string into a unicode string with sys. encoding. If the string is already unicode
Get the initial values of the form.
Submit a checkout form to the user. If the form is valid redirect to the user s
Escape a string so that it can be used as a variable name in a template.
Create a set of index types based on the given evaluator and the given index.
Process the version of the device from the show command.
Check if the number of channels has changed. If so call the function with the new number
Wait for a given job to complete.
Create a new user and register it in the database.
Connect to the cloud loadbalancers endpoint.
A benchmark to expand a 32 bit array into a 32 bit array of 32 bit integers.
Return the file descriptor of the given file object. If the given object is an integer it
Apply the constraints to the block vector v. The constraint is applied to the block vector v
Send a request to a url with the given parameters. The parameters are passed in as a
Get a hosting service by name. If the service is not found None will be returned.
Swaps the hostname of a URL with a new address.
Parse ethtool options for a given interface.
Get a dictionary of proxies from the environment.
Temporarily restore the current working directory to the original working directory after the context is complete
Return the logging level for a given runlevel. If runlevel is None return logging.
Setup the platform with the given configuration. If no configuration is provided the default configuration is used
Read a SAM record from a file handle and return it as a CIM record object.
Determine the server to use based on the distrib function. If the distrib function is
Verify that the uploaded file matches the hash of the submitted file.
Get the kind of a key.
Return the maximum value of a sequence of numbers.
Return a tuple with the number of trailing blank lines and a string indicating the end of the
Initialize the database. This function is called when the database has been initialized.
Test that the template is a plain page and that it is in the HTML page.
Perform a backtracking of the quadrature a. g. x and a. g.
Get exception for uncaught api errors.
Get a list of all the videos in a course sorted by creation date.
Set the name of the current statement to the name of the current statement in the grammar.
A string filter that returns a javascript object that can be used to escape the value of a
Check if all the tasks are alive and if so print the status of the running tasks.
Parse the results of a Mach - O query into a list of files and extensions.
Return a single selection of the model.
Calculate the reference matrix between two vectors.
Setup the stubs for the appengine.
Get all variables in a given scope.
Indents the given line if the given indentation level is greater than or equal to the given
Convert an etree. tostring to a string.
Remove all filenames from a descriptor and all its children.
Test that lettuce does not have a feature name.
Create a connection to the SQS API.
Get a list of all mfa devices for a given user.
Get a list of all documents for a given language. If no tag is given all documents
Returns the SHA - 512 hash of the given string.
Update the top 10 and top 25 contributors.
Return a - b where a is a parameter of b and b is a parameter of b
Return a list of files that are not in the exclude list.
Skew symmetric cross product.
Write conditional formatting rules to the worksheet.
Change the workphone number of a Gecos device.
Return a dict with the head node from a list of fixer objects.
A context manager that ensures that a boolean is set in the context of a context manager.
Redirect to the default page if the HRM mode is not none.
Create a new column with the given name and type.
Check if the given key is encrypted or not.
Convert a number to a word in the form of a 1 - 9 - bit number.
The ember app for the current request. If no path is given the current path is
Validate the LMS configuration.
Unregisters a hosting service from the registry.
Decorator to specify whether the user is not required to log in.
This is the main entry point for the application. It returns an iterator over the lines of
Get a syllabus section from a course.
Returns a list of the names of the object s directory whose name ends with match.
Get the character width of a string.
Destroy a droplet
Download and link to a VCS file.
convert sina xml to url list
Create a new environment with the given options.
Entry point for the clc command line tool. This is the entry point for clc
Perform a linear regression on a dataset.
Calculate the center of a 2D array.
Test the output of a feature with colorless output.
Build a graph from the given cursor. The graph is sorted by the number of nodes in
Build ad group criterion operations.
A test function to check the data stream status.
Check if x and y are equal numpy arrays or random states.
Find the first drum group device that can be drumpads or chains.
Return the base name of the given device.
Prepare the environment for the given subject subjects dir mri and bem.
Reduce the precision of an SVG element by summing the number of characters in the length attribute
Render a cart purchase form in HTML.
Returns a list of command strings for the given subcommand. If the subcommand is install or refresh
Edit an existing account.
Return the id of an object or the object itself if it s a string or int.
Generate a list of extractors from all classes.
Find a renderer for the given object.
Convert a file - like object to a file - descriptor number.
Calculate the elliptical logarithm of a matrix.
Create a default app action with the given parent and function. The default app will be opened
Handler for cherrypy. engine. namespace.
Dispatch the expression to pre - compute the data if the memory is not enough to accommod
Print a message to the console if it is not in the request or if it is in
Parse a line of text into a key and value tuple.
Eager loads all records from the database.
Return the number of seconds since the given timestamp.
Parse the given HTML string and return a list of HTML elements.
Return True if the string is a virtual machine or False if it is a virtual machine.
Sanity code smells for the given command and args.
Set the creation order of an instance.
Prepare a numpy array for filtering.
Send a WOL message to the given mac address and return True if the message was sent
Perform a generic factor operation on expr using the given gens and args and the given method
Kegg conversion function. Accepts a list of strings or a list of strings to convert.
Return a redis instance.
Get a list of all regions for the current account.
Full max over all broadcastable columns.
Get a list of files in a merged store.
Get resource limits from the remote server.
Normalize env var references in a string so that it can be used as an environment variable.
Check if data sharing consent is required for the current user. If not return none.
Initialize a new multiprocessing process.
test django admin media serving forced by setting str in the current directory lib directory old pythonpath
Set the dirty flag for the current thread. If the current thread is not in the dirty
Return the identity of an argument.
Revalidate the edges of a node and add it to the heap.
Returns the decimal symbol for the given locale. If no locale is given the default locale is
Checks that the given property value is within the given maximum length. If the property value is
Fold the arguments of a pysig object into a tuple of positional and optional parameters.
Mark a function as skipped in doctests.
Get a writer for the given extension.
Test for an invalid unary operator.
Test for equality of two sets.
Unwrap a unittest. test. TestCase or unittest. test. TestCase
Bootstrap a ubuntu container
Check if path points to a file or a directory.
View a file in the app s help directory. If the file is a directory it will
Create a temporary directory and return it as a dict.
Evaluate the given filters against the given document and return True if the filters evaluate to true.
Perform a related search on a vitem. The vitem must have a title and a
Reserve a vlan id for use in a v2 network and return it.
Send a notification to the user that a translation has been changed.
Get all the fields of a table from the database.
Determine if we are running in a GnuPG virtual environment. If we are running in
Test precision recall and f1.
Eratosthenes of the Fisher - Yates Fisher - Yates
Clean up the random number generator. This function should be called when the random number generator is
Get a list of all connections of a given kind.
Generate a schedule URL for the given year and type and week. If stype is str then
Generate a key from a list of strings.
Return True if keywordexpr matches colitem. keywordexpr.
Get the current version of gfirefly. If no version is provided the current version is
Test plot of sparse source estimates.
Register a listener to be notified when a new event is received.
Execute the systemctl command and reload the context. Returns True if the command was successfully executed
Get the output geometry for the given derivation. If no derivation is given a polygon
Consensus of a list of trees. This is the consensus of a list of trees.
Create a gaussian wave function.
Extrude a file or list of files. If filename is a list of file names the
Return the DCC text for the given data.
Test roberts diagonal 2.
Rearrange a DataFrame by a column. If compute is set to True the data will
Azure login view.
Test for unicode paths in the current working directory. This is useful when you want to use
Redirect to the next URL or the given endpoint if no next URL is given.
Test the inequality of the Jacobian of u. jy.
Send a notification to the user.
Get the current schema version.
Rejects a suggestion in a thread. If the suggestion is handled it will raise an exception
Check if two blocks are equivalent.
Run a correlation test on the given data generator using the given test function. The test function
Wrapper for talib. cdlonneck
Return a set of types that can be passed to a function.
Generate a bank from a string and indent it with a number of spaces between the parts.
Return a list of all the jobs in the job directory filtered by the filter parameter. If
Build a WSGI request from the given URI.
Check if the given name exists in the checks list. If it doesn t exist return False
Parse a line of text into a key and a dictionary of parameter names and values.
Format a dictionary of options and values into a string. If script is set to True the
Check if a user has access to the given permission on the given project.
test replace update column via setitem warnings
Return a string representation of a dimension and a hierarchy.
Convert a 256 - bit palette to a 256 - bit palette and return the resulting image.
Get collection summary by id.
Compute the clustering matrix for the given data using the given distance function and linkage function.
Test that no non - existent options are listed in the output of the pip command.
Test the doctest module with the FCrypt - based algorithm.
Test whether a string is a boolean and not a boolean.
Preserve whitespace in a string. If quote is set to True the string will be quoted
Given a list of iterables return a list of lists where each element is a list of lists
Build a pr api url from a web url.
Download all files from S3 to the data directory. If progress is set to True the
Get the width of a tile given a coordinate and a projection.
Get the body of a VRF command from a VRF response.
Remove a directory and all of it s sub - directories. If the directory does not exist
Format the time difference between start and end.
Return the line number of the first occurrence of num in strg at loc.
Import a class from a given module path.
Return a tuple of bool bool or str depending on whether the system is virtual or not.
Read a pair of bytes from a file - like object and return it as a tuple.
Migrate the labels of the objects in the given root to the given type. If a label
Set the logger class. If the logger class is different from the current one raise a type
Update the version number in the given file with the new version number.
Rewrites a file by applying the transform function to each line of the file.
Return a new lineation for the given element and node.
Generate java test.
Get the SOFT filter function.
Encode a binary string into a hexidecimal string.
Load a movie from a file. The file can be a string or a file - like
Return a list of URL patterns for the given prefix and arguments.
Returns the index of the key in the enum or None if the key is not in the
Convert an array - like object to a NumPy array - like object.
Return the current health of the promo server in seconds. If no promo server is
Return the size of an array of the given ndim.
This is the main entry point for the data feed. It is the main entry point for
Check if a new version of pypi is available.
Return True if num elements in seq are the same as the value in seq False otherwise.
Returns True if the user is a staff or superuser and has the given tag namespace.
Run a shell command in the current working directory.
Get the last change date of the account policy.
Return the thousand separator of a number without any thousand separator.
Check if the current version of Azure is greater than or equal to the required version.
Print out information about all plugins and commands in the current address space. This is useful for
Get a mmap. mmap object from an array.
Create a runner that loads a module from the given directory. This is the main entry point
Parse a MIME type string into its components and its parameters.
Remove all files in a filesystem backend. This is done by deleting all the files in the
Apply a received command to the device s state and update the device s state accordingly.
Test the event collection and check the orientation of the event. The event collection will be plot
Return True if the salt string is a virtual machine or False if it is a virtual machine
Convert a release complete packet to a net packet.
Check to see if a policy with the given name exists.
Parse file paths from a page.
Test the read configuration file.
Upload a file to a Google Cloud Storage bucket.
Set the owner permissions for the given resource.
Set the log format for the WMI server.
Grant access to a shared folder to a list of users or to a list of users.
Check if a label is discoverable by importing it and checking if it is a directory.
Shuts down the thread pool and waits for the thread to exit. If the thread is
Make an HTTP request to the given URL with the given parameters. If the method is not
Get the total number of CPUs available on the system.
Add a notification driver to the list of available drivers. If driver is a string it will
Return a relative path from start to path. start can be a string or an absolute path
Setup the databases and mirrored connections. Returns a list of tuples of connections and the
Render a CSV file for a facility in a given time range. The data is stored in
Initialize the dataflash logger.
Start a fake server for the given service name. If the service doesn t exist it will
Use the AIO framework.
Find a substring in a string using a regular expression pattern1 and pattern2. If pattern
Format a list of records into a human - readable string.
Extract events from a keen event collection.
Ceil the eigenvalue of mat to the nearest eigenvalue. If no target is
Update an installed Cygwin library with the given string. If cygwin is not
Test for column conversion errors.
Return True if the system is a virtual system. Otherwise return False.
Append a string to the end of a string if it does not already end with a string
Get the size of the current file. If position to eof is True seek to the end
Create a default SSL context.
Delete one or more files from the blobstore.
Link the module to the state and return the module object. The module object is returned.
Validate a new user name.
Get the base type of the field.
Set the value of an attribute on an instance. If the value is the same as the
Return the name of the image to use for the given server. If no image is available
Deploy an app to a git repository.
Split a list of strings into columns of a maximum number of rows. If row is True
Returns a list of urls to use for the geoserver.
Return the current version of the ipset system.
Format a datetime. datetime object to a string.
Validate an email address.
Handler for the API call.
Check if a VLAN exists.
Get a clean copy of the current environment.
Stop the touch event loop and close the event loop.
Replace all occurrences of pattern in value with replacement.
test replay load template name
Test the client with a mock. This is a test for testing the client with a mock
Return a string representation of a project status value.
Check if the given bucket name is a valid DNS name.
Initialize a random cycle of colors.
Final layer of the SGD model.
Download a file from a URL.
Return the HTML code for a word with a body and a HTML header for the word.
Parse a directive into a tuple of the directive name and a list of arguments.
Clean the locks from the XML file and return a dictionary of the locks and the number of
Call a function in a thread - safe way using a connection pool. The connection will be
Get a vector3 by a list of floats. If the list does not contain the numbers
Test a number of points with a given bucket size and radius. Return True if the points
Return a git line from a list of strings.
Format a number as a floating point number.
Counts the number of elements in an iterable and adds them to the given mapping.
Run a command on all nodes in the cluster.
Get a list of lines from a text string.
Check if a point is added on a path intersecting with a given point.
Count the number of records that match the query. The query must be in the form of
Import a dataset from a CSV file or file - like object stream. If headers is True
Iterate over gpi11 data in a GPI - 11 file.
Get a list of all possible name fields for a given model.
Greedily partition a counts dictionary into buckets and levels.
List available devices.
Search for labels in a string.
Create a parameter element and add it to the XML parent element.
Get the vcpu pin set.
View for editing a snippet. If the user is not logged in it will be logged in
Claim a worker for a given claimer id. Return True on success Return False on
Convert a version string to a list of integers.
Find a device in the given hardware devices and raise an exception if it is not found.
Return a set of all installed apps.
Return a copy of the series with all values removed that are not null.
Return True if the scheduler is enabled.
Show the interfaces on the system.
Return information about the server.
Check if a file exists.
Plot a legend on the given axis with the given colors bads and outlines.
Set integer setting value from string.
Load a git repository into the given client. If no path is given the current working directory
Print the current alias.
Create a failure object from a JSON - encoded failure dict.
Calculate the checksum of an IPv4 or IPv6 address.
Make a memoryview of a given size.
Generate a test program.
Simplify a variable coefficient function. This function is used to simplify the equation of the equation
Calculate the lease time for a host. This is the time since the last DHCP request
Reset a git repository to a new location in the given dest directory.
Contrastive loss between true and pred.
Get the saucelabs username and key from the settings. py file.
Initialize the directory structure for the database. This function will create the necessary directories if they don
Get the href from the response.
Check if filename matches any of the given regexs. Returns the first match the second match
Returns a URL with the given prefix replaced by a regular expression.
Handle a variable. If the value is a filter expression or a variable it will be resolved
Return an organization object from an organization info dict. If ava is none return none.
Enable or disable remote login
Check a password against a username. Returns True if the password is valid False otherwise.
Return a list of all unused lun ids.
Compress an input file with yui using the given executable. If no executable is given the
Search for a WOEID by a query string.
A context manager to create a model from a secret field.
Replace the number in the expression p with the number in the expression p. The number is
Copy a template to a new location.
Validate that the given field is present in the given arch.
Called when the future is completed. If the future has an exception it will be logged.
Return a set of keyword arguments for this class. If set is none return a set of
The start of the DTMF packet. This is the first packet in the packet list.
Return the fitness of a genome.
Get the current registry. This is the default registry that is used by all the plugins.
Bv evolution using a transform function. This is the inverse of the logarithm of
Preload a list of modules into the current script.
Translate a formula into a string. The formula can be in the form x1 y1
A fixture that enables logging for the test suite. This is useful when you want to use
Checks if a course is small or not.
Show a group package.
Initialize Cuckoo modules. If machinery is True the Cuckoo machin
Dump the schema of the DSE to a file in the server s directory.
Fileify a version of a project.
Get the RSA public key for n and e.
Convert a list of strings to a numpy array.
Set the value of an option. If the option does not exist it will be created.
Shortcut for redirecting to the s3 index page. This is useful when you want to
Get subplotspec from a list of axes and gridspec. If gridspec is not specified
Attach EPICS to a queryset.
Execute zfs command with arguments and log the output to the given logger. If the command
Encode an integer into a sequence of bytes.
Make a boolean from a string.
Get the name of the given principal. The principal can be a string or a sid.
The main entry point for the test suite. This is the entry point for the test suite
Return a description of the endpoint with the given arguments and keyword arguments sorted by their priority.
import secedit config
Set attributes on a SQS queue.
Get the date for a given ccx.
Get a list of all fundamentals.
Delete a virtual server
Render a field with a label.
Shuffle an array and return a new array with the same shape as the input array.
A generator that dels a string and then dels it with the length of str.
Clear the cache from disk. This is a no - op if the cache is empty.
Apply a locale change to the environment.
Split null strings into a list of strings.
Execute a shell command and return the output as a string.
Get a tree of all executed files in the base directory that are not in the exclude list
Check that argument is a positive integer. Raises error if argument is not an integer.
Get the bytes from the input stream and convert it to a string and send it to the
Run jsonreport on the given feature name.
Get the metrics from the buddyinfo file. If the cache has not been reached return
Mako loop.
Build the expected frequency matrix for the given exp frequency table and return it as a dictionary.
Resolve toctree.
Return the directory where the project data is stored. If project is not specified the current project
Return True if there are enough panes to show for the given shop.
Raise an error with the given name and message. If no name is given the error is
Computes the Hamard product of the given matrices.
Wait for a write on the given file descriptor to complete. Returns True if the write was
Update a comment in a course.
Generate response headers.
Convert an IPv6 address to an IPv4 or IPv6 address with rsync support.
Prepare a list of nodes from an XML document.
Start a virtual machine on the virtual machine specified by ctid or name. If ctid
Lookup a virtual machine by name and label.
Find the root directory of the Tk interpreter and return it as a tuple.
Setup the platform with the given config and add the given devices to the Hass object.
Parse a row of data into a list of tuples. The first tuple is the value of
Return a tuple of the number of free and total bytes in the given folder.
Return True if the bracket should be excluded from the language list. If the bracket should be
Check if input is a lowercase string and if it is pull it from the pull queue.
Add a row to a row of a table.
Convert a single element to a bson. bson. BSONValue.
Test for writing comments in a string.
Convert an error message to an image error message.
Add an abstract admonition to a class.
Make a directory or raise an error if it fails to do so. If strict is True
Get the precision of an XML element. This is the precision of the element as a float
Remove empty lines from text and return it as a string.
Delete the named service from the system. Returns True if the service was deleted False otherwise.
Update a channel in the database.
Decode a dense image into a numpy array. The input is assumed to be in the same
Get the value of a key in the current app s config. If the key is not
Get a list of namespaces from the given API server.
Analyzes a file given its name and gcode. If a repository is specified it
Check that the given key is a valid reference. If require id or name is set check
Create a sub template containing links to the given parent element.
Create or update a policy for a given user.
Return a string to be used in the ipyfunc2 function. This function is used
Get the crafted text of a file. If the file does not exist it will
Get the module name from a file name.
Get the documented in lines of a module or file.
Test the user columns of the command line.
Check if a loop is intersecting inside a line segment.
Get the current platform.
Detach a device from a zpool
Set a channel s group to a given group number.
Add builddir to sys. path.
Create a new container in the specified storage instance.
Test determinism hatches.
Return a list of permissions for a given vhost.
Return a random slice of the given queryset.
Create a new channel with the given type writer and reader.
Display an error message in a modal window. If no parent is provided the message will be
Check if a command exists in the path. If it doesn t it will log a warning
List all available plugins for the given ifaces. If config. init is set it will
Setup the platform and add the devices to the list of devices to be advertised.
remux an audio file to the mux app. title is the title of the audio file
Sanitize a JSON error dictionary to make it easier to use as a JSON string.
Convert a glob pattern to a regular expression.
List members of a team.
Install a module with the given name with the given parameters and options. If the module is
Delete a contact field.
Remove the version number from the given href.
Unpacks a string into a dictionary and returns it. If the string is not a dictionary
Compare two images and save the result to a file in the same directory as the baseline.
Generate a linear recurrence of n times.
Test the CSP pipeline for sklearn svm.
Return True if a is close to b with relative tolerance rel tol and absolute tolerance abs tol
Get a list of items from a pocsuite file.
Update the supported locales for a list of applications.
Get list of cap alert addresses.
Close the window and destroy it if it exists.
Interpolate a string into a cache slug.
A parametrization test that checks the repr of the object. This is useful for testing
Get the file name from a file path. If the file does not exist return none.
Return a list of receivables for a given liability. If the user has permission
Return a generator that yields the number of imports in the given logical line. If the logical
Return a versioneer config object.
Pause a given service or list of service names. If no service is specified all containers will
Run scavenge on a list of files and return a report of the results.
Determine the image type based on the disk format in the image meta data.
Get the relationship of a resource.
Return a link to the object s absolute url and the static url.
Get the output filename for a given dataset and split.
Insert a new record into the database.
Shortcut for redirecting to the S3 index page. This is useful when you want to
Run the loop. This is the main function that is run in a separate thread. It
Adds a repeat command to the tracklist.
Return a relative path from a to a relative path to a relative path from a to reference
Calculate the distance between two points.
Delete all app tars in a given directory.
Update the translation catalogs in the translation. po file with the new translation. po file.
Extract the sign intpart fraction and expo from a string.
Refresh the database from the brew server. If the brew server is not running it
Calculate the precession matrix for a given epoch and another epoch.
Evaluate a polynomial with a given number of breaks and a new array of values.
Close the pipeline and wait for it to be closed.
Get the name of the stored primary server. If no stored primary server is found None is
Make a PUT request to the given URL with the given data and return the response as a
Create a course grader from a list of subsections.
Install Yum in the current user s home directory. Use this to install Yum in
Log an exception with the given message and arguments.
This function is called when the Marathon configuration has been loaded. This function is called
Set a custom icon on a file. If the file does not exist it will be created
Redirect the webengine data to the given directory.
Split a string into a list of strings.
Get the status of the group.
Fetch all entities from the datastore.
Get a list of test hooks from a list of test files.
Lookup the config for a given hostname.
Return a sequence of snippets from a given snippet name starting at offset and ending at count.
Check if a is a numeric array and b is a string like array or scalar string like
Get the order arguments from the request. The order is a list of tuples where the key
Set up the backups for the benchmark.
Create a new admin user with the given username and password.
Test that step is a string with tasty beverages.
Iterate over the items of a multi - value mapping.
Test if CX oracle is installed.
Setup the dispatcher and dispatch the task to the callback.
Return a database object. If uri is not specified it will return all tables in the database
Set the title of a media player.
Remove a person from the site s people list.
Check if an argument is within the bounds of a certain type.
Decode a dictionary from a byte stream.
Parse the output of OpenSSH into a list of dicts.
Create a digest for the given file in the given project.
Return a string representation of a dictionary of attributes sorted by key.
The learner profile view.
Escalate all questions that have not been sent to the escalate server.
Handle a group request. If the query is a string it will be converted to a URL
A hug. request middleware that handles the incoming request and returns the response.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the thread should be rushed on or off.
Deserializes a JSON string or stream into a generator of Python objects.
Test that x is 2d.
Get a list of all volume types in a group.
Calculates the fitness of the given genome.
Open a cover for an entity.
Reset the API key to a random value and redirect the user to the profile page.
Register a language manager with the given Mgr instance.
Displays a gallery of images or videos for a given media type. If no media type is
Bak of the FDrcorrection of a p - value array.
Return the path to the gpg executable.
Get the fort details for the given fort id at the given latitude and longitude.
Get crafted text from text.
Dailymotion download.
Check if a string contains surrogates.
Format the output of a coredump command into a dictionary.
Add a local file to sabnzbd.
Get the system release and version from the syscmd command.
test sph to cart
Extract the main and sub type from a MIME type string. If the mime type is not
Return a dict of proxies for the given URL. If the URL should bypass proxies it will
Send a message to the twilio server and return a list of the messages to be sent
Check if a user has access to a given course key.
Run a pip script in a given virtualenv in a given working directory.
Disable a Haroxy server.
Send a command to get the mac address of an interface on the host.
Show the changes of the migrations in the given list of apps.
Create a site link feed item from the given feed items.
Return the OS release attribute.
Remove the destination directory if it exists. If the directory does not exist nothing is done.
Check if the given color is the foreground or light.
Get the Yubico user information for a given username. If the username is not found
Set or unset the keys for a monitor type.
Returns the index of the eog channel. ch can be a string or a list of
Read evokes from the file and return them as a list of numpy. ndarrays
Check if the addon is a multi package or not. If so update the file object.
Deserialize a usage key string into a usage key object and replace the given key with the given
Return a dictionary of queries for all registered plugins.
Remove a user from a group.
Set the value of a key in a section. If the key already exists it will be
Set the script prefix.
Create a version on the target.
Return a list of all configuration options.
Generate a list of project names from the configuration file - like object fp - file - like
Update a set of resources from a dictionary.
Test writing to a fixed - width file with a fixed - width writer.
Return a list of nodes in the graph that are identity nodes.
Create a new state with the given object as the top - level object and the given key
Check if a package has been removed from the specified directory.
Suspends the session or system proxy if it is available. If it is not available
get block count url string from set of block types and return it as a string.
Return the logarithm of the factorial of x.
Try to guess the scheme of a URL.
Return True if the lookup needs to be distinct or False if it needs to be ignored.
Reap all child processes. If recursive is set to True the children will be reap
Return a list of packages that match the given names. If any of the names do not
Send a message to a group.
Test unit division by string.
Draw a twiny plot on a matplotlib Axes object. If no ax is given the
Wrap a function so that it can be run in a background window. This is useful for
Upload a file to the server.
Return the last element in a list.
Make a sample of data from the Frappe database. This is the main entry point
Unlock an account
Vote for a thread.
Import a document into the database. If the document already exists in the database it will be
Return True if the packet is okay False otherwise.
Launch an application from the given appfile.
Hash a plaintext password using the SHA - 256 algorithm. The plaintext password is assumed to be
Populate the project info dictionary with the values from the attributes dictionary.
Generate an access token for a given action.
Return the output of a VTK object.
Cache the children of a queryset.
Get the logo of a video.
Return a list of requests scheduled to be processed by the consumer.
Random permutation test. Tests for significant permutations. Tests for negative permutations. Tests
Activate a user account. If the user is already logged in it will be re - activated
Parse a rule string or list of rules.
Create a new linux distribution with the given name version id and supported distributions.
Test whether a string is idempotent. This is done by comparing the clean and linkify functions
Return the R^2 squared error of x and y.
Search for a config file in the given path.
Returns a non - prefixed version of django. contrib. urlresolvers. django. url
Delete a virtual interface.
Build a list of parameters from a dictionary of tag keys and a dictionary of tag values.
Convert a PEM - encoded string to a DER - encoded string.
Set the locale for the given category. If locale is not a string it will be normalized
Add a module to the cache. If b is set to True the cache will be flushed
A task handler that logs an error message to the logger. The error message will be printed
Create an element of type etype with the given args and keyword arguments. If etype is str
Use accelerator to convert wx image and bitmap to wx image and bitmap to wx bitmap.
Return a new der set containing the given objects.
Send a PING message to the target of a PING message.
Generate a random string of length num bytes.
Calculate the sign of a constant. The constant can be either a float or a NumPy
Clean up the content dictionary by removing all the classes from the database. This is done by
Return a list of css dependencies for the given group.
Return a dict with keys that are not present in orig but are not present in new.
Test whether a tensor is a flat.
Calculate the macdext of the data set using the fastperiod slowperiod and signalm
Delete any user and group object permissions that have content object set to none. Return the number
Join a sequence of strings into a single unicode string.
Reboot a virtual machine on the specified domain. Returns True if the reboot was successful.
Test if a docker app can be deployed.
Compute the p - component of a fundamental matrix.
Returns a function that applies the function with the given arguments and returns the result of the function
Rjust a string to a certain number of characters. If the length of the string is
Generate metrics substitutions and return them in a dictionary. Replacements are stored in token replacements.
Validate a JSON node against a design form. If the node type is not a design form
Checks that the command output does not contain the given text.
Remove all test files from the test directory.
Add language dict to code.
Run the setuptools setup with the given arguments and return the distutils. core object.
Push a status item to the data dictionary.
Test that the language is english by default.
Test that a random tree is a valid tree.
Extract kodi settings from the master settings and the config file.
A pytest hook that sets the outcome of an item to the outcome of that item.
Writes a text file to the archive with a cleave gcode. If no gcode
Returns a list of messages for the given request.
A wrapper for the do function that allows you to lock down the desktop. This allows you
Start a threaded server in a new thread.
Add a tenant to a flavor.
Return a list of all time zone names in the registry.
Embed an album into the art file. If maxwidth is not specified the album will be
Generate a right - d threshold sequence of length n with length m.
Convert a date string or list of date strings to a date number.
Return a list of all the keys and values in the system.
Print a warning with the given description deprecation removal and alternative. If no deprecation is given the
Shifts a script name and a path info by a number. If shift is greater than
Return a list of files that match the given pattern. The pattern can be a string or
Generate a grant query with the given parameters.
Calculate the variances of a list of indicators and a maximum number of dimensions.
Get next device name from a list of device names.
Run a test mininet cluster.
Get the pyo format and data format for a given file and output format.
Delete a user from the system
Returns a validator for the given option name and value. If the option does not exist it
Decorator to create a function that takes a geometric object and returns an integer. If zero
Pretty - print a message with optional parameters.
Find the top of the autotest tree.
Test the flags for a given filesystem descriptor. This is a legacy str to test flags.
Get the directory where the feeds will be stored. Create it if it doesn t exist.
Create a pkgng aware file in the config directory. If the file already exists it
Get the memcache key for a given collection id and version. If no version is given the
Exit the program with a nice exit message.
Save the prediction results to a file in the same format as the input file.
Return a string representation of the timestamp in UTC. If ts is None return the current time
Convert a boolean or a number to a boolean.
Get the hiveserver2 kerberos principal for the given hostname or ip.
Get the module for the given app label. If the label is not found the module is
Get the current working directory of the current process. If the current process does not have a
Generate a course key for the given org number and run. The key is generated from the
Get the download url for a given platform.
Show a single instance of a class.
Test that the model has the same number of parameter operators as the model s alpha value.
A fixture that returns a list of the types of the request. This is useful when you
Check if a collection exists.
Test plot of the ICA. This is the main function to plot the ICA.
Quotes an etag string so it can be used as an HTTP header value.
Split the fitnesses into two based on the median of the fitnesses and the object.
Test csv ecsv colnames mismatch.
Get the header of a bounding box from a 2D numpy array lbrt.
Apply the given optimizer to the input data and return the result as a tuple.
Load a configuration file from the specified path. If the file does not exist return False.
test addition of contacts to the default namespace.
Get the saml provider details for a given SAML provider name.
Write out the backreferences to the example file.
Check a list of issues and return a boolean indicating if there are any warnings or not.
Create a new constant image of the same size as the image and with the given value.
Return a list of file descriptors that can be read from the given list of file descriptors.
Display the debug information for a given course key.
Call xonsh with x as the first argument and return the result as a string.
introduce a vdi.
Assert that a function raises an exception with a given message.
Convert a dask array to a dask array using the castra package.
Check if the circuit is a non - sparse matrix.
Extract messages from a list of validation errors or exceptions.
Check if a service is disabled or not. If the service is disabled it will return a
Flattens a list of lists into a single list of lists of the given dtype.
Get the public key from a PEM file or file path. If key is a x509
Get a list of profile names for the install server.
Return the absolute path to a file in the current working directory.
Manage binaries.
Create XML for multiple choices.
Get a versioned version of an asset. If the asset does not exist it will be created
Return True if the convert command is installed False otherwise.
Release the title descriptions for the given list of titles and return the list of titles to the
Squeeze an output array. If the output is a numpy array the output will be a
Context manager to pin the current thread and restore the previous pin state after the context manager exits
Return a tuple of the values of the composite key in the given record.
Get a list of all snapshots in a project. If no filters are provided all snapshots are
Prepare a command to be run in a subprocess. If shell is True the command will be
Mark the current environment as bootstrapped.
A filter that marks a list of objects as safe and returns the result as a string.
Get w3af version as dict.
Return the name of the virtual machine. If the system is on Windows the virtual machine will
Load a shelve file for the parser result store for the given package.
Get the number of groups that match the given filter.
Get a translation unit from a source file.
Query for consistency groups creating from a source or a snapshot.
Check if a complex number is inside a complex number with respect to a center point.
Check if source is newer than target.
Convert a tuple of values to a string.
Resync a project s webhook.
Return the input length with the given filter size and border mode. If the output length is
Get the transparent torification.
identify all names in the given code and return a dictionary with the names as keys and the
Cancel a draft for a given media type.
Setup the platform with the given config and add the devices to the given list of devices.
Create a loop from a function and a list of loops. The main loop is lifted
Modify a packet to reject a message or reject a message with an optional low - layer compatibility
Return a list of the keys in the string s.
Entry point for the org unit address book command line interface.
Returns True if the current process is running from a reloader.
Spell - check a word in a string.
Delete a stack.
Create a new model with zeros filled with zeros of the same type as the given model.
Decrypt the cypher using the given key. The cypher must be the same length as
Entry point for the command - line tool.
Get a list of users from sailthru.
Validate a resource.
Returns True if the user has passed entrance. If the user has not passed entrance
Decompose a 2x kernel into a 2x kernel and a list of patches.
Check that the comp is a valid component.
Return True if value is not None and field mode is not str.
Create a VCard object from a VCard string.
Register a template to be used for inclusion in a template. This is useful when you want
Turn on or off the D4 port.
Test if a string argument is equal to a list of strings in the form of a list
A filter function that returns a list of integers from a given string. The string can be
Delete an existing network interface. If no name or id is provided only the name and id
Pretty - print a value.
Check if a process is running.
Display a list of users.
Destroy the node with the given name. Returns True if the node was destroyed False otherwise.
Create a summary of a collection. If the collection already exists it will be re - created
Prompt the user to confirm all alerts on the page.
Returns a function that returns the value as an ordinal. If the value is not an integer
Update the quota usage for a resource.
Get current language bidi.
Create a document editor group.
Test input discarding.
multiply a vector v by a matrix m1 b and m2 and return the result
Create an SLS file from a source string and a destination string. If the format is
Change the mac back to the original one.
Quotes a string so that it can be used as a value in an SQL statement.
Get the latest status of an episode.
Return a tuple with the object type privileges and the list of privs for the given object
Compile source code into a code object. If filename is a string it will be used as
Validate that the sleep value is a valid number of minutes. If the value is a string
Test package back patching.
Get the current config vars. If no config vars are defined it will be set to the
Return a tuple of a boolean and the name of the virtual machine.
Get user info from S3 bucket.
Installs the pyui module with the given number of milliseconds. If reactor is not None
Append a slash to the end of the path and return a redirect to the new path.
Find all modules in a given folder.
Return a stat. S_IFREG or stat. S_IFDIR depending on the
Check if the given string is a shorthand IP address. If the string is a shorthand IP
Get a single image from a virtual machine
Normalize a source string to make sure it is a valid file path. If it s a
Command - line entry point for the command - line tool.
Create a vmdk device config spec and attach it to a client.
Reset the syslog configuration parameters.
Read a single record from a file - like object.
Returns a javascript alert message with the given ident level and message. The alert message will be
Get the size of a file in bytes. If print is True print the size of the
Create a new article and limit it to the number of articles in the cache.
Returns the minimum value in the range [ low high ). If the value is not an
Get the profile image storage.
Get the hash of a file.
Update a source unit in the index.
Deactivate a list of packages on a given port.
Example of how to cluster and classify a given vector.
Upgrade the environment to a new version.
Get a value from a request.
Update supported locales for a single webapp.
Convert an asyncio. Future into a tornado. concurrent. Future.
Return the subsector of the S3 bucket.
Remove the null logging handler from the root logger. If no null handler exists nothing happens.
Prepare an input stream for processing. If the input is a string it will be converted to
Scale a matrix by the square root of the square root of the square root of the square
A function to compute the division of a scalar by a scalar. The division is done by
Power on the server. The server will be powered on if it is not already power
Backup the config to a JSON file in the given outputfolder.
Get a list of files in a directory.
Returns the UID of the user or none if the user is none. If the user is
Test harvest uses test scenario.
test prompt should ask and delete repo dir
Test unlink identity request.
Register a locale for a given URL.
Build a websocket upgrade request from the given web socket url and extra headers.
Return the uid of the current user or - 1 if the user is not logged in.
Parse a block of text and return a file.
Create a tf. train. feature with a single int64 value.
Test cons list.
Get the description of a video track.
Create a text file with the given name and encoding.
Test import of vispy modules.
Return a tuple of redis error classes.
Get information about a single model in the nupic database.
Get a mask from a list of sequences. The mask is a numpy array where each row
Calculate the sum of a list of shapes.
Join two or more paths into a single path.
Split an iterable of objects into two lists where the first list contains the objects that match the
Run a function with the given input and output and return the result of the function.
Test whether a file is a file or not. This test fails if the file is not
Categorical log - PMF for the given x and logits.
Send a message to skype and return the output as a string.
Convert an expression to a python string.
Make a URL from a string.
Normalize a local name to a language code. This is done by replacing all characters in the
Return a new iterator with the given parts of the iterator. The iterator must be an iterator
A context manager that creates a temporary file with the given style name and settings.
Convert a VNI to its binary representation.
View the robots. txt page.
Get the value of a metric. If the metric is a gmond metric the value is
Create a quick kanban board document.
Return a list of all repos in the system.
Set the HTTP header if cookie is enabled.
Get the best fitness and quality for a mime type and a list of parsed media ranges.
Test the form and return a unicode object. This is useful when you want to test the
Bootstraps the resolver with a list of host names. The resolver will return a deferred that
Decode feedback from binary tuples into a list of tuples.
Return a list of all keypairs on the cloud
Find the first occurrence of str in logical line.
Put an item into the cache. If the item is a dict it will be put into
Get all the diffsets that have the comments in review.
Create a new der bit string from a binary string.
Render text if rich text is True otherwise escape text. If rich text is False return text
Extract a scalar value or scalar shared variable from a scalar or scalar value.
Register a function to be called after a class method is called. The function will be called
View a storage account s details.
Get a list of all the running IP addresses and a list of a list of urls.
Render a price property for a given item and priceful object.
Test the creation of a sphere model. This test is done by checking that the model is
Get image volume cache by volume id.
Returns the security group with the given id or None if there is no such security group.
Create a simple social name for a given auth name.
Create the test cache folder if it doesn t exist.
Uninstall the flocker on the given nodes.
Add sync methods to the class.
Return a color in equal space. Hue saturation and value must be in the range 0
Return the name of the system s virtual machine.
Render a list of LaTeX objects with a power of 2.
Scan all files in the output folder and return only on output and only on input files.
Get the full path to a profile file in the given repository. If no profile directory is
Return a generator that yields a list of IP addresses for the current user and port.
Restart the service with the given name. Returns True if the service was restarted False otherwise.
Convert a list of indices to a comma - separated list of indices.
Delete ID3v1 or ID3v2 from a file. If v1 is
Print a number of bytes in a human - readable format.
Refresh the database from the salt - minion. This function will return True if the database is
Try to update the last logged in user. If there is an error update the last logged
Return a prefix from a pattern. If the pattern is already a prefix return it unchanged.
Test that there is no source directory.
Seeks to the specified time in the playback.
Get the profile as a base64 encoded string. This function is used to generate the profile
Print a list of strings.
Create a runner for the given test name and results file. If no results file is provided
Convert a numpy array to a list of floats and integers.
Get the number of elements in a set of weights w2. The weights are sorted by
Execute a command in the current working directory and return the output as a list of strings.
Run the reactor in a thread and return a tuple of the reactor and the twisted thread
Get the serial number for the current zone. If the file does not exist it will be
Create a new instance of the given class and push it on top of the stack.
A view that displays the traceback of the thread that the user is a superuser.
Qualify the dependencies of the given targets.
Get the value of a style attribute from the given element. If the attribute does not exist
Generate a list of random usernames.
Return a linear measurement of the angle between 0 and 1.
Clear a volume on a given path. If the size of the path is greater than the
Test integer creation with rational number creation.
Get the current platform string. If current is None return the current platform string. If current
Update the connection info with the given connector and service. If the connector does not have a
test arg of sigmoid bad
Make a TOTP secret.
Encode a value to a JSON string.
One - dimensional norm of an array.
Unpacks a string into a Python object. If the string is a string it will be
Return True if the line ends with a character.
List services on a given host or binary.
Check if the given address is a valid CIDR address.
Load the contents of a pickle file into a Python object.
Get the name of the submodule from the full module name.
Destroy a block device mapping.
Get the current performance data for a given counter.
List all certificates in the given certificatestore. If certificatestore is not
Initialize a failure code with the given sub string. This is used to initialize the failure code
Get the auth url from the options dict. If the key is not present return the string
Asks the user for a string. Returns none if the user is not authorized to do
Split an address into the local part and the domain.
Convert a value to a native Python type. If the value is a string it will be
Get a user object by username. If the user does not exist raise an error.
Upload the previous version of the document to the remote server.
Return True if x is an even number.
Format a job id and return it as a dictionary with the formatted job id as the key
Get points around a given radius around a given point in the given path.
Calculate the Lrap score for a given set of labels. The score is calculated based on
Get the version of the Moto package.
Create the long description file and write it to disk.
Upload a file to the storage system.
Inject the field overrides for each block in the course. This is useful when you want to
Check for misordered fields.
Get a list of all reservations for a given project.
Walk the given path and generate test targets.
Returns the plural form of the given text. If the given text is not a string returns
Returns the minus sign for the given locale. If no locale is given the default locale is
Compare the current configuration with the current configuration.
Create a route that returns a PUT response with a JSON - encoded representation of the response.
A template loader that renders the given string as an editable field. The template will be rendered
Convert a name to a human readable name.
Expands a key string into a list of words. The key string must be in the
Check if a string is part of a multiline string.
Unpack an ASF image from a byte string.
Create a string from a list of file elements. The file elements are assumed to be XML
Set a signal handler for the given dict of signal names to the given handler.
Put multiple entities asynchronously. Returns an empty list if the operation is successful.
Record a message at a specific timestamp in all contexts. If no timestamp is provided the current
Run plotly on the current figure and return the plot URL. If plotly is not
Return the age of the log buffer in seconds.
Write an XML file to disk if the content has changed.
Generate the constants. pyx. cython. enums. pyx. ifndefs
Create a directory with all the parents of the given name. If the directory already exists it
Get a list of media tracks for a given media descriptor.
Get the string value for the given key in the given element. If the key is not
Get the IP address of an interface.
Split a string into a list of strings.
Save the current session to the browser.
Try to import a module. If the module cannot be imported return none. If the module
Get the current journal file.
Renames oldname to newname. If newname does not exist it will be renamed to old
Check if the current installation is in the grace period of num seconds.
Fix up enum names in an object by replacing them with the values in the class map.
Crawls the expression and calls the function with the given arguments. If the function returns
Load a command class from the given module name and command name.
Post a message to mattermost
Convert a color to a QColor object and return it as a QColor object.
Print the categories of a given parent category or all categories of a given parent category.
Returns the version of the dataset. If the dataset does not exist it will be created.
Return a dictionary with the given name as the default value.
Escape a byte string with special characters and escape special characters in a byte string.
Return the first option that is a string or None if there is no such option.
Authenticates the user using the WNS API.
Checks the header of a caplog against a list of stubs and returns the header.
Check if two matrices are the same.
Test that a string is equal to another string in the table. This is useful for testing
Test django specifying scenarios to run in the current working directory.
Validator for the bufsize keyword argument.
Make a default map of signal names to their respective target class names.
Get a slice of the time series for a given time range.
Get the best match for the given cp. If installed is False then the best match is
Create a new event manager from a media list. The event manager is a reference to the
Return a function that returns a tuple of values for the given items. If the number of
Calculate the rvss for a given minibatch.
Convert a time object to a datetime object.
Return a list of rospack plugins for a given package.
Return a set of dtype kinds for a list of numpy. ndarrays.
Send a command to the console and wait for it to finish.
Update translations for a given plugin or list of plugins.
Add an MSVS config to the pipeline.
Return the means of the classes in y.
Check if the user has the given rule trigger permission.
Return True if boto is installed and False if not. Otherwise return a tuple with a message
Release a previously acquired lock. This method should be called when the lock is released.
Create an IKE Policy.
Test the arguments of a line and a line - like object. This is useful for testing
Print one training vector in a human - readable format.
Perform an emr interpretation step on a syslog file system and return a dictionary of interpret
Reload the django url config from the root urlconf module.
Run a job in the job s expt directory.
Get the indexes for the given table.
Create a new language for a given site. This command creates a new language for a given
Return a list of mac addresses for a given domain
Compute the spectral density of the image using the nipy. cm. nipy. spectral
Get the best fitness and quality for a mime type and a list of parsed media ranges.
Connect to cloud networks.
Find the prototypes in the given code.
Get the current metrics from the server. If the cache is full the metrics will be cached
Add the current traceback to the global tracebacks list.
Compute the correlated time series between two data frames.
Check if a line is out of line method definition.
Generate noise from a covariance matrix and a random number of samples.
Format a stack of outputs as a list of strings. If resolve is set to True the
Convert a cell string to a row and column number.
Skips the given string and adds it to the clr. This is useful when you
Write a list of positions to a file. Pos can be either a list of floats or
Get the latest records from the database. If there are no records return an empty html.
Get the flavor of the deployment. If flavor is not set it will be added to the
Return the name of the virtual machine or False if it is not running on a Darwin
Get the best episode for the given series. If there are more than num occurrences of the
Return the comment form for the current page.
Login the user in a shared session. If the user is already logged in it will be
Create a form for exporting a file to a file of a given format.
Prepare the info dictionary for the given inverse operator. This is done by copying the inverse operator
Return the position of the first occurrence of str in the given line. If the line is
Make a query from a filter object.
Generate a random job prefix.
Expose the given string as a template and return it as a response to the user.
Displays a list of videos for a given course.
Get a file - like object for the given filename. If the filename ends in gzip -
Check if a hostname is present in a certificate.
Return a sitemap from the given sitemaps. If no sitemaps are provided the
Create a new layer from the viewer config.
Get a dictionary of proxies from the environment.
Get the most recent incomplete item for a user.
Test the precision of a number.
Install komodo in the current working directory and wait for it to finish.
Check if a directory exists and is older than the latest generation number.
Return the virtual name of the system.
Pauses the animation by setting the value of the anim parameter to False.
This is an example of a twiml. app. route to receive a single sms
Migrate a node s facts to a node s facts.
Remove a minor number from a device.
Get all errant logs in the tree rooted at the given root node.
Open a file or directory and return its refno.
Returns True if the class has the given labels False otherwise.
Fix the indentation of the given text by adding a number of spaces to the beginning of each
Render a genshi template with the given context.
Get a benchmark cluster from the given options. If no options are given the benchmark is run
Return a dictionary of contract creation exceptions.
Check if an option is present and set it to the given value. If the option is
Create a variable with weight decay.
Return the gradient of the sum of x y z.
Run tests in the context of the current frame. If the current frame is not a test
Delete a comment.
Normalize a list of paths into a list of absolute paths. If the value is a list
Test that the normalized colormap is a good one.
Return the md5sum of the given file or None if the file does not exist.
Returns True if the string s contains only printable characters ; otherwise returns False.
Check if a user and group are the same. Return a string containing the user and group
Ensure that a link is a valid social link.
Revert a document to a new revision.
Wait for a winrm session to complete and return a winrm. Session object.
Update the text of a stimulus and return the elapsed time. If no text is provided
Check if the given name is in the given flow. If the name is not in the
Open a file in a web browser.
delete a file or a list of files from the queue.
Generate a context from a sample.
Register the navigation bar hooks.
Check if the given domain is a valid domain name.
Get the body of the response from the ssh command.
Delete a contact type.
Return a set of permissions that are missing from the given user.
Send an e - mail using a template.
Return a list of all the available devices on the system.
Find the first selected node in a list of nodes. If no node is selected return None
Create an instance with a class attribute. If no namespace is given the default namespace is used
Freeze login details.
Emmonds karp implementation.
Returns True if the request wants JSON or False if the request does not accept JSON.
Test daophot types.
Set the start position of an element node to the given end position and start position.
Sends an e - mail to a list of recipients. If a message is provided it will
Return a list of the unique elements in a sequence.
Get the current date time in the given format. If no format is given the current date
Read the page header from the given file object. The file object is expected to be a
Parse requirements from a file and return a generator of requirements.
Compute the WCS for the given key and challenge.
Get the total normal of a path. The path is assumed to be a list of points
Convert a timestamp to a normal timestamp.
Get all volume types in a group.
Return the name of the write index for the given group.
Set the cache directory. If the directory does not exist an error will be raised.
Check if path is a file and raise error if it is not.
Submit a bulk course email.
Normalize an angle to the range [ 0 num ). If a is greater than num it
Get the size of a file from the backend.
Return a function that can be used to write a string to a file - like object.
Queue a rating for a user.
Run the command and return the state of the command. If the command fails return False.
Register a filter with a value and a key. This is useful when you want to register
Convert a DNS name to an IPv4 or IPv6 address.
Compute the ones - like tensor of a CSM object with the same shape as the input
Check if line number is out of range and if so return the header number and string.
Take a list of lines and return a list of lines with the dedented text.
Generate a random string of the given length with the given bad characters.
Break down a cookie into name and text.
Get the indentation level of a line of text.
Calculate the OVD of the volume of the two data sets and return the result as a
Expands a load balancer into a dictionary.
Check the integrity of the sqlmap file. If the file does not exist it will be
Strip newsgroup quoting from a string.
Convert an RGB tuple to a HSV tuple.
Get the version of the current process.
Convert a string to a numpy array.
Sample rois from the roidb and fill it with fg and bg rois.
Create a container from a HTTP POST request. If headers is None the default headers will be
Make a name from package and module.
Check to see if the named virtual volume is absent in the named virtual volume group. If
Cancels the current checkout.
Mark the number of errors being kept. This function will be called at the beginning of each
Parse records from a file - like object handle and yield them as a generator.
Return True if the current Python version is Python 27 and False otherwise.
Calculate the MD5 hash of a file.
Check if the given entry is a valid hidden service address.
Get a twitter notification service.
Run a set of script usage tests against a set of test data and a set of test
Get the ami metadata for the current instance.
Check if the request referer matches the pattern. If the request referer does not match the pattern
Get the crafted text of a file.
Disable a command on the minion. Returns True if the command was successfully disabled False otherwise.
Get stroke radius by prefix
SYSTEM INFORMATION TYPE 8 Section 9. 2. 2.
Suggest a semantic version from a string.
Get a list of parameters from a list of layers. If the list is not a list
Compare two packages in reverse order. The first argument is the package name and the second is
Command line interface for creating a new agent.
Returns a slice of the newest count items from the end of the iterable. If count is
Split a path into its components and return them as a list of strings. If result is
Test randomize corrmat correction.
Check if attribute name is a reserved word.
Save a certificate to a file on the master. If the file does not exist it will
Squeeze 2x2 input.
Get end of archive record from file - like object fpin is seekable offset is offset
Create a top - level widget with the given title and iconname.
Save all the values in the dialog to the database. This is useful when you want to
Command for creating a new shell. This command can be used to create a new shell.
Check if a file exists in a list of filepaths. If not print a message.
Ceil x to the nearest integer.
Wait for the prior running states to reach the given jid. If no jid is given a
Get the content of a page.
Get the filename of the config. h file for the current platform.
Create a like object for the given object. If the object already exists it will be replaced
Register an inclusion tag with unlimited keyword arguments. This is useful when you want to include
Load a single cron entry from a YAML file. If the file does not exist it will
Copy a file from a source to a destination and return the path to the destination.
Update an existing file.
Test API 1.
dmp ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground
Get a list of all launch configurations.
Return the zone of the minion. If the zone is not available return the default zone.
Return a dict with the cleaned data for the given form and the given list of attributes.
Return True if field is conservative.
Match a file system type and a set of needed options.
Display the top contributors for a given product.
Get an identifier from a key. If the key is a string it will return it as
Generate a random genome with the given number of letters.
Get the path to the profiler log file.
Upload a file to an S3 bucket.
Return True if the system is a virtual system. Otherwise return False.
Count the antidivisor of a number.
Example of how to access and refresh a user s access token and refresh token.
Make a uniform PMF from a range of low and high.
Update an RDS s DNS records in an ELB.
Convert a plural rule to a gettext string.
Set up the module and start the assistant.
Build a cyclic network with the same input and output modules as the input and output modules.
Return the number of characters in s that are in table names key columns data rowid.
Set the locale for the localectl system.
Return a list of all the cluster names in the system. If verbose is set to True
Returns the full path to the job file.
Set the given pipe to non - blocking mode.
Create fast start scripts.
Start a new server with the given description and return a callable that will be called with the
Convert a datetime object to the UTC timezone.
Wait for a quorum of nodes to reach a certain number of replications.
Try to decode the given byte string into a unicode object.
Set an object in the memcached. If lock is set to True the object will be created
Normalizes a text string into a single line of text. If text is bytes it will be
Return the base signup form class.
Select a route based on env app and request. If app is not specified use the current
Restarts the machine with the given name. If the machine is running it will be restarted
Get the base path from a base url. If the base url is empty it will be
Append a host to the end of an existing host.
Create a flow for a given image service availability zones and a given create flag.
Parse a string and return a jinja object.
Returns True if the console is attached to the current window or False if the console is not
Return the default namespace.
Print out a list of mac addresses from a maclist file.
Return a list of all the low state data for the minion running on the remote host.
Returns the node with the given id or None if it doesn t exist.
Create a new user with the given name email password and role. If the user already exists
Check if there are any conflicts in the repository.
Validates that the given string is a valid attribute of the given arch. If the string is
Return a promoted version of the given name. If the name is not promoted it
Compute the k - nearest - neighborhoods of the input array using the idzr
Check if an element is bound to a context.
Render to a string and return it as an HTTP response object.
Bump the cache for a given product. If no shop is given the cache will be
Create a mock key provider with a list of keys.
Map library datasets to lddas.
Return the system version of the minion.
Copy a number of lines from a file or file - like object to a journal.
Run tests on the command line. This is the main entry point for the command line tool
Print a warning about missing microversion header.
Calculate the median of a list of numbers grouped by name.
Reads a raster file and returns a polygon object.
Get fixed IP address by network and host.
Parse an XML string and return a list of properties.
Set up canned roles for a class.
Decode a base64 string into a string.
Estimate the sigma of a given set of resids for a given number of lags.
Consume items from a queue and return them as a generator. If there are no items left
Return the total number of items in an iterable.
Read header from a file - like object or gzip file - like object or file - like
Return a versioned version of the given plugin and version. This is useful when you want to
Get the current version of geonode. If no version is provided the current version is
Test stratified validation k.
Upload data to a file or file - like object. If raw data is True it will
Get the most recent messages for a given experiment.
Returns the mapper for the given entity or None if the entity is not a boolean.
Returns a human - readable string of the given size in human - readable format.
Get the current clipboard content. If selection is set to True the current selection is returned.
Sort the allowed list by protocol.
Return the name of the current resource in the context of the current service.
Create a list of subtasks for the given query set.
Check if a flag is accepted by the user.
Assert studio view is invalid and the given html is a valid HTML string.
Parse a timestamp string into a datetime. datetime object.
Convert a text string to a dictionary.
Get a blob from a file or file - like object.
Parse a quoted string and return the position and value of the quoted string.
Handle the item deleted signal.
Destroy a device
Get the workgroup of the current computer.
Computes the softmax of mat and returns the result. If target is None the result will be
Delete a sysv service
Analyzes text and prints the sentiment score and magnitude of the text.
Return a dictionary of the current status of the database. If no connection is given the default
Compute the variance of a matrix. The variance is the sum of the mean and the variance
Generate a sample of memory and store it in the list of samples. Return the current memory
Apply a function with a random selector.
Get a hash processor for the given kex and algorithm.
Return the default feedback URL.
Return True if want matches got and False otherwise.
Return a local resource with the given uri in the given block. If no block is given
Generate the HTML report for the given results dir. If relative links is True links will be
Remove a bridge from the system
Returns a formatted WWN string. If the length of the WWN string is not equal
Convert a byte array to a binary string.
Write a string to a file with the given filename and contents. If the file already exists
Compute the trace of a vector.
Find the metadata for a file in a bucket and return it. If no metadata is found
Return the version of pyzmq as a tuple.
Return a clean copy of a headers dictionary.
Return None if result is not equal to num and cargs is a pointer to the last
Redirect to a given URL.
Clean up the name of a node by replacing all non - alphanumeric characters with a string.
Build the pillar data from the given options.
p Print a tensor.
Find an unused port.
Get the content of a file in the active view.
Return a dictionary of plugin entries for the given groups.
Register a fczmdriver class to be used by the fczm driver.
Ensure the security group is a default security group. If the security group is not a default
Set the non - blocking flag on the given file descriptor.
Check if the given products can be cached for the given shop and customer.
Reset all parameters to their default values and set them to the default values.
Test the correctness of a random tensor.
Returns True if the element should be reverse - evaluated. If the element is not reverse -
Generate a unique identifier for the given API method.
Get the current cluster position.
Escape a string for use in an SQL statement.
Test completion item focus no.
The main entry point for the CLI. This is the main entry point for the CLI.
Get signature from base64 - encoded data.
Return the system path of the given device.
Run an osf apiserver on the given port.
Make an environment key for the given app name and key. The key will be converted to
Return True if all content experiments are enabled for this course.
Wait for data to be read from the given sockets. If no data is available timeout
Update an existing file with a new alias. If the file already exists it will be overwritten
n Write a named matrix to the file descriptor fid. The number of rows and columns must
p unary expression 4
Initialize the command line interface with the given cli instance.
Convert a string value to an integer. If the value is a string it will be converted
Entry point for the test suite.
Return a new usage key with the given string replaced with a course key and fill in the
Get the value of a variable in a Tex live environment.
Test if key is missing in context. If key is present in context it will be loaded
Delete a location.
Enable a server. Returns True if the server is enabled False if the server is already disabled
Parse a template from a file or file - like object and return the result as a string
Find required chars in a block.
Send a message to the user if the site configuration is set to be published.
Download a setuptools version from the given url to the given directory and return the path to
Configure the chassis based on the given changes. Returns True if the configuration was successful.
Change the current working directory to the given path. If quiet is set to True warnings are
Get the rights of an activity.
Return True if the string s is a call to the function s. If it s not
Add a sphere to the mesh.
Context manager to set the current user in the context of the context manager.
Convert a minolta value to a float.
A contextmanager that copies a number into a new object.
Setup the module by loading a string from the file system. If the module cannot be loaded
Get the latest version of a package.
Check if an IP address is a valid IPv4 or IPv6 address.
Return True if the database is primed False otherwise.
Return a tuple of all extensions in the Nova server.
Return the type of a string. If it is a string return it. Otherwise return it
Get the current node from the netbios interface.
Check if a value is an extension type.
test module scope is updated on patch
Fit a cluster with a sample of half - clusters.
Randomly take a number of elements from the input array and add them to the output array
Parse a ms value into an integer and a string. If the value is a string it
Create a form for a list of fields. The fields will be sorted by name.
Run osf tests.
Get the credential with the given name in the given tenant.
Save the given states to the database in the given UOW transaction. If single is True
Set the hostname on the minion
Given a meta class and a list of base classes calculate the winner class.
Print the contents of a file to stdout.
Handler for SIGUSR1 signals. Reopen the log files when the signal is received.
Make a request to the API with the given parameters and return the result as a dict.
Raise an exception if the given context is not an admin or the current user is not a
Ensure that an array is of the given dtype and that it is of the given type.
Return a list of all the arguments in the given sequence. If output is none return the
Test the hardness threshold and sample the data.
Wrap a socket in an SSL connection.
Check if a youtube video is available.
Validate that the function is called with skipna. If skipna is not a boolean it
Compile the given directory into a Python script.
Duplicate a dictionary into a list of lists.
Update an existing job in Jenkins. If no name is given the job will be created.
Compute the theano norms of w.
Remove a key from the key - value store. If recurse is set to True it will
Terminate the script after the scenario has been run.
Convert a hex string to a base32 string.
Return a message indicating that the ratings have been successful.
Remove any unicode and string special characters from the given text. If the input is a string
Get incoming rate for a given method or number. If no method is given the incoming rate
Sends an email to the next event in the queue. If there is no next event send
This function is called before a new template is generated. This function is called before a new
Change the directory of the sickbeard. torrent if it is different from the current
Return a list of terms with pairs of numbers replaced by numbers.
Add a discussion to a page.
Read a FASTA record from a file - like object and return it as a list.
Inference the network of the network x.
Get the tricomplex times other.
Test get filter.
Test write twoline and no bookend.
Return the urlname of the comment.
Convert keyword arguments to a Node object.
The watchlist view for a user s watchlist. The watchlist is a list of
Reset the optimizations for the current task. This is called when the worker is re -
LZ4 encoding for old Kafka versions.
Return the data from the specified url or None if the data is not available on the minion
Create a new virtual environment in the given directory.
Get the configuration from the. ini file. If the file does not exist raise runtime error
Export ARIA 2. 0 configuration to a file in the current working directory.
Get the format for the given format type and language. If no language is given the default
Authenticates the user with the given password. If the user is not authenticated returns 401
Check if a hook is valid for a given file and hook name.
Add labels to host
Describes a change in p4. If the change does not exist it will be created
Print a string to the console.
Run a command in the same directory as the given command line.
Return the identity of x.
Generic Z - Statistical Normalization with a standard deviation and a standard deviation difference.
Get the current EGL error code.
Log an error message at the current stack level.
Show a list of users in a group.
Returns a list of tuples with the license id and the license title. If no existing license
Return the debug state of the current environment.
Return a dictionary with the initial values of a document.
Return a list of all running minions
Flips the loop for the given element and returns a list of flipped points. If the
Return a list of markers sorted according to the given list of matches.
Get a list of all policies in a group.
Count the number of elements in a sequence.
Get the VM boot spec for the given device.
Ensure that a path is relative to the current working directory.
Test if the command cannot start with a multiline command.
Open an object in the current window. The object can be a string or a file object
Call the remote function on the perspective and return the number of times the remote function was called
Create a builder for the SSH service.
Toggles the projection of the lines in the params dictionary.
Generate a signed JWT.
Create a new mismatch message with the given mismatched description and details. If mismatched is
Return the weighted normal vector between begin and center and end in the range [ begin end )
Get the local time zone.
Set the boolean values in a dictionary. If persist is set to True the value will be
Suggest a string in a web browser.
Expose the given function as an anonymous function. This is useful when you want to expose
Check if a line is a valid oslo i18n line.
Select multiple form controls that match a regular expression and set the value of those controls to the
Return a list of all enabled service owners
Delete the content of a namespace.
Convert a string to a slugified version of it.
Test join inplace.
Create a new Wsgi resource.
Return True if the value is a safe type for the given key in the given object.
Run the refresh repo on the given module. If auto import is True the repo will be
Set audio channel.
Get statistics from a vim. Cluster object.
Return a string representation of the object s methods and attributes. If collapse is True then the
Fetch a value from a cache file.
Return a list of pages to show.
Check that the database has all the required data.
Download setuptools and return the path to the downloaded file. If the file does not exist
Checks if the given mac is a valid mac address.
Return a dictionary of recommended folders for a given list of names.
Chops the first how much bytes from the beginning of a sequence.
Recover all the workers in a load balancer.
Shifts a function to the left of a list n times and returns a new list.
Compute the Bayesian Core of the Bayesian Core of the Bayesian Core
Test that the input estimator is unchanged.
Add a trunk8 script to the S3 script list.
Test for the union of the characters in the given comment parameter and value. If the test
Display the password for the user. If the user is logged in redirect to the login page
Return True if any element in the sequence is True.
Test import of vispy modules.
Create a generic formset for the given model. The formset will be created with the
Convert a byte string to a long integer.
Send a notification of a new string translation to all subscribers of the translation s subproject.
Return a message for a given page number. If the number is greater than the current page
Generate a list of random anchors with a given base size ratios and scales.
Dispatch a method call to the server and return the result. If the result is a string
Returns a fixture for the environment of the test suite. This is useful when you want to
Update an enrollment for a user in a given course.
Install a set of packages. If update is set to True the packages will be updated otherwise
The main entry point for the application.
Test the version of the virtualenv.
Return a list of bcs sorted by key and value in ascending order.
Subscribe a user to a creator.
Make sure there are no duplicates in the S3 API.
Return a dictionary of channel indices based on the pick types.
Build a forest with a single key and a database reference. This is a simple example of
Return True if the given service is a sysv service and False if it is not.
Shuts down a candidate by sending a shutdown signal to the server.
Returns the currency name for the given locale.
Returns True if xblock is a unit. If parent is None it will return False.
Serialize a remote exception to a JSON string.
Make a bad request with the given code and result.
Send a registered email to the given user that was unclaimed from the given node
Return True if the given user exists in the given server. If the user does not exist
Generate a doc from a result dict.
Initialize the machine state with the given state and return a new state with the given state.
Get the lower and upper bounds of a slice from a builder and slicestruct.
Get HTTP client authorization infos from a spec dict.
Make an exog from a set of arrays.
MySQL 7. 1. 0 - > 7. 1. 0 - > 7. 1
Uninstalls the cache from the current session. This is done by patching the original session
Test for multiple reads of a file.
Add a list of short links to each document in the database. This is a thread -
Convert an integer to a base36 string.
Build a list of criterion operations from a list of campaign operations.
Return a list of valid locales. If normalize is True it will be used to normalize the
Test the interpolation of the model.
Create a folder structure with the given depth and sibling. If the given depth is greater than
Check if a URL matches any of the registered callbacks. If run is set to True the
Create a collection in the given path. If the collection does not exist it will be created
Get a random list of available API servers.
The main entry point for the fix command.
Check if the given user has access to view reports for the given project.
Convert an object into a list.
Return a collator for case sensitive strings.
Find an adapter for an object in a given registry.
Recursively extract all values for a given key from a dictionary.
Delete a file.
Raises an assertion if a is not equal to b.
Returns a list of integers representing the quantile of each element in the input data sorted by the
Set rate limit for a given task.
Encode the input file to the output file. The input file must be a file - like
Calculate the iqr of a numpy array.
Make a datetime aware.
Disable profiling for a given service. This function is called when a signal is received on a
Generate author stamps for S3.
Safely decode text into a unicode object. If text is already a unicode object it will
Get the program name from sys. argv. If there is no program name in sys.
Return a string representation of a list of ids. If ids is not a list return the
Create a multi - dimensional array of the specified size with the specified dtype. If pos is
Get a dictionary of the title and the title of the file.
Check if a user has a given permission.
The pre event handler that is executed at the beginning of the execution of the event handler.
Return a copy of the matrix with the given offset. The offset must be a 2D
Create a new tenant.
A context manager to collect profiling information and dump it to a file in a given format.
Display a baremetal node.
Convert an object to a reference to its module and callable name. If the object is not
Return a dict with the stats for a given path.
Convert a JSON string to a bytes object.
Return a list of all templates in the gitignore.
Return a list of all disabled services.
Generate a HMAC for the given request method path expiration and key.
Read images from disk.
Nopackages packages that are not installed in the given list.
Decode a binary string into a value and a bitfield flags.
Cx set ind1 & ind2 and return a tuple of ind1 and ind2
Check if the username and password are the same as the user s config.
Get a security group by id.
Test preprocessor expression.
Query a string for works by iswc. If includes is None then all works will be
Read a little endian unsigned long from a file - like object.
Run a script on the given path. If the path ends in str it will be run
Compress the data into a list of lists with the keys and the values of each row.
Resolve a property from a style map to the value of that property. If the property is
Invert the tree structure of a tree structure.
Wrap a float value with a modulo if possible.
Wait for a write on the given file descriptor to complete or raise an exception if it times
List all users in the Kstone account.
Return the signal name for the given signal.
Return the crafted version of the given gcode.
Import the status of an item into the data dictionary. If the item does not have a
Create a new position from the given lat lon and bearing and a distance in meters.
Return the extension subtype for a given type.
test lex mangling bang
Get the global context for the MkDocs plugin.
Return a copy of the clip with a blinking between on and off.
Send a message to the l3 socket and wait for it to be ready to receive.
Monitor the given logical line to see if it is a line that starts with str. If
Find the cover page for a given container.
Interprets the given marker string and returns the result. If the marker is not found
Get information about a cache subnet group.
Parse a doc string and return a dictionary of option names to their corresponding values.
This is the main entry point for the pynet2 juniper srx
test monitor get gamma and grid
Check the result of gl. readpixels and gl. readpixels. If result is True
Get the filesystems and globs for a sample.
Receive a message from a user and send it back to the user. If the user is
Return the root mean square error between y and y - pred.
Return a response with the current Python version and the current version of the application.
Remove a boot volume from a server
Adds a track to the list of tracks that have been played. Returns a list of
Locate text using the geocode API.
Get the network id for a given VM.
Generate a generator of all integration targets in the system. The generator yields each integration target in
Convert a hex number to a binary number.
Load the key from the config file.
Assert that x follows unicode guidelines. If roundtrip is set to True then x is
Generator that yields n - sized chunks from the beginning of the stream. If allow is True
Return True if line is junk False otherwise.
Resizes a video to a private or local storage.
Convert a phone number to a numeric number.
Return a list of primes of length n.
Return a dictionary mapping field names to indices of duplicates in a list of fields.
Return an interface up to the specified interface type or None if the interface does not exist.
Shuts down the given application. If no application is given the current working directory is used
Generate an anonymous id for a given user and course id.
Check that all modules are in the build inventory. If not print a message to stderr.
Return True if callback is an instance of the api class.
Create a cache that can be used to cache the results of a call to the function.
Return True if the given sheet exists in the current working directory. If the sheet does not
Create a constant from a record.
Return a list of all users on the minion
Load calendars from a YAML file.
connect net to ms
Reconstruct the path from the current node.
Returns a dictionary of all the facts in the database. The dictionary will contain a list of
Return information about a given group. If the group does not exist return an empty dict.
Returns a list of data rows from the table. If the row is not in the list
Test rus fit sample with indices.
Edit a folder. If the user has the permission to edit the folder it will be saved
Ensure that the named service is absent.
Search for a person in S3.
Download appstats from a remote server to a local file.
This is the main function of the SNMP interface. It is the main function of the
Print a message to stderr and exit with the given number.
Remove a user from a group.
Get a list of all test names in the test suite.
View the properties of a user s subscription.
Return True if the group has a snapshot. Otherwise return False.
Example of how to convert an XML string to an XML string.
Create an object from a numpy array.
Convert a number of bytes into a human - readable string.
Open a local file or a URL using urllib2. urlopen if it s a local file
Return True if obj is None False otherwise.
Check if a field is a valid astroyear year.
Check if a user exists on a given host.
Euclidean distance between two vectors.
p expr list 2 - > list 2 - > list 2 - > list 2 - >
Return True if all objects in the manager are equal to the given list.
Resolve the given name against the given server. If the name is an IP address return it
Return the medical price of a bar.
Print an error message.
Logistic logistic distribution with sigmoid.
Generate a faux mime message from the given response and content.
Delete a member from a pool
Run a command on the capfd and assert that the command is in the output.
Convert a module name into a module object. If the module is a string it will be
Hydrate a sources field into a fileset.
Add a request suffix to a string.
Make a CDF from a PMF. If label is None return the CDF s label.
Unescapes a slash in a string.
Returns a lambda that sums the largest value of x and k times the sum of x.
Read a file and return it as a unicode object. If the file does not exist raise
A context manager that replaces the urlconf module with a new module with the given patterns.
Send a syslog message to the specified server. If enable is set to True the message will
Auto - delete files.
Get an instance of s3. rest. Controller for campaigns.
Create a device from a numpy. rec_like object.
Return a dict of subreddit objects by SRID. If srs is set to True then
Create a new event manager for the given media discoverer. The event manager is a reference
Listens for course published signal and updates the cache with the new course.
Iterate over the given generator and schedule it in the given protocol. The generator will be called
Return a list of osquery. Command objects representing the changes made to the user s passwd
Loads a template library.
Add an extra attribute to the ipy file.
Get the description of an object from its docstring. If no description is found none is returned
Store the friends of a user.
Create an empty array with the same shape and dtype as the input array.
Raise an exception if the given resource is not enabled. If the resource is not enabled raises
Test install as egg.
Send a command to a specific LBn and return a dictionary of the results.
Create a multipart form from the given body and the given header parameters. If the body is
Demonstrates how to desribe a bad id for a given internet gateway.
Return the magnitude of x. If x is a complex number return the magnitude of the complex
Leave the current transaction management state. If the current state is not dirty rollback the transaction.
Concatenate a list of tensors into a single tensor along a given axis.
Return the norm of x. If p is num return the norm of x. If p
Read bool from file and return as np. bool.
Escape a string so it can be used as a value in an SQL statement.
Convert a raw value to a lux.
Register a callback to be called when a resource of the given type is available.
Check if a user has a certain permission for some organization.
A specifier that can be used as a parameter to a function or method declaration. This is
Create a nested dict from a path to a value.
Configure the FB - Thrift library.
Test the position of montage in a file and compare it to the expected position.
Save the current state to a pickle file.
Get all volumes in a generic volume group.
Find the unit pattern for a given unit id.
Copy files from in to out.
Expands a type string into a list of types. If the type string starts with str
Find the location of a file in the current working directory or the user s home directory.
Define a new role for a given entity.
Application Information Packet
Return True if the system is running in a virtual environment. If the system is running in
Test whether an image is equal to a mask.
Register a new device s public key.
Mask sensitive data in a message.
Make a request to the given path using the given method and data and return the result.
Evaluate a command in a spyder shell and run it in the context of the current process
Return a list of filepaths in the given directory.
Convert an upper triangular matrix into a lower triangular matrix. The upper triangular matrix
Generate a TOTP passcode from a secret.
Write data to a pickle file.
Invalidate the given suffix in the given directory. The suffix is appended to the end of the
Add a representer to the dumper.
Deprecated. Use patch instead. Use patch_function instead. Use patch_method instead.
Decorator to wrap a function in a transactional tasklet. The function will be executed in a
This is the entry point for the pip command line tool. This is the entry point for
Create a Flask application.
Redirect to the current domain.
Connect to the Machinelearning layer 1 API.
Show a color map on the screen using the RGB color map.
Get the site dict for a given app. If app is not found return empty dict.
Return a generator of headers from the given environ dictionary. The headers are returned as a tuple
Process a queue of work items. If the queue is empty no work will be processed.
Convert an etree element to a topic object.
Sync the database with the server. This action is executed in the context of the application.
Add an error to the list of saved errors.
Check if an item is in the course tree.
Check if fscale is valid.
Iterate the second terms in the first list and return a list of all the bindings used.
Return html for a directory in a directory browser.
Get an encoder for the given encoding.
Show all figures in the main window. If mainloop is True the main window will
Add pillars to the list of positives.
Copy the extras from the config file to the output directory.
Get the XenAPI connection URL and the hostname of the Xen API server.
Reset all profile settings to their default value.
Escape the given header according to RFC822.
Return True if addr is an IPv6 address False otherwise.
Set the minimum and maximum bounds of the image.
Return a list of all related models in the given model and its sub - models.
Create a verifier for the given ecc signature and hash method using the given public key.
Format the given date according to the global date format. If the given date is not a
Load a module from a file or file - like object.
Show the org site staff config for the current deployment.
Attempts to kill the process with the given signal and returns True if the process was killed.
Get the code of the current user. If the user is logged in it will return the
Switch to a different host based on a request parameter.
Update the root organisation for a given organisation id or list of organisations.
Return a list of all nodes on the cloud
Initialize the qutebrowser browser with the given arguments.
Perform the cleanup of the image and text files. This is done by removing all the files
Convert a pauli expression to a Q - like expression.
Return the number of databases in the database specified by host port db and password.
Remove a platform from ASAM.
Encode a missing message to be sent to the server.
Parse an iscsiname rule.
Return a list of all the roots of a node in the view.
Get the class instance of an object.
Delete a minion from the minion cache. If remove is set to True the minion will be
Return True if e is an SSL error.
Add a filter optimizer to the graph. This optimizer will be used to filter the images and
Redirect to the root of the current site. If the user is not logged in redirect to
Display a hello message.
Get a summary of the changes between two models.
This is the entry point for the setup. py script. This is the entry point for
Get a list of files in a local directory.
Returns a dictionary with the user s timezone locale and user preferences. If request is a string
Calculate the linear gradient between start and end with the given number of nbins.
Calculate the boundaries of a numpy array.
Load a language into the environment and install it to the database.
Return True if the minion is a virtual minion or False if it is not a virtual minion
Compute the inverse of the inverse of the inverse of the inverse of the inverse of the inverse
A simple form tag that renders a form in a form - specific way.
Add a list of sources to a list of paths.
Get the session id for the given username and password. Returns None if there is no session
Return True if the given user is a prereg admin.
Update the server info file in the repository.
Initialize the module with the given state and return the module object.
Entry point for the command line tool. This is the entry point for the command line tool
Get all volumes in a group.
Freezes a command.
Mark a string for escaping. The string can be either a bytes object or a promise.
Installs the python module and runs the test command.
Get the console output for a single server.
Generate a histogram for the given qual file and write it to the given output directory.
Generate a random UUID.
Return a list of items in a queue.
Display a list of resources in a human - readable format.
Generate a signed JWT.
Get the full path to the config file for the given atom.
Mstep tied.
Destroy a consistency group.
Decrypts the given keyfile using the environment variables encrypted key iv and out file.
Split source code and text blocks into code and text blocks.
Find all actions with the given prefix in the given namespace and return them as a dict.
Returns the first value in a list. If the list is empty returns a string.
Get the sms service for the given username and access token. If no information is provided the
Move old file name to new file name with chunk size num. If allow overwrite is True
Plot a line between two data points. The lines are colored according to the given colors.
Get the index of the screen at the given ruling separation width and screen ord
Remove the config file from the pack directory if it exists.
Blend two channels using the hard lighting algorithm.
Remove the last num parts of the path from the end of the path and replace it with
Get the timezone to use for the display.
Get the EC2 attach status from a volume dict.
Load extra data for a given user. If no user is given the user will be created
Pick a mailbox from a list of mailboxes.
Check if a variable is set by the CLI.
Download and extract cifar10 dataset.
Test oss with wrong object.
Create a new figure manager given a figure object.
Returns a URL for the given path. The path can be a string or a list of
Set up django. contrib. contrib. contrib. contrib. django_urls and django.
The name set in the method signature is the name set in the method signature. The name
Show a list of leads assigned to a user.
Return a queryset for a given model or a query set.
Computes the softmax of mat. If no target is given the matrix is returned.
Temporarily replace ampersand characters in a string.
Get a colormap by name or lut.
Run a command and return its return code and output.
Change the values in the given table to be integers.
Check if a given lun id is available on a given host.
Get a list of all jobs that match the given filter. If no filter is given all
Return the value of a configuration key. If the key does not exist return the default value
Calculate the checksum of a 16 - bit fletcher packet.
Merge a list of dicts into a single dictionary.
Export a course to a tar archive.
Returns the alpha shard of the word.
Extract want line capabilities from text.
Generate num random rows from an array.
Return a copy of x with the identity of x.
Get a list of all change ids for a given user and site.
Get the current import stack level for a hook.
Delete all telemetry alarms for the given deployment id. If no id is given all
Set dnsmasq facts.
Create a control service and a client for the given test case using the given reactor.
Returns True if a nibabel is available. If tkr is True the nibabel is
Get the normalized normals of a portion of a direction.
Print a list member that was removed from the list. This function is called when a list
Publish the given course key to the queue of credit tasks for the given course key.
Display a screenshot of a given review request.
Format the attachments to be sent to the server.
Run cpaste on the given code. If should is True it will fail otherwise it will
Get the context for the current page. If the current page is an instance of Page then
Return True if the given value is an inf number.
Return a short version of the Python interpreter.
Find the position of the first vowel in a string.
Convert the input to a theano expression.
Sine subtraction using the Sine algorithm.
Returns a list of people that match the given query. If the query does not match the
Render an alert button.
Checks if the response provides CSP features.
Return a no - op tuple that can be used to load an object from the database.
Test that the source spaces have the same length as the source spaces in the file fname.
Return a string that can be used to run a flow. This is useful for debugging.
Return the hostname of the local machine or None if it s not running.
Encrypt the given ciphertext with the given source and destination key. The source and destination key must
Check if an ori is not none and raise an error if it is not.
Run a command and return its output.
Create a network with fully connected and fully connected layers for the expanded training data and validation data
Run tests in the context of the current module. If the current module is a module the
Get the number of jobs running on a given date. If no date is given the current
Collect all bears from a list of sections.
Return the length of the Quopri header in a bytearray.
Get the name of the response cell from a routing path.
Remove users from an ACL group.
Test the relative value of the activation function.
Returns a trace entry for a given gj and p i in dxtrav.
Create a global variable with the given name and value. If builder is provided it will be
Evaluate the given equation and return the result as a JSON object.
Return the amount of memory in Xen. This is the amount of memory in Xen
Adds a tag to the context. If the addon is not present in the context it will
Test for radian base.
Get the preamp of an audio equalizer.
Delete a snapshot s metadata. If the snapshot does not exist it will be created.
Remove tags from a trail.
Parse a user s command - line rule and return a dict with the parsed command - line
Entry point for the command line tool. This is the entry point for the command line tool
Get or create a badge based on a template.
Log an attribute of an object. If log is set to True the attribute will be logged
Scrape HTML from cruft and return it. If plain text is set to True
Convert a fixture to a list of table tuples.
Set the current user in the context of the current thread.
Output a message with indentation level.
Test for HTML table format.
Return True if the given subreddit is visible.
The main entry point for the application.
Forgot password for anonymous users. Forgot password for anonymous users will be redirected to the
Check if a file exists. If not exit with a non - zero exit code.
Return a string representing the inv expiry date. If the date is in the past it will
Import a pylab module into a namespace.
Returns a list of all suffixes.
Try to get a string from the device. If the index is not found default is returned
Make a new id based on settings. simple_ids setting. If setting. simple_
Validate bucket name.
Mark the value as safe and return it as a string. If the value is not safe
List the changes that have been made to the cloud search.
Detect the lines in a diff string and return a dictionary with the file paths as keys and
Write a debug message to a file in a format that can be used for debugging purposes.
Get the vendor name from a pci id.
test plot of montage
Return the full path to a file in the qutebrowser package.
Shuffles an iterable with randomness.
Browse the other branch of the current user.
Shorten a name to a maximum length.
Return a permutation of n - grams from the Rubik - Rubik algorithm
Add a list of filters to the cpplint state.
Get the currently logged in user or None if there is no logged in user.
Test for compiling a pyc script.
Mock os. path. expandvars expanduser and path. join with a side effect.
Stop the running salt - minion process and return the output from the salt - minion.
Execute the next evaluator in the list of evaluators and remove the evaluator from the list.
Get an access token for the given authorization code.
Manage a list of servers. If no servers are specified the list of servers will be used
Change the value of an object field to a new value and return the old value.
Default threadable predictors.
Pushes a term to the callback if the term is not longer than the number of characters
Toggles the labels of the plot. If label is str the labels are togg
Update a course in the store. If id is not passed it will be added to the
Remove any symbolic links in a directory and all of its sub - directories. If verbose is
Update dict d with values from other. Raise exception if any key is already in d.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the virtual machine is running on this minion.
Check if the given hash is used.
Return gdal version as a string.
Get the synonym of a text.
Wait for an element to be present.
test nm3 wrong nn obj
Return a mock of the OC command.
Attach total points to a queryset.
Return the index of the first occurrence of token in source starting at start. If throw is
Return a list of all the GIDs for a given user. If no user is given
Check if the given token is a valid token in the given string.
Dispatch a function to an operating system.
List existing DHCP networks.
Get the version of a package from the results string. Returns none if the package is not
Return the value of an option or None if the option is not present.
Apply a function to each element of an array and return the result as a numpy array.
Apply a function synchronously. If callback is not None the function will be called with the result
Parse a file and return a generator of trees.
Compare two sccs strings. The first character must be an integer. The second character must
Returns an iterator over the keys in the dictionary d.
Deletes the console with the given id.
Get the path to the configuration file for the Paste deployment. Return none if the file
Return a block matrix where each row is a slice of the expression. The column and row
Validates that the value of the option is one of the given choices. If the option is
Temporarily change the current working directory to the given directory.
Distill the naming settings from a dictionary.
Clean a URL and return it as a string. If the URL has a query string it
Encode a list of strings into a byte string and return the result as a byte string.
Return a list of all files in a remote.
Test the proxy for a GET request. The proxy is a proxy that will be used to
Get the master status of the server.
Fix all html files in the given container to make sure they have been parsed and dirty.
get module with given directory path and file name
Run a p4 command and return its exit code or raise an exception if it fails.
Test gmail missing sent messages.
Create a new load balancer
Return a url that is from the given spider.
Unescapes backslashes and backslashes in the given text. If restoreBackslashes is
Assert that source string is equal to target string and that target string is not equal to skip
Save a password in the keyring.
Get repository by name and owner.
Return the index of the given degree in the given order.
Get information about a given job id.
Check if the format string is a memoryview format.
Perform a multivariate GCDEL search on a multivariate polynomial. If u is True
Read a cache from a file - like object stream.
Encode a message into a binary string.
Return the number of processes in the system. If the environment variable is not present return multiprocessing
Inspects an object and raises an exception if the object is not an instance of the class
Parse an ID from a string. If the string is not a valid ID return None.
Read the data from the CSV file and create a new dataframe with the county data.
Submits multiple values to a form with the same name as the first one in the form
Returns a copy of the keyword arguments passed to the function. The keyword arguments are passed to
Arping an IP from src to dst in the given namespace. If source is not specified
Return a list of all nodes in the cloud
Generate an optimized workbook and print the elapsed time in seconds. This is done by optimising
Split text into x and labels and return them as a tuple. The first element is the
Create a translation project with the given language and project.
Get a list of DNS host names associated with a given network.
Returns a dictionary of extra data to be added to the debug context.
Display a list of objects from a given album or a list of albums.
Get the context for a given template line and number of lines. If line is greater than
Run a command on the capfd and check that the command is in the correct format.
Add a gain command to be replayed. This command can be used to replay the gain
Solves a function f with a given symbol in radical order. Returns a set of
Create a GPG key.
Test uninstall entry point for a given console scripts.
Get the crafted text from the archive.
Return a list of events sorted by week and action. If all is True return all events
Return the current code name for the given segment.
Get the value of an attribute from the given dictionary object. If the attribute does not exist
Return True if w is a short syllable.
Return a dictionary of the values for the given key in the given base dictionary.
Generate a list of auth response strings from a list of Chall objects.
Get the current selection of the model. The selection is cached and returned in a cache.
Create a JUnit test suite with the given test name test case name and test message.
Apply an operation to a sequence. The operation can be str translate or back. The operation
Returns a list of formatted error messages from a dictionary of errors.
Create a directory if it doesn t already exist.
Get a list of plugin updates that can be installed on the system.
Get a list of all programs and their types. If no user is given all programs are
Convert a v4 int to a packed byte string.
Return the name of a process.
Acquire a lock on the current thread. If the lock is already acquired the lock will be
Convert an object name to a class name.
Get the OpenStack client for the given version of OpenStack.
Softplus logarithm of the logarithm of the logarithm of the logarithm of the
Mix a song into a song list. If the song is not in the list it will
Check the web root of a path.
Convert a buffer type to a buffer size.
Check to see if a user is logged in and if so add it to a queue.
Compute the neweywest covariance matrix.
Check if a process with the given pid exists.
Returns True if the current process is the main process.
Returns True if attrname is a protected attribute. attrname must start with a letter and
Handle the validation of the hrm training event. This function is called when the form is
Get the perimeter width of an element.
Process an image file and convert it to RGB or JPEG.
Update Google Analytics for a given date. If no date is given the current date is used
Convert a string to a unicode string.
Publish the liveaction and the execution.
Restore a Sonos service to its initial state.
Add media to the media list.
Get the content type of a message.
Get collection summaries for a list of models matching a list of ids.
Create a new internet gateway.
Get the command from the given state.
Flush all n customer records in the database. This is a test function that flushes all
Return the directory of the ipython package.
Arrange widgets in the dashboard.
Merge a token back into a list of tokens. If the last token is not a token
Get the audit log directory.
Write an SVG file to a file in the Skeinforge project.
Evaluates the GF function f a p and k. Returns the GF result.
Set the cbreak mode for the given file descriptor.
Register a pycom category.
p parameter list 2
Get the descriptive extension for the given gcode.
Return the line and offset of the given cell at the given cursor position.
Get the data for a given job id.
End recording the current request.
Create an instance of the SimpleWiki class based on the environment variable simplewiki. database.
Capitalize the first letter of a string.
Run the flake command.
Unpurge a list of packages and return a dict of the old and new purged packages
Check if a signature is valid for the request body and the signature field in the request headers
Get the config directory. If it doesn t exist create it. If it doesn t exist
Calculate the hamming distance between two strings.
Build a URL from scheme user password host port path query. If sanitize is set to True
Check if the given email address is valid. If not raise an error.
Validate customization args against a list of customization specs.
Get the credentials for a given provider. If the credentials are expired the credentials are returned.
Check if the logical line is in the filename. If it is it will be ignored.
Demonstrates how to use the string rule format for a postag file.
Get the preferred IP address for a given VM.
Get the output of the given command. If no output is available None is returned.
Capture stdout and stderr for a given logger. If the str argument is set to True the
Apply pygments syntax to the given value.
Perform a pip upgrade on the specified environment. If no environment is specified the current environment is
Count the real roots of a function f at a given degree k. If inf or sup
Return a list of missing files in dest dir.
Discover the content type and content type for a given URI.
Perform a trigonometric interpolation of x and y with precision precision.
Convert a penn or verb tag to a wordnet.
test pprint py3 bytes
Computes the rosen derivation function of the input array x.
Returns a mock response with a status code of 200 if the user is logged in.
Compile a node into a string.
Get the title of a media player.
Convert an Excel file to a database.
Group a list of version strings into a list of lists of lists of versions.
Spawns a coroutine and returns a coroutine that will be called with the result of the
Create a set from a CFUNCTYPE. cfset is the offset of the CFUN
Returns a dictionary with the user and permissions for the given request. The dictionary contains the user
Get the key from a function or string. If the function is not callable return the default
Add a security group to an instance.
Unlocalizes the given value.
Return a list of bootstrap modules.
List all the files in the given folder that are on the given agent.
Return a resource of the given type for the given package.
Check if the given text is a valid string.
Install a new version from a given manifest in a given directory. If a versioneer file
Evaluate the location at the given offset in the given module.
Toggles a query string parameter from a GET request. If multi is set to True
Get all groups of all containers in the inventory.
test cache config enable
Delete an SSH key from the user s private key store.
Convert a string to a S3 string. If the input is already a string return it
Called when a ping message is received from the database. This is a listener for the ping
Create a video object from a string or int.
Convert a byte string to an integer using the least significant bit in the first byte.
Remove all errors from the suppressions list. This is useful when you want to clear the
Loads a bitmap from a file. If the file does not exist an exception is raised.
Fit an OSS model and assert that the fit was successful.
A simple test to show the completion of a string. This test will show the completion of
Return a list of dicts of articles for the given language. If the language is not available
The main entry point for the application. This is the main entry point for the application.
Return True if the function accepts the given kwarg.
Return the default shell to use for a given JID. If the JID is not
Generate a model for the given root class. The model is a dictionary where the key is
Create a new instance of the class with the given name module and members filtered by the given
Validate a course id.
Test the locale of the html page. This is useful when you want to test the locale
Reload a module from the current working directory.
Test the zeroing of the cosmology.
Post a message to the vim console.
Return the tangent of the vector rv.
Generate n random floats from the td file.
Return the default mappings for a given list of machines.
Parse a range header value and return a tuple of the first and last ranges.
Generate a tarball from a source file.
Check if the named service is enabled. If the service is not enabled a message will be
Get a new skirt repository.
Queue a value as a priority. If the value is an integer it will be converted to
Store the results directory in a tar. gz file in the results directory.
Decode a UTF - 7 encoded string into a UTF - 8 encoded string.
Set up the test database. If force is set to True then tear down the test
Create a list ACL entry from an XML string.
Return the server id for the given identity or none if no such server exists.
Apply a named policy to the current context. If the policy does not exist it will be
Get the default context for the view.
Test for fixes on 2. 0. 0. 0. 0 and 2. 0.
Test date labels.
Returns a list of messages for the current user.
Set the offset from begin to end by multiplier. The multiplier must be a power of 2
Get the label of a sentiment.
Create a WSGI server.
Return a title from a list of columns or none if none is given.
Decorate a function with a dummy function.
Return a dictionary of the configuration values for the current minion. If the minion is not running
Return a list of all the keys in the system.
A list of topics for the current user.
Clean a URL by removing all non - alphanumeric characters from the beginning and end of the URL
Decode the received bitvec and return the correct number of bits and the number of synd
Import a book from a JSON stream.
Create a set of assemblies with the given number of times.
Get a horizontally bounded path.
Create a new task info object and store it in the global data dictionary.
test json view with bad request content and error message.
Return a list of email addresses for the given group and review request.
Set the repliers to be executed in the context of the current script.
MungeMungeMungeMungeMungeMunge
Create a rectangle of size width x height with the given dtype.
Return a list of paths to verify the certificate authority. If cafile or capath is
Return the long description of the package.
Return the request URI from the given environ. If include query is True the query string will
Sort a string and return it as a string. If s is a string it will be
Get a list of files from the archive. If the file is a directory return a list
Return a directed graph of the degree of the given sequence. The graph is a directed graph
Get a secret from the secret manager and print it to the console. The loop is stopped
Initialize the module with the given state.
Update a block in the test store.
Returns the id of the item or None if the item is not a dict.
Initialize a new eye gaze.
Create a formset with the given model.
Test that the width of a gridspec is the same as the width of a cell.
Return a pseudo - breadcrumbs string for the given key.
List files in a bucket.
Get a single item from a list. If the list is empty return default.
Save a string to a file with the given format.
Search for a command in a list of paths. If the command is found it is returned
Check if the given directory is a package directory.
Return a list of all modules in the system. If packages is set to True the modules
Creates a chain of transports. The first argument is the name of the transport and the second
Mock inline CSS by using a monkeypatch.
Interprets a string as minutes and returns a dict.
Get the summary of a commit.
Ensure that the current thread is the Qt GUI thread. If headless is set to True
Get the value of the expression in the context of the given element. If the expression is
Return a list of all the new mods in the list pre and post.
Get the model matrix.
Unpack a ZIP file into the given directory.
Get the encryption headers for the given key. If the key is none return an empty dict
get matching files from all fastq files mapping read indicator barcode indicator and mapping from all fastq files
Get a model by its identifier. If the model is not found None will be returned.
Get adjacency matrix from redirects and page links file.
Return a tuple of translation rotation and translation from a list of quaternions.
Draw a bounding box using a renderer.
Create a fake payment in the database.
End an event with the given value. If the value is None the event is ignored.
Check if the user is authenticated with the Git Hub API.
Add the default variables and functions to the variables and functions dictionary. If case sensitive is True
Test if remote url is a list of urls.
Set up the platform for use with the arest switch.
Test if config does not exist.
Validates that the resource type is not longer than the maximum length of the attribute value.
Computes the Fflayer of a state with respect to the given state below and the given
Remove a database from the Postgres server.
Return the factorization of the n - th element of the number n. If n is
Get the last modification time of a file.
Load the window size of the specified section.
Check if filename is on cleanup list. Return True if filename is on cleanup list False otherwise
Called when a plugin is shut down.
Print a warning and exit the program with the given number as the exit code.
Return True if value is a mod num.
Get the size of a screen as a 2 - tuple.
Parse a repl hex escape sequence and return the result as an integer. Raise an error if
Apply a function to each item in an index. If the index is a multi - index
Performs an atomic benchmark of the given estimator on the given instance.
View a CSRF token.
Split a bezier into two segments using a closed path. The path is assumed to be in
Remove all quotes from a word if it is a string. If it is a string return
Connect a function to the bool triggered by the given action. The function will be called when
Validate that the value is a valid domain name. If the value is not a valid domain
Return the next multiple of n in the range [ 0 n ) where n < = k
Get the username and id from the hist api.
Report the current state of the tracker.
computes the observation matrix for a single word and returns the derivative of the observation matrix.
Connect to a cloudsearch2 layer.
Get the number of nodes in the graph. The number of nodes is the number of nodes
Return a pre - escaped version of the given text.
Signs a certificate using the default CA. Returns the signed certificate or raises an error if
Return a list of public names from a list of lists.
Replace all non - alphanumeric characters in x with a single Unicode character.
Normalize a list of hosts to a list of dicts.
Create all categories for a webapp. This is the main entry point for the addon webapp.
Build the command line arguments for the install command.
Replace all occurrences of a regex match with a string and return the result. If no match
Create a vif spec and attach it to the given vif. If the vif
Add the path to the sys. path list and return the normalized path.
Generate library options from libraries dirs runtime libraries dirs and libraries.
Get the cache object.
Convert a list of modifiers to a dictionary of boolean values.
Download a remote file or directory to a local file.
Return the virtual memory of the system.
Select items from a selector that are not present in a cache.
Suspend a virtual machine
Validate a password against a guess.
Returns true if there is a name overlap between the two given names. Returns false otherwise.
Generate a new uuid with version low mid version variant and clock sequence. If node is none
Convert a range string to a set of integers.
Check to see if a plan is absent.
Create a directory if it doesn t exist. If it doesn t exist it will be created
Return True if we have a pyrex implementation.
Return the current selection of the model.
Sign in a user with an OpenID response. If the user is already logged in it will
Read a text file and return it as a string. If the file cannot be read fallback
Return the default entry point for this package.
Return a list of all services on the minion
Go to the given URL and return the response.
Print a string to the console. This is useful when you want to print a string to
Check if a user exists in the database.
Tidy HTML from a file or directory. This is a low - level utility function.
Convert an iterable to UTF - 8. If x is a string convert it to UTF -
Compile a template string into an ast. Node object.
Test that the mne. locs file has the same contents as the installed mne.
Get the path to the preference file. The path is relative to the base directory of the
A web route that returns a gzip encoded version of the content of the request.
Gather the pillar data from the salt master and return it as a dict. If override is
Read a file and return it as a string. If the file does not exist it will
Generate a random string of length l.
Read a bitpacked boolean from a file - like object.
Turn on or off the port.
Return an event object for the given connection.
Clear compatversion cache on addon delete event.
Handle the given target in the context of the current context.
Switch to the v5 version of the application.
Assert that actual and desired are all close to desired.
Parse the given multipath rule and return a dict with the parsed arguments.
Create a demo grid with a single cbar. The cbar will be plotted in
Send a variable to a destination and return the result as a tuple.
Generate S3 include for debug. js files.
Return the current system encoding or the default encoding if none is set.
Publishes a course to the database.
Register a namespace alias.
Get a new fabmetheus repository.
Run a split command on a file and return True if the command was successful False otherwise.
Convert a JSON encoded string to a list of strings.
Get the value of a key as a dictionary.
Generate an RST file for the given app.
Reverses the given viewname with the given arguments and returns an absolute URL.
Floor the number of seconds to the nearest multiple of the number of seconds.
test frame attr transform to inherit from other frame attributes. test frame attr transform to inherit from
Reset the alfred screen to its initial state.
Check if the given host is a full volume.
Move a file or folder to the trash.
Return a copy of a dictionary.
Split a string into a list of strings with the given number of characters per string.
Generate a list of shells and commands to be executed in a single shell.
Clear all environment variables from the database. This is a no - op if the database is
Check if the request is an embed. If it is abort the request and return none.
Convert a scalar value to a FITS format.
Redirect the user to the hardlink page.
Colorize an image. If randomize is set to True the color will be randomly selected
Return a list of all of the SQL statements for the given style and connection.
Send an e - mail to the specified email address.
Convert an ISO - 8601 timestamp to a javascript timestamp.
Collect the javascript modules for the given addon configs.
Set up the list of functions to be used in the SQLMap. The list of functions
Test the administration of a module or a list of modules. If the module is a
Create a throttle layout for a remote bulkloader.
Copy a struct from one model to another.
Parse a server string into an address and port tuple. If the string is not a valid
Generate a random password and a hashed password.
Ground to the nth value in the list f. If n is greater than the number
Decompose a matrix from the right side to the left side and return the result as a
Set the opacity of an image.
Return the number of characters after the last character of a string.
Queue osf4m welcome email.
Return the recurrence term of a recurrence function.
Shift the given time by the given number of seconds.
Create a vswitch port group.
Split a path into a zip archive and a path to the zip file.
Run all the exit functions in the queue. If an exception is raised it will be raised
Download the latest pdfjs file and update it to the specified version. If no version is
Test that no data is present in the table.
Return a list of the default providers to use for the payment.
Return a tuple with the name of the virtual machine or False if the system is not installed
Set the value of a configuration key. If no value is given the default value will be
Calculate the score from a local directory.
Get the carving mesh for the given file.
Get a fixed IP address by its address.
Return True if the current time is UTC False otherwise.
Return a color string if the settings. no_colors is True otherwise it returns a string
Check that a slug is valid. If it s not raise an error. If it s
Associate a fixed IP address with an instance.
Check if a file should be skipped based on the extension of the file name.
Sends an e - mail to the user s admins. If no admins are configured the message
Test function for z. This function is used to test if the test function is called.
Change the value of an enum column in a table. If the column does not exist it
Check if an IP is in a proxy. If it is return the protocol types and speed
Remove the last XML tag from the end of the file fname. If no tag is given
Get a vector3 from a complex path.
Set the configurator for the plugin.
Register treebuilders from a module.
Decodes a unicode string using the UU algorithm. Returns the decoded string and the number of
Return True if the given text is contained in the file at the given path.
Create a connection to the cognito identity layer.
Check if a port is in the busy state. If it is return it. Otherwise return
Returns True if s is a valid identifier False otherwise.
Encode data and key into a base64 - encoded cookie.
Sends an e - mail to a list of recipients.
Returns True if the word is quoted. If the word is longer than the number of characters
Sanitize a filename to make sure it is a string and strips leading and trailing whitespace
Create a backup of the current database. This will create a backup of the current database.
List tables in a dataset.
Convert xfsdump output to a dictionary.
Concatenate a list of operators into a new array of size size.
Get a list of all file paths in a given directory.
Create an entoken from a text stream.
Override bytes from content type in the given dictionary.
Return a list of all keys for a user. If no user is given all keys are
Fix the line ending of a string in a string.
A test function to plot a string in the baseline image. The baseline image is used to
Create a legendre sequence of size n using the given k. The legendre sequence is
Set the value of an option to a list of strings.
Validate the background color of a color string.
Create a database table for the items and assessments in the database.
Figure out a file from the database and return it as a dictionary. If the file
Add sub menus for a plugin to a craft type menu. The craft type is
Get the dot product of two complex numbers.
Return a dict of the available sizes for this minion. If no arguments are passed the system
Remove empty lines from a string and return it as a string.
Pops a connection off the stack and returns it.
Generate a list of handlers to be used in a YAML file.
Check if a change is a valid filepath. If so return it. Otherwise raise an error
Retry a function until it throws an exception.
Call a method on an object with the given args and kwargs. If the object is None
Return a tuple of unique items from a sequence that are not in a reference.
Profile the gradient of a function.
test dbapi raw w pool n is bool n is bool n is bool n is bool
Collect static files from a folder to the application s static folder.
Check if a given environment is created by conda.
Return True if the patch module has been executed. Return False if the patch module has not
Check if the svn executable is installed and if so return the name of the svn
Set up the platform with the given config and add the devices to the Hass instance.
Compute the outer product of x and y.
Return a string with spaces removed. If keep spaces is set to True spaces will be kept
Temporarily patch os. environ with new values.
Examine the mbox and add a callback to the message proto. The callback will
Count the righthand zero bits in a number.
Soft - sign the input tensor.
Get a fingerprint from an SSH key.
Test the curvature of a binary file.
Add a function s stats to the target function s stats.
Boot a kernel and run a function on the VM. If a function is provided it will
Return a replacement for the dst link in the links dict.
Convert nanoseconds to a human - readable duration string.
Sync the database with the current version. If no version is given the current version is used
Clean the cache by removing all instances of the most recently used class from the cache. This
Get the total size of the backup files for a given service.
Validates the given path against the given validator. If the path does not contain the given element
Return the first mac address found in the lanscan system.
Find all top - level loops in a CFG.
Return a list of all events in the cluster.
Deserializes the given value. If secret is set to True the value will be decrypted using
Return the search form for the given request.
Return True if the given module is a submodule of the given package.
Get the result of a test suite.
Edit an existing opportunity.
Get a foreign key from a model and a parent model. If no name is given the
Normalize a path to be relative to the root of the path.
Show the changes of a config.
Convert a dictionary to a numpy array of the same length as the keys of the dictionary.
Remove a port from a zone to another. If permanent is set to True the port will
Build a simple border swiping network.
Return a list of all the parameters in the given object. If fields is not specified all
Get crafted text from gcode.
Return True if filename ends with tor or not.
Return a blaze expression by name.
The main entry point for the wsgi application.
Print a list of strings to a file.
Check to see if a launch configuration exists.
Return a slugified version of a string using the settings. slugify module.
Get a dummy set of effects for the given exog and dummy ind.
Convert a value to a boolean.
Return a list of all the roots of all environments in the current environment.
Add the surrounding loop starting at the given z - coordinate.
extend mode to code. mode must be a string or a number. mode must be a
Get the email of the given user.
Convert an IPv4 address to an IPv6 address and return it as a unicode string.
Returns True if the string s is a leading tab - delimited string.
Called when the module is initialized. This function is called when the module is initialized.
Calculate the correlation between two data sets.
Render a HJSON file into a Python dictionary.
Return the constraint name for a given table referenced by a referenced table and the given columns.
Restore a database from a file.
Return the index of the first non - whitespace character in the given logical line.
Get a list of report credits for a given sub - project.
Return True if the minion has started running or False if the minion has not started running.
Parse a query string and return a Query object.
Get the table from the request. If the request is a dynamic table return the dynamic table
Escape markdown sections in text. If snob is set to True the text will be escaped
Check if the result is a pointer to a pointer or not. If not raise an exception
Parse a HTTP date string into a datetime. datetime object.
Format a URL for use in a request. If use is True it will format the URL
Render a pareto cdf.
Get the new directory for the given command.
Test the nearest neighbours of the model.
Create a new zone from a template string.
Grant a role to a group.
Dump a sequence of Python objects into a string. If stream is not provided it will be
Convert a string to an integer and ensure that it is in the range [ 0 num )
Notify the user that a password has been changed.
Extract read to sample id mapping from a list of labels.
Refreshes the info cache for the given instance.
Returns True if attrname is a private attribute. attrname can be a string or a
Run JSHint. js in the context of the current working directory.
Copy a folder from source to destination. If destination already exists it will be removed.
Resizes an image to the specified width.
Proxy the given token to the given serializer. If the token is not exposed it will be
Creates a thread that runs f in a background thread. The thread is started in a new
Calculates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval.
Calculate the angle between p and x in a ring with a constant domain.
Return a list of all available driver names.
Get the pickleable type of this class.
Return a matrix of zeros of length n with length nt where n is the number of elements
Return the skewness of xs in the standardized moment space.
Create a new consumer for the given request.
Parse the privs string into a dictionary of privilege sets.
Check if a repository is blacklisted.
Return the location of the S3 bucket.
Import a class from a dotted path. The dotted path can contain a module path a class
Emit a problem submitted event.
Generate a MGF with a given seed and mask length and a given hash.
Format a date as a natural time.
Check if result is zero. If it is raise a geospy. exceptions. Ge
Release a port for a given host.
Swap the i - th monomonomonomonom with the i - th monomonom
Update the sitemonitor element with the data from the data dict.
Update a list with the given name mode and description. If no name is given the list
Convert a corpus to a VW string.
Create a new index in the storage backend.
Convert a string to a regular expression.
Assert that the logical line is of the same type as the expected type.
Setup the platform with the LiteJet data.
Setup the join cache for the given sender.
Attach total points to a queryset.
Add all vertexes from a geometry to a list of vertexes.
Get the user s online state.
Get a file object from the filesystem. If file is a file object it will be opened
Derive a sequence from a graph. The sequence is a list of all intervals in the
Get a torrent from Xunlei.
Create a new Wsgi resource with the given options.
Process a message notification. This is called when a message is received from a remote node.
Check the number of citations in the XML file.
Return html with absolute urls.
Escape a string into a null string. This is useful when you want to escape a string
Activate a package.
Return True if the element at toppath is in progress False otherwise.
Remove a role from the database.
Check if path is a directory.
Use a redis connection. If no connection is given a new one will be created.
Test consistency of random streams.
Route to the password reset page.
Convert a frequency string to a period number.
Create a new spinner with the given message and start it. The spinner is started when the
Return True if the LDAP group members are disabled.
Split a tag into a namespace and a tag string. If the tag is not a namespace
Retain the horizontal spacing of all tokens in the given UWLine.
Test if a string is a valid RGB color.
Execute a command in a MySQL database.
Get the path to the CA certificate file.
Extract nested cases from a case node and add them to a list of statements.
Return a list of lines for a given exception type and value. If etype is a base
Return a dictionary of all callables in the given module.
Return a list of files in a specific environment
Returns a dummy model parameters dictionary.
Return a list of all subclasses of the given class.
Test the output formats of a FITS file.
Return a human - readable representation of the contact with the given id. If show = True
Return the full module name for a given path. If the path is in sys. path
Parse a string into a Python object and return a tuple of the object and the method name
Re - generate a certificate for a student.
Convert a list of names to a DNS representation.
Show information about a network.
Returns an empty float.
Computes the l2 projection of a function f on a basis set basis.
Return the plugin to use for this tag. This is the name of the plugin to use
Returns the column index of the first occurrence of num in strg starting at loc.
Get the server certificate for a given server address.
Return the product of a and b.
Log a raw string to the IRC server.
Parse a date string or datetime object into a datetime. date object. If the value is
Try to infer the value of the given node and return it. If the value cannot be
Setup the platform with the given configuration. If no configuration is specified the default configuration is used
Unescape special characters in the given text.
Create a set of colors for the given number of colors.
Discards a line from the current cursor position in the clipboard.
Sort a list of dicts by their signature. This is used to sort a list of dicts
Generate the SQL statement for destroying all indexes for all models in the app.
Get the description of a video chapter.
Return the full path to a program in the current working directory or None if not found.
Update the local git repository with the latest changes from the remote repository.
Register a new user in the session. If the user is already a vouched user
Schedule a job for a given number of hours and minutes. If the job is already scheduled
Unlock an entity. If no entity id or code is provided the entity will be unlocked.
Set the classes in the options dictionary if they are not already set in the options dictionary.
Run a test of the subreddit uploader with the given subreddit names.
Return True if the XBPS output is installed False otherwise.
Return a tuple of path and stage for the given entry. If the entry is a tuple
Parse a comment from the source and return it as a unicode object.
Test for an error on a temporary directory to a file link on a temporary directory.
Test that all built - in modules have a subclass of the exception class.
Test protocol 0 regression.
Convert an object to a dictionary of serializables.
Parse an arxiv url and return the id and version.
Start an S3 application on the given port.
Parse the command - line arguments.
Format a traceback as a list of strings. Optionally limit the number of strings to return.
Check the response from a reCAPTCHA challenge.
Add a constructor for a given tag.
Read the index from the file - like object f. Returns an iterator over the entries.
Remove all keys that are not in the metafile and return a set of modified keys.
Plot a predictive sample of the posterior.
A test to get the version of qtbot on the server.
Format a size into a human - readable string.
Get the affinity information for a given vcpu in a given task.
Generate HTML coverage report for the given command line arguments.
Get geometry output by arguments.
Format an issue object into a dictionary with the keys assignee label names and milestone.
Authenticates a user and returns True if the user is logged in False if not.
Test if opendocx is an lxml. etree. element.
Wrap the given text with the given keyword arguments and return the wrapped text as a list of
Display a site s location in s3db. org.
Check if a procedure is done in the given GCode text.
Get the best fitness and quality for a mime type and a list of parsed media ranges.
Check if a unit is available.
Check if a release is in an episode.
Download an object from S3 to a local file on S3.
Return the loved karma query. If no query is found return a string.
A context manager that copies a file from source to a temporary file in the temporary directory.
Return a list of period names for the given locale.
Disable all decoders. If allowed is specified only serializers that are allowed are disabled.
Test the attributes of a mixin.
Generate n samples and n features from the dataset. If n features is greater than the number
Instruments the rendering of the template and returns the rendered template.
Get a dictionary of image names for a given user.
Describes the distributon of the given file. If the file does not exist
List all servers in a Haroxy backend.
Convert a JSON row to a tuple of data.
Get the first word of a line.
Check to see if a domain exists.
Crop and append a new image to the end of the image.
Test the number of reads in a file.
Evaluate the given expression and return the result as a Python object.
Return a copy of f with values from sympy to u with values from sympy.
Test to call the prompt with process json and read the user s data.
Return the path of a file in the current working directory. This is the same as cp
Check that the argument is a valid type. If it is not raise an error with the
Return a WML document from the given docx. If no docx is given the
Deserialize a pickle string into a Python object.
Return True if the given request is in the given environ. If the request is a router
Set the interactive object.
Process an element node.
Get the traceback for a given thread id.
Test a file from a given url.
Given a list of recipients return a list of email addresses that can be used to review the
Returns a URL - safe version of s. If s is a unicode string it will be
Set the current process s GID to gid if it is different from the current one.
Register a list of class factories with the pythoncom library.
Ensure that an alias is absent.
Create a vswitch port group.
Process an XML element.
Display a list of all review requests for a given user in a given site.
List all repos in a base directory.
Return a generator that yields all indirect adjacent nodes from left to right in the cache cache.
Write plist to a resource file.
Gathers a bootstrap script from the cloud and returns it as a tuple. If the bootstrap
Proxy for division of x and y. The type of x and y must be discrete.
Test plotting the epochs in an image.
Install the coverage. txt file for all prerequisites in the project.
Create an exception from an error element.
Assert that the logical line is a true instance of the class.
Test the height ratios of a gridspec.
Register all of the models in the database.
Split a command line into a list of strings.
Return the number of intra community edges in a partition.
Compute the kruskal probability of an array of numbers.
Get the comment app name.
Create a new figure manager and return a figure manager object.
Repeat the elements of an array along a given axis.
Get an e - mail address from the user.
Set the default values for the settings object. This is the default value for the settings object
Check if the given language code is available in the current locale.
Test for galactic three components.
Change the name of a table space. If the table does not exist it will create it
Display the uptime of a hypervisor.
Test derived cols from lists.
Return True if docstrings are disabled.
Run a command in a shell.
Copy modified jars from appscale home to web - inf directory.
Suspends a VM. Returns True if the VM is paused False otherwise.
Configure the database with the given options. If the database does not exist it will be created
Return the status of the S3 API.
Scan the database and return the default scan result. If no scan result is found return None
Get a single release by id.
Open a text file and return an io. Text object.
Get a list of all processes that are reachable from the given pid. If include is True
Calculate the path to a photo file in the mozspace photo dir.
get html string from lxml. html. parse_to_string
convert text nodes to text nodes for autosummary table
Check if the user is in the pyenv. If not add it to the ret dict
Return True if any of the values in vv is an instance of host from gpu.
Returns True if all ancestors of the given page are published in the given language.
Create a button on the given client. The button is added to the client s list of
Generate an event id from a name and a list of event types.
Parse a line of text into a pkginfo object. Returns none if the line is not
Run le autocompletion on a given virtual environment.
Raise an error if the given value is not the same as the given value.
Update blade config with a string or list of strings. If a string is passed it will
Generate a template from the given node.
Convert a Module object to a dictionary.
Write a value to a JSON file. If the file already exists it will be overwritten.
Unbox an object as an array.
Test instantiation of file links.
Test smote. sample with a random seed and a random sample with a random sample.
Merge the request setting with the session setting. The session setting will be merged into the request
Get the rank of a singular value from a singular value to a given time.
Return the current context as a string. If the current context is a string return it.
Returns an interval representing the cosine of the haversine of an interval.
Set the SNMP community.
Make a mapping from caseid to index.
Get a single tenant by name or id.
Check if the given descriptor is mobile available.
Entry point for the command line tool. This is the entry point for the command line tool
Make a request to the S3 server.
Return a list of options for the first page in the result set of the given query.
Get information about an entry in a group.
Get the description of a carve. The carve is a string with the layer thickness
Query for all activities about a user.
Index a list of ids in chunks. If reraise is True the exception will be
Get a new skeinforge repository.
Get a setting from a WMI class.
Sample nearest neighbours with a random seed.
Assert that two dicts are equal ignoring the ordering of the dictionaries.
Validate a config object to make sure it is a dict and if not return a tuple of
Download a file from a remote host. If trafficctl is not available use traffic line.
Return a dictionary of virtual packages and their provides.
Send monthly reports to Frappe.
Convert a MNC to a Cumulative MNC. The MNC is
Send a message to the broker.
Syncs the local database with the remote one.
Remove the queue logging handler from the root logger.
Quote a string so it can be used as a URL - safe string.
Get the power of an IPMI device.
Return the logistic log of the gradient of the i - th point.
Get the blobinfo for a given blob key or None if the blob does not exist.
Get a group type by its name.
Check if a hostname is present in a certificate. If not raise a certificate error.
Convert a dbus exception to a reason string.
Create a fast link program builder and add it to the given environment.
Check if the request is a websocket request.
Lookup all records with the given name. If no records are found a TimeoutError is raised.
Check that the geoserver is up.
Convert a key text into a keyinfo object.
Update a fixed IP address with a list of values.
Return the fully qualified name of an object.
Get the install function for the given platform.
Remove the task app from the given project directory.
A simple task that runs a bdist_wininst on the specified python version.
Build a property spec from a client factory and a list of properties to collect.
test only if needed does upgrade deps when no longer satisfied
Check if the static url starts with the crossorigin option. If it s the same as
Return the current status of the server.
Remove a network from the network list.
Get the image member with the given id from the database.
Check if the algo is safe to use. Raise runtime error if algo is not safe.
Return True if message should be skipped for Python 2 and 3. If message should be skipped
Refresh the grains from the server.
Round a number to a certain precision.
Uname the current process.
Return the name of the system s virtual machine or False if it s not on the system
Set the restart mode in a file.
Randomly sample from x using the given ground truth and the given num ground truth values.
Escapes special characters in a string.
Serialize the given exception into a JSON - encodable string.
Get the rereview themes for a given reviewer.
Make an argument that can be a rgba value or a rgb value.
Prompt the user for input and raise keyboard interrupt if the user presses EINTR.
Update an instance with the given uuid with the given values. If update is set to True
Convert an integer to a CPP integer.
Connect to a specific region.
Return True if the system has any external plugins.
Find the k most similar movie in the reviews dictionary.
Return the current node s freemem.
Check the usage of the given module against the output of the given module. If the module
Apply pivoting to the tableau.
process element node by derivation
Translate a list of modifiers into a bitmask.
Test bad masked sizes.
Process a single hour of the traffic log. This is the main function that will be called
Sets the copyright and credits for the built - in Python interpreter.
Browse the current branch in the current working directory.
Get the value of a placeholder setting. If no placeholder is specified the default value will be
Choose the mailing lists for the user.
Computes the DP of the data with respect to the given dimensions and sanitizer.
The main entry point for the annotation command. This is the entry point for the annotation command
Read actions from the input stream.
Get the deprecation docstring for a given version and replacement. If no replacement is given the version
Get the theme data from S3.
Split an entry into two parts. The first part is a boolean. The second part is
Save a load for a given jid.
Celery settings page.
Get a book by id or uuid. If book id is not provided the default book id
Convert a string to an integer or float. If the string is not a number return the
Example of how to transfer data from one bucket to another.
Return a list of dicts describing the current disk usage and the current mount.
Find the degree of a function f in a matrix m.
Return True if the hg program is installed.
Convert a value to a JSON string and replace the string with a unicode string.
Format a list of files and lines into a list of strings.
Clean up a process and all its children.
Get the geometry output by derivation and extrude. If no derivation is provided the
Initialize the OVSDB handler. This is called when the OVSDB handler is created
Checks to see if a user exists in the htpasswd file. If the user does not
Set the date and time of the device.
Convert a string into a slugified version of it using the given separator as the separator.
Resets all shortcuts to their default values.
Return True if the current app context is not None.
Clean a node name and return it as a tuple with the host and port as the first
Run a list of commands in a shell and return a subprocess. Popen object.
Create a new branch.
Expands a path to a string if it is a Windows path. If it is a
Uncaches the contents of a zip file and its sub - directories.
Modifies the low dictionary to include all the packages that need to be installed in the low
Convert a Wotan tag to a Penntreebank.
Normalize a batch in training.
Get a label for a model field.
Add a typed document to a folder or create a new one if it doesn t exist.
Get information about the current process.
Equate polar and cylindrical dot azimuth.
Test the type of a string.
Extract views from a list of urlpatterns.
Return a REST interface to the S3 REST API.
Sort the resources in the given node according to the given settings. If no settings is given
Returns a JSON representation of the GA push attribute.
Returns True if the string f is a literal float False otherwise.
Generate a random string of length l.
Convert a dictionary of strings to unicode.
Parse a list of statements and return them as a list of AST nodes.
Delete an account. If the user is logged in the user will be redirected to the trash
Setup the platform with the given configuration. If the platform is not running an error will be
Check if string is an IPv6 address.
Decorate a function with a copy of the clip and return a copy of the new clip
Return a string representation of expr. If expr is a date or datetime return the string representation
Test the serialization of the roles.
Make a datetime aware by replacing the tzinfo with the timezone specified by tz. If the timezone
Get the request URI from the environ dict.
Partition the inputs by the given attribute and return the result as a list of tuples.
Compute the minimum distance between a node and a set of explored nodes.
Remove all zeros in x that are larger than the max of the dtype of x.
Apply a palette to an image.
Attempt to set the effective UID for a given user.
Return a list of strings describing the virtual machine in the system.
Migrate the data directories to the remote server.
Load a dataset from a YAML file. If use test set is True return the test set
Parse an XML file and call handler with the result. If handler is None the XML file
Decode a string into a tuple of strings.
Send a remote request to the remote server.
Return the path to the APC file or None if it can t be found.
Calculate the hash of a torrent.
Remove a file or directory from the filesystem if it is a file or a symlink.
Get stroke radius.
Return a triangle of length d from l1 to l2 with length l1 and length
Get information about an account. If the account doesn t exist it will be created.
Serialize the agent to be sent to the remote peer.
Print a message to stderr and exit with an optional exit code. If die is an integer
Get the output geometry for a text node. Derivation can be a function or a function
Return the fraction of expr and the fraction of its subexpressions. If expr is not a
Get the makeopts from the environment variables.
Copy a directory and all its contents into a new directory. If dst is a directory it
Get all reservations for a given set of resources. If expired is True all reservations
Return a tuple containing the name of the system s virtual machine.
Convert an image object to a numpy array.
Return a list of indices of the given shape.
Return True if text is a plural version of the plural form.
Return the state name from a state name string.
Configure an inline support backend with the given shell and backend. If the current backend is different
Add a string metadata element to the XML document.
Set up logging for a given product.
Test discretization of subpixel gauss 1.
Open a file - like object or file - like object. If the file - like object
Return True if object is a class.
Handle a complete backup of a job. This handler is called when a job is completed.
Returns a range property for the b attribute of the given type.
test cgi with pisa. pdf and pisa. pdf. cgi
Register a new notification for a given application. The notification will be sent to the given application
This function is called at the end of each metric. It is called at the end of
Check if a file or directory exists in the given package.
Copy attributes from old node to new node and return new node.
Update the evoked parameters and plot the evoked parameters.
Convert hash data to python types.
Return the campos array of length n with the same shape as the input array.
Convert a string into an integer or raise an error if the string is not a valid integer
Initialize the configuration file and parse the configuration file.
Toggles the options of a project.
Get the memory usage of the process running in the same process as the current process.
Return a generator that yields the product of the given iterables. If no iterables are passed the
Get the manipulated paths for a loop.
Unescapes HTML entities in the given value.
Set all mutable fields in a packet to zero. If sending is True the fields will be
Add a new S3 account to the user s account list. If the user is not
Detect changes that need to be shippable.
Return a list of all mailcap files for the current user. If the user is not
Generate a sequence of coordinates from a rectangle and a bounding box zooms and a number of
Execute a service s convergence plan with a timeout of num seconds. If no timeout is specified
Set the job log value in the XML element at the top of the parent element.
Run all checks on the given estimator. This is a generator that yields all the checks that
Login using an SSL certificate. If the certificate is valid the user will be redirected to the
Returns a string if the argument is None. Otherwise it returns the argument itself.
Get a dictionary of user profiles.
Get the version number from the given file. If the file does not contain a version number
Check that there are enough semaphores in the system configuration.
text test.
Make an HTTP response from a generator.
The qualifier list is a list of strings. Each string is a list of strings. Each
Map a volume to a single host.
Decode a string into a unicode object. If value is a string it will be converted to
A generic iterator that traverses a tree and returns a set of nodes that should be visited
Writes a gif to a file. Returns the number of frames written to the file.
Return the part of a string as an integer.
Get a property from an object or raise a warning if the property does not exist.
Add a closed XML element to the output stream. If the text is longer than the number
Return a dict of the ARP values for the given string.
Encode the given header dict into a string.
Add a step to p. If p is empty it will be set to none.
divide by 6 and test for the JD2 of the JD2 of the
Return a date range from start to end. If start is a datetime object it will be
Check the fasta file for the length of each sequence and return a list of tuples of the
Encode an X. 509 Name object into an X. 509 Subject object.
Forces a service to be down or down based on the command - line arguments.
Return the value of the named option in the given namespace or the default value if none is
Get a list of partitions for a given disk.
Get the value of the category with the given label.
Convert a number to a roman numeral.
Convert a list of dispatch objects into a YAML string.
Bernoulli samples.
Set up a new client for use with telldus. Returns True if the client is
Set up the logging system.
View a nested resource.
Generate a category file with the given number of sequences elements per sequence and number of repeats.
Create a new local dict and add it to the stack.
Calculate the covariance between two sets of points.
test uninstall editable and pip install
Cycle through a list l and return a new list with the first num items in the list
Calculate the kilometers of a number of meters miles feet and naut
Compare two values for constant time.
Decode a JBIG2 encoded string into a tuple of integers.
Get the cache key for the given account container and obj.
Checks if a token is equal to another token. Returns true if and only if the tokens
Decorator to denial the execution of a function by setting the delay attribute to False.
Update a device.
Return the x and y points below the given bounds.
Change the GID of a process. Returns True if the GID is the same as
Get the manipulated paths for a loop.
Return the name of an interface. If the interface does not exist return the interface name.
test against pytpm doc example
Test hsl to rgb part 9.
Create a new flow for the given task id type and image repository.
Get the number of hosts in the cluster optionally filtered by labels atomic group valid only and filter
Convert a string to a translated field value.
Calculate the softmax of the probabilities of the probabilities in the dictionary p.
Register a role with the given language module. If the role is already registered it will be
Run a command from the command line.
Create a vlan interface.
Get the course enrollment information for a given course id.
Build a URL for the given endpoint and keyword arguments.
Select a command from a list of corrected commands. If the user does not have permission to
Test the contents of a bundle.
Make a list of gettext patterns that can be used to match a string in gettext.
Return a list of module names that are available in the factory.
Encode a unicode string to UTF - 8. If the python version is lower than 2.
Return True if expr is a function variable.
Generate a unique request id based on the current request id and the current number of requests.
Create a QApplication instance. If the QApplication instance is not yet created it will be
Get the mapping details for a given event source.
Show a specific service certificate
Returns the result of the operation. If the operation is successful the result is returned. Otherwise
Log the user out and remove it from the page.
Calculate the signature of a list of parts using the given secret.
Extract a file or directory from a tar archive.
Get the line number of the given node.
Convert a log level string to a log level integer.
A callback that emits a field changed event when the user is saved to the database.
Create a message for the given operation and data. The message is returned as a tuple.
get evaluated expression value by split line by split words by evaluate expression value by evaluate expression value
Process an XML element and print the attribute dictionary.
Set the x - axis of the device. This is the default layout for the device.
Calculate the totals for a given time series and baseline.
Returns True if item is in in list. If item is not a column returns False.
Return True if value is greater than or equal to arg.
Check if source is newer than target.
Get all metrics for a given host and node.
Migrate the settings to the siteconfig.
Sign the given data with the current key. If the signing server is active sign the data
Return the first letter of the first letter of the second letter of the first letter of the
Wait for vbl to be ready.
Compute the fingerprint of a list of files or directories.
Return the full path to the given device.
A filter that sorts the tasks by the name of the task. The name of the task
Check if a vector is solenoidal.
Edit an existing sale source.
Parse the target url and return it as a string. If the url is not a string
Get the auth settings from the settings. py file. If the file doesn t exist return
Set up console logging. If no arguments are passed the default log level will be set to
Try to get a URL by name. If the URL is not found return a string.
Beacons the btmp file and returns a list of events that have been received.
Check if a source is a flat list or tuple.
Return a list of strings for the given interface.
Get the local time zone.
Check if a user can add a translation to a project.
Test pydotprint with a profile.
Expands integer types to intp or uintp depending on whether the type is signed or
Sort a list of results by their text representation.
Calculate the clickthrough rate based on the number of clicks and the number of impressions.
Check if a snapshot is safe to run. If it s safe to run it will retry
Test the equality of x and y.
Check if the given bucket name is supported by the given host.
Return the number of CPU cores in the system.
Stop the logging with the given name. Returns True if the logging was stopped False otherwise.
Return a list of osquery. Command objects representing the hosts of the system.
Strips only the first HTML element from the given string. If the string is not HTML
Flag an object in a content type.
Rescan the database if the number of blocks in the database is greater than the number of
Get the widget content from the given content.
Update the values of a compute node.
Check if the user has access to the given group blob.
This is the entry point for the script. It is the entry point for the script.
Convert a string to a binary string. If the string is already binary it will be converted
Create a new scratch view with the given text. If the text is a command it will
Example of allocating a classic instance on an EC2 instance. This test can be used
Adjust the time delay based on the last query duration and the lower and upper std values.
Create a new database for the given app and request. If the database already exists it will
Find the first occurrence of a pattern in the given text.
Find the current user. If the user is not found it will return the default user.
Get the text until the last dot or the end of the text is reached.
Check if a user has a completion badge for a given course.
This function is deprecated. Please use authomatic. access instead. Please use authomatic.
Return the system information from the salt - drac daemon. If the system is not running
Test imbalance bad ratio.
Enables a service on the given host and binary.
Convert a field name to a model field name. The field name will be converted to a
Skip num 64 - bit integers from the input buffer. Return the position of the next 64
Add a request to the queue.
Clone configuration for device and emulator.
Validate each token in the list of tokens. If any of the tokens is not a string
Log a logical line as a warning. If the logical line is not a string it will
Get the email address for a given user id.
Read a 32 - bit integer from a file - like object.
Check if the user is in the travis pr environment variable.
Report a warning about the usage of a deprecated worker module.
Generate an HTML fragment from the given input string. The output encoding can be set to str
Decode a string into an ID.
Get a bucket by its id. Raise an exception if the bucket does not exist.
Return a list of upgrades for a given minion
Decorate a function to return a double value.
Return the total number of seconds in a timedelta object.
Get a list of all instance profiles in the specified region optionally filtered by the specified prefix.
Create a constant tensor with the given value.
Send an opt - in message to the email handler.
Return an iterator over the nodes of the given object that match the given nodename.
Redirect to a new page with the given number as the first argument.
Return the string at the given pointer. If the pointer points to a string of the given
List the roles of a user or a tenant. If no arguments are given all roles are
Get text from a list of strings. If the list is empty return the original string.
test edf data
Clear pdf epub htmlzip and htmlzip artifacts for a given version.
Return the broadcast axis of a and b. If a and b are numbers raise an error
Setup the platform with the given configuration. If no configuration is provided the default configuration is used
Called when a page is deleted from an application.
Returns a validation error message for a given upload or None if validation is not enabled.
Convert a value to a numpy array.
Print a warning message to the user. The message will be printed to the user s warning
Setup the database for testing purposes. This is the main entry point for the test program.
Polls the stdout of one or more subprocesses and returns them as a list of tuples
Return the name of the new state file for the given zone.
Encrypt an input stream with a given mode and write it to the output stream.
Return a dictionary with the context of the given revision.
Load a module and return it. If the module is not found an error is raised.
get multi m2m
Make a lexical rule from a list of symbols.
Create a new egg with the given text.
Update the location tree for a feature.
Log a message at the current stack level.
Load a module from a file.
Convert a string to a unicode string if it s not already a string. If it s
Check if a passphrase matches a hashed password.
Get a list of all active meta schemas.
Generate a certificate for a given domain
Get the username and password from the given URL.
Rotate a blob from a base64 encoded encryption key to a new base64 encoded encryption key
Get a list of bundles for a given customer id name and description. The first n rows
Render a list of leads in a sales form.
Set the base url from the command line options. If the command line options do not contain
A route that deletes a topic from the database. If the user is not logged in the
Installs a jupyter kernel in a temporary directory. If the jupyter kernel is not
Return a list of cliques in the given graph.
Compute the hub matrix of a graph.
Run a function in a single thread. The function will be executed in a separate thread.
Load all account types from the registry.
Get a masked string from a string.
Yields missing whitespace from a logical line.
Decode base64 - encoded data and decrypt using AES - 256.
Iterate over all tests with the given names. If no names are given all tests are yielded
Clear a feature on a device.
Get a list of queues. If queue list is empty return default. If queue list is
Load data from a stream.
Remove unjustified issues from the datastore.
Get the full path to the Python installation.
p = 1 t = 1 t = 1 t = 1 t = 1 t = 1
Decorator to catch corrupt database errors and re - save the hist file if it is larger than
Remove all items from the cache. This is a no - op if the cache is empty
Delete a server from a service group
Download a file from the given url and save it to the local file. Returns the local
Strip leading and trailing spaces from a string. If the string does not end with a number
Delete a port.
Return the current time in milliseconds as an integer.
Return a list of all the networks on the minion.
Return True if the module can be imported. If the module cannot be imported False is returned
Return a list of all the files in the directory that match the glob pattern in str.
Return True if the current line is the first line.
Find the difference between two files.
Print the current line number.
Convert an ascii format to a FITS format.
Given a name return a tuple of three names. The first name is the canonical name the
Create a new domain with a coin flip.
Get the date of the message.
Check if pkgin is installed on the system.
Release the current session lock and log it if debug is True. If debug is False log
Get the combined keywords from the given text.
Display the last time a series was played. The last time a series was played
Check if a file exists or not. If overwrite is set to True the file will be
Returns a list of column names to be used in the SQL query.
Return a dictionary with the value of the disabled flag. If the disabled flag is set to
Return a list of all versions available on the minion.
Clean up the test files.
Capture the output of the command and return it as a string. This is useful for debugging
Check if an object exists in the bucket store.
Run a statement in the context of the current profile.
Convert a locale string to a language string. If the string is not in the locale string
Invalidate a module from the star cache. If the module is the main module it will be
Convert an IRI to a URI.
Process an element node by derivation function.
Lints the python files.
Get a list of events for a given stack id and event args.
Get the lan IP address.
Return a serialized version of the object using pickle. dumps.
Return True if the given module is in the list of configured lettuce apps.
Convert a URL to bytes. If the URL is already bytes it will be converted to bytes
Truncate the title to a certain number of characters.
Find the first missing edge in a graph.
Create a sum of the frequency distribution of numsamples samples using the MLE algorithm.
Scan the post - submission log for the given date and add the number of times it was
Authenticates a user using the given backend and user id.
Register the API routes for the given application. The application must be an instance of the class
Wrap a model with a constrained version of patsy. fit. fit.
Get unknown option tran attribute from bgp path.
Delete a repository from the database.
Return a tuple of log keys from a dictionary. The keys are sorted in alphabetical order
Return True if the system is running in a smartos system. If the system is running
Check if a given app is installed in settings. INSTALLED_APPS.
Get a distribution object from a string or requirement object.
Check if a path is a raw mount point.
Remove a site from the list of available sites
Parse a state value and validate it against the user s XSRF secret.
Refresh the database from zypper. refreshable. Call zypper. refreshable
Check if a path should be included based on a set of exclude and include patterns.
Nopackage the given package if it is installed or uninstalls it if it is not
Get a volume by block device id.
Validate that a list of iterables is a valid list of fields. If not raise an error
Logs out the user from the server and writes it to a file in the given outfile.
Return the command to execute. If the command doesn t exist return the original command.
Read a chunk of text from a file - like object.
Get chimeras from nast aligned sequences.
Check if the given ldev is valid for the given reference. If not raise an exception
Get the exit survey results for a given survey and date.
Resolve the given code to a tuple of the code and the corresponding string. If the code
Encode a string using Quopri s algorithm.
Check if the given path is a directory that can be used as a setup. py file
Return a set of all distributions that are available in the given Flocker source.
Unbans a channel from the host.
Get a single version from a module. If a getter function is given it will be called
Get a cubic path by begin and end control points.
Given a CFG and a list of blocks lift all loop lifting candidates and return a list
Return the file descriptor of a file object. If f is a file object it will be
Return the date when the account was created.
Check if the user has language set in the session or in the request cookies.
Test if slices overlap wrong mode.
Check the contents of an HTML page.
Set the value of a key in a given service. If no service is given the default
Normalize a path to be relative to the current working directory. The path can be relative to
Show the results of a poll.
Add a friend to a user. If auto update is set to True the friend will be
Restores an integer value from a command line option.
Test that a tabhistory object is empty.
Show a list of members of a group.
Build a formset from a list of dicts.
Get the current user from frappe and store it in the bootinfo object.
Return a set of all the used lun ids for the given mappings.
Get the current sharing strategy.
Divide f and g by p and return the result as a 2D ring.
Calculate the difference between the momentcondunboundls and the momentcondunboundls.
Get the current git changeset as a string. If there is an error it will return none
Expands the hierarchy of the metadata dictionary into a dictionary of metadata.
Create a new variable with weight decay and add it to the collection.
Get the status of a given service from a monit summary.
Initialize the database with the given connection name. If the given connection name is already in the
Returns a string with the status of the given addon in the context of the given context.
Sends an e - mail to a list of recipients. If the fail flag is set to
Read a temp ifaces from a string.
Assert that an element s text matches the given text.
Display the missing docutils page.
Start the tracemalloc thread and dump the data every delay minutes.
Grant a privilege to a user in a database.
Toggle fullscreen mode.
Send a state change notification to the given instance. If verify is True the notification will be
Find all domains in a directory and return them as a list of tuples. The first tuple
Print the statement t at the top of the stack. The statement is printed at the top
Create a new thread.
Get the current language from the request.
Get a new instance of the HOP repository.
Iterate over a list of Nvim objects and return a list of tuples. If names
Return the name of the virtual library. If the library is not installed return a bool.
generate index page from index links index fp is the path to the index file order is the
Get the number of votes for the given object.
Bind a floating ip to a device.
Initialize an ansible local variable.
Assert that s is a wolfe number. c1 and c2 are integers.
Clamp the norm of a point to the range [ - num num ).
Test outlined scenario with comments on examples.
move up or down in the stack. move up can be set to True to move up
Create a new class with the given name bases and kwds. If exec is not None the
Build a suite of tests for the test suite. The test suite is a list of tests
Generate a new minion id.
Convert a name value list to a dictionary.
Find a unix socket in the list of potential socket locations.
Get clean environment variables.
Create a zfs storage pool and start the service.
Get a string from the buffer.
Return a pseudo - random number in [ 0 n ).
Returns the index of the first non - negative value along the given axis.
Apply a function to an expression e. If e is not an expression e is returned.
Get the current request.
Convert a behave file to a cucumber file.
Linear convolution.
Add a salt - auth header to the response.
Generate a random coinc matrix with the given length and activity.
Sleep for the given amount of time. If the current thread exits the function will return.
Exports ora2 data to a course in the form of a JSON - formatted format.
This is the view that is called when the user is logged in and the user is complete
Reshapes values to a block of shape num. If values. ndim < = ndim
Parse a line of text and return a tuple of the line and a boolean value.
Create a raw ctypes array with the given typecode size and initializer. If no typecode
Write a string value to a FITS file.
test bulk insert dictionaries
Solve a 3D matrix between two points. The first point is the first point and
Apply a set of modules to a highstate object.
Start a response with the given status headers and exception. If exc is not None it will
Remove a tenant from a flavor.
Return a traceback that is not in the given globals. If the traceback is not in the
Get a scanner for the given hass device and configuration.
Display a list of themes.
Generate n random indices from the given random state and return them as a list of integers.
Parse a patch message and return a commit object and the diff and version.
Evaluate the model and return the perplexity as a float.
Extract all time results from a string.
Get the neighbor configuration for the given ip address.
Add the edit resources to the context.
Returns a list of the variables that are in the order i and o. If the order
Check if text has mixed EOL chars.
Get a request parameter. If the parameter is not found default is returned. If the parameter
Get a list of folders from an addon.
Insert twist portions into derivation.
Test theano random number generator.
Compile the given string as an AST and return the resulting AST. This is useful for testing
Create a legendre polynomial of length n. If x is not provided the polynomial will be
Return a list of the shells in the system. If the shells file does not
Test the bloom filter.
Print a list of all the switches in a human readable format.
Lock a password. Returns True if the password is locked False otherwise.
Create a symlink to lib64 if it doesn t already exist. If symlink is set to
Get a rectangular grid of complex numbers.
Convert a file to a new extension. If the file doesn t exist it will be created
Iterate over the modules in the given path.
Get the value of a given property of a given device type.
Get a template by name.
Send a message to a channel with a given mode. The mode is the name of the
Get a volume by name.
Boot the pox application. This is the main entry point for the pox application.
Uninstall one or more pecl packages.
Override the system resolver with a custom one. If none is passed the system resolver will be
Check if value is a list or tuple. If it s a list raise an error.
Return a list of CPU numbers in the system as a list of strings where each string is
Set the absolute path of each module s file attribute to the absolute path of its file attribute
Return a list of the nodes in the order they appear in the tree.
Split a list of strings into two lists of strings. The first list is the list of
Return True if the text is a procedure and False if the text is not a procedure.
Push a small number of bytes into a temporary directory and create a symbolic link to it.
Get a random color tuple.
Find image by name or uuid. If exit is set to True exit will be set to
Choose a shard based on a mapping and an instance. If the instance is a weather location
Encode an SSL certificate into a Base64 - encoded string.
View the configuration of a given map. If a snapshot is provided it will be used to
The main entry point for the test suite.
Log in a user in the request.
Get a nginx configurator.
Return True if all values are not equal to any of the given values.
Return the flat value of a.
Scrubs a file and waits for it to be scrubbed.
Get the default secret key for the AWS account.
Get validation set from train and validation set.
Parse a template string and return a dictionary.
Display a list of tags for the logged - in user. This is a list of tags
Test continuous error.
Send a robots. txt file to a static folder.
Set the xlabel of the figure.
If the current statement is a statement replace it with an ast. if statement.
Calculate the standard deviation of a list of values.
Test that the pokemon file is the same as the pokemon file in the
Check the output of the linter.
Return the s3 rest controller for the water source. This is the s3 rest controller
Return a copy of the expression with all the random symbols substituted. If no symbols are
Scan used functions and return a set of backrefs that are used in the example file.
Return the SSH configuration for the given host. If no host is specified the default host is
A simple route that renders the given string as an HTML page.
Check if the class has the same attributes as the class itself or if it extends another class
Uninstall one or more packages from the root of the system.
Return a dictionary of locale information for the current system. If the system is not running on
Create a document with an image element.
Clear the database environment. This should be called at the end of a request.
Check if a user can change a project s dictionary.
Symmetrize a clip by symmetrizing it with a time mirror.
Clean up the database for all classes. This is done by removing all classes from the database
Return the number of times a was called before b. This is the number of times a
Parse a delta value into a datetime object. If the value is an integer it will be
Format a master configuration line.
Test plot dipole locations.
Trains the model with exponential decay and exponential moving averages.
Add a candidate to the results dict.
Convert the command to a string and add it to the list of commands to be executed.
Given a list of matches and a command return a list of suggestions that can be used to
Read requirements from a file and return a list of requirements.
Add a time framed query manager to the model.
Get a list of all the packages in a given mirror.
Create a config file with the given rules. If rules is none the default rules are used
A fixture that deletes a value from the cache.
Run pylint on the command line.
Run a command on a container
Read a file and return it as a string. If the file does not exist it will
Generate an x509 key and an x509 issuer for a given number of days.
Get the revision of the current git repository.
Get the content of a file. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Return the script to run on the specified VM
Get a list of all bom stations from the server.
Check if a path is in the blacklist.
Print the results of a query.
Return a code range for the given character. If the character is already a code range it
Get the exclude string for a given client directory.
Return the URL for the given resource provider.
Change the GID of a process. Returns True if the GID is the same as
Returns the current line number.
Get a list of indices for the given app. If app is not specified all indices are
test symmetrical log locator set params
Perform a recursive test on a list or tuple of lists.
Run a function in a WSGI environment and return a tornado. web. WSGI object
Normalize the GCE facts to be consistent with the GCE metadata. The GCE metadata
A file - like object that can be read from a file - like object.
Create a topic rule with the given name sql description actions and disabled.
Run the lms module.
Split a list of issues into a list of issues and a list of pull requests.
Evaluate a standard operation on a and b. If a and b are not numpy. ndarray
Return the value associated with the given key or None if the key does not exist.
Check alt pootle quality and check the output of the command with alt pootle
get a complex polygon by start end angle radius sides sides start angle start angle end angle start
Return a dictionary of all events for a given event name. The dictionary is keyed by the
Enqueue a task for execution.
Test initialization of repeated edited nearest neighbours.
Return True if obj is a scalar and not an iterable.
Create a figure with the given cost data.
Return the traceback as an HTML string.
Reblock a 2x2 block matrix into a 2x2 block matrix.
test quteproc with skip and wait
Add a store for a po file in a given language. The store will be created in
Extend the current linecache cache with the given filename. If filename is None the current
Run a git command and check that it is in the expected format.
Add an animal pre save signal to the list of checks to be performed on the model
Set a default attribute on an object if it doesn t already exist.
Create a color object from an index and a number of hues values min hue sat and
Perform a top - down traversal of the expression and return a single result.
Check the status of an HTTP server.
Check if a character is a junk.
Parse a text string into a list of tuples.
Scale x by s and return the result as a new vector x.
test sextractor last column array
Get the last access time of the file at the given path.
Parse the output of the ipmi command and return a dictionary with the output as keys and
Get the s3a access key.
Ensure datetimelike to i8.
Show the standard icons.
Get a list of all the topics in the cluster. If app id or topic start is
Convert the output of the command to a list of strings.
Return a list of files for the given packages. If no packages are given all files are
Load an item from the cache and return it as a Python object.
Build all the resources in the specified directories. If no directories are specified all resources will be
SoundCloud user hook. This hook will try to find a user in the text and
A view that redirects to the config page if it is not found in the registry.
Delete an ipsecpolicy
Set the window size of a folder.
Draws a list of landmarks onto an image.
Return the data from the database to the database.
Return a list of modules that are not loaded
Assert that a nav link is opened on the page with the given href. If signed in
Open a file and raise an os. error if the file does not exist.
Generate a random string of the given length.
Test that the data is a dictionary of columns and indexes.
Set the port to the given state. If the given state is the same as the current
Create a list of eeg elements from a list of strings.
Get the router from settings. py. If it s a string it will be converted to
Return the square root of the expression f.
Ceil the value x to the nearest integer in the range [ 0 x ).
Return True if obj is a file - like object and has a write method.
Generate a sequence of coordinates from a rectangle and a bounding box zooms and a number of
Check if the given string is a valid IPv4 address.
Writes the given text to the given file. If the given gcode is str it will
Format a value into a string suitable for use in an XML document.
Create a new buffer with the given text. The text will be printed to the console.
Drop the first n elements from a sequence.
Return a copy of the environment with coverage disabled.
Checks if a value is in a given range.
Limit the number of cores and the number of cores in the system.
Test that hsl to rgb part 11 is the same as hsl to rgb part 11.
Get the version of the Dpkg deb package. This is the version of the deb package
Test the chart classes.
Fetch daylight hours for a given latitude and longitude.
Return a generator of track objects for a given track id.
Returns the virtual name of the vbox. If vbox is not installed this will return
Return a new Audio instance with the time - mirror applied to this Audio instance.
Return a numpy array of length n with the same dtype as numpy. uint8.
Return a path with a unique suffix. If the path does not exist it is returned.
Renders the given template with the given context and content type and status.
Raise an error if a variable is not found in a list of candidates.
Render the given text as Markdown.
Convert the value from the current timezone to a naive value. If the value is not naive
Parse onblog date string into W3DTF date object.
Execute a pshell command and return the output as a Python object.
Return the whitespace before the parameters of a function or method or method declaration.
Replace all control characters with their XML equivalent.
Return a dictionary of validation results for the given dictionary of data. If tracebacks are enabled
Get a single instrument by id.
Kills all running containers in the container manager.
Convert a length and unit to a font size. The unit can be str or num.
Test ecliptic heliobary.
Get the path to the plugins directory.
Split a version id into server and version.
Clean up a database.
CM reestablishment request
Create a network with the given data source.
Make a list of choices from a list of choices.
Return an edx rest api client.
Canonicalize email addresses in the given changelog.
Initialize the resource manager in the context of the given globals.
Return True if the given label is a level of the given minimum value.
Create an image for the given file. If the image already exists it will be deleted.
Verify a password against a cleartext password.
Get a new instance of the bottom repository.
Output a header line with a dash at the end of the text.
Get the current language.
Escape a string for use in an LDAP URL.
Watch the user for changes in the given locale.
Get the ros home directory. If no environment variable is given the current home directory is
Update the unit order of a PO file.
Change the status of a service in the rcconf file.
Return a view from the GET request. The view will be rendered with the given context.
Convert a value to a unicode string. If the value cannot be converted to a unicode string
Return an iterator over the files in the given file. If mode is set to f ok
Run a list of commands in parallel and return a list of exit codes.
Unpickles a method from an image. If the image is not pickleable it will
Order complex poles in the same order as the input. The input is assumed to be
Returns the length of the given string padded to the nearest multiple of the block size.
Return True if the given path points to a device. Returns False if the path points to
Calculate the skewness of an iterable.
Get the current working directory.
Convert a key into a tuple of strings. The first element is the first element and the
Test category links plugin show all the categories in the default shop and check if customer is anonymous
Format an IP address with bracketing if necessary.
Find a bootable volume for a given server. If exit is set to True the function
Create a column with the given name and type. If no name is given the column will
autostart mobsf subdir tools rpc file and run autostart on the next
Convert a temperature in Hass temperature units to a temperature in degrees celsius.
Parse the docstring of a function and return a dictionary with the parameters as keys and the values
Randomly split features into train and test features.
Generate recommendation data.
Check that the number of fields returned is less than the maximum number of fields returned per search
Expands dimension links into a list of dicts.
Return a subscript node with the given index.
Interpret the emr bootstrap stderr.
Encode a string to base64.
Print a list member added to the notification list.
Test for hide supppressed values. This is useful when you want to hide a string
Upload a file from a source to a destination.
Test the separation of a project.
Create a new HTTP request.
Reset all databases to their initial state.
Consumes n elements from iterator and returns them as a deque.
Get the web application configuration as a dictionary.
Check that a given image is mono with the given plugin and format.
Reboots the server and reboots it to its initial state. This is a
Check if the given name exists in the context.
Convert bytes or file object to an element tree.
Check that the throttle parameter is a valid dict. If not raise a type error.
Create a status line with the given parameters. If the line is longer than the max size
Redirect the user to the given path with the given HTTP status code.
Setup the telldus library and register all the devices in the system. Return True if
Create a backup of a volume.
Calculate the arc distance between the given location and the given split line.
Fetch an image from a target.
Wrapper around os. popen that warns about deprecation.
Get the default object values as a JSON object.
Get the exploration summaries from a list of models.
Connect to the Cloud CDN service.
Print an IERS error message and return a warning with the number of times it was called
Get data from a Docker container.
Write a Python object to a JSON string. This function is deprecated and will be removed in
Convert a mode to an ndimage mode. The mode can be one of edge symmetric reflect
Write the changes between old and new tree to the file - like object - like object f
Convert a sequence of bytes into a tuple of bytestrings.
Return the softmax of the given variable.
Returns True if a comma is present in the saml private key file ; False otherwise.
Check for missing folders in a generic folder.
Connect to a component and return an xmlstream. xmlstream. xmlstream. xmlstream
Encodes a name and value pair into a binary string.
Get system stats.
Update the follower of a user.
Convert a dotted string to a dictionary.
Validate a config object to make sure it is a dict and if not return a tuple of
Profile the gradient of a function using Bayesian s Bayesian s Bayesian
Convert a FASTQ file to a BAM file with a list of qualities.
Update the metadata for a survey question.
Generate a unique id for the given HTTP response.
Get a list of interface addresses from the command line.
Parse an HTML page and return a list of the results. If an error occurs the page
Create a new user with the given name and password. If a user with the given name
Convert a path to an absolute path. If the path is already an absolute path it will
Return True if the module was not found in the traceback.
Assert that tps is not empty and have the same number of elements.
Fit a model to a set of parameters.
Edit a ticket. If the user has the permission to edit the ticket it will be saved
Analyzes a list of gens and returns a tuple of the same length as the
Reset the template info cache.
Compare two literals and return true if they are equal or false if they are not.
Test to see if there is an eog in the file.
Return a list of installed font numbers in the specified font directory. If directory is none return
Summarize a list of items. If singleton is True return a summary of the items.
The main entry point for glances. This is the main entry point for glances.
Isolate a sympy polynomial and return the root of the polynomial. If eps is not
Set the log record factory.
Add the plugins to the menu.
Calculate the relative distance between two strings.
Return True if value is an odd number. If value is not an odd number return False
Return the topo to a sphere.
Convert a string into a double nibble hex string.
Get a lexer for a given mime type.
Forward character to the right of the current cursor position.
Create a linear initializer with a truncated standard deviation.
Check if a command exists in the system. If it doesn t it will return null.
Calculate the gradient of the expected energy.
Parse a date string into a datetime. date object.
Test for a bounded sinusoid with an xfail test.
Unzip an archive into a temporary directory. If the archive already exists it will be removed
Test that the history is at the next item in the history.
Create a new event.
Return a list of targets for a given build file.
Create a square image from a source image and a thumbnail size.
Return the absolute path relative to the given start path relative to the given start path.
Check for changes in the modified dict and add them to the ret dict.
Join user host and port strings.
Load the compiler configuration from the zmq. file if it exists. If it doesn t exist
Read data from a file or file - like object. If the file does not exist it
Return a boolean indicating whether the system is running on a virtual machine. If the system is
Add a label parameter to a parameter list.
Test simple two model class composing 1d models.
Return a dict of the latest version available on the minion or None if none is available.
Create an inception arg scope.
Print a text with a color on the given color.
Scan a module to see if it is safe to use.
Return a random filesystem label.
Run a Sentry web server.
Return a generator of all entry points in the given namespace.
Get filters from a dict of model base. base. base attributes.
Format the given nodetext with the given optionstext and return it as a string.
Binary cross entropy between output and target.
Set up a new light for the given device id. If the device id already exists it
Return the logistic function of the given value.
Wrap escapes command if shell is true.
Return a dict of valid functions for the given string. If the function is not available return
Fit the MCMC distribution to the sample using the distribution function distr.
Test that reshape has the same shape as bsz and the same shape as bsz.
Get a sample from a collection.
Return a list of all available mdadm devices on the system.
The zinnia breadcrumb tag.
Read a number of random bytes from the system.
Load settings from a file and return a dictionary of key - value pairs.
Randomly select k individuals based on the epsilon - lexicase.
Return the normalized path of the given path. If the path is a string it will be
Convert the given value to the given type. If the value is already of the given type
Get the current state of an EBS volume.
Get the current media for a given player.
Get an instance of a model by its name and primary key. If the model does not
Set up a PCS cluster on a list of nodes.
Returns a dictionary of headers to be sent to the client.
Delete an item from a collection.
Scan all plugins in the config directory and add them to the plugin store.
Get user settings by username.
Get the crafted text of a file.
Check for invalid QoS spec combination.
Generate an array of indices for a given state and state.
Match a logical line and yield a tuple of the start and end position of the match.
Return the most frequent value of an array.
Returns the current version of the application.
Monkey patches and runs pyproc with str as the environment variable and waits for str to
Check if there are any conflicts in the unmerged list. If there are any return a list
Return True if the contents of the two arrays are equal.
Load a markov model from a file - like object.
Write text to the terminal using ANSI escape sequences. If attr is set to none it will
Temporarily silence stdout and stderr when an exception is raised.
Test finder priority nonegg over eggfragments.
Update the global configuration parameters with the default values. This is useful when you want to use
Convert a markdown string to HTML.
Check if the current naming pattern is valid. If no pattern is given the current naming pattern
Return a digest of a passwd.
Bitwise XOR with 64 - bit numbers in a 64 - bit NumPy array x.
Get the compiler function to use for the given string.
Given a dictionary of lemmas return a set of all the words in that dictionary.
Parse the auto - help directive and return a list of nodes that can be added to the
Calculate the square product of p1 and p2 at x with precision prec.
Get the lum series for the given lum levels win size monitor gamma and auto mode
Extend a list of spans by a number of spans of length spanlen between start and end
Check if a socket is already listening on the given port. If it s a psutil socket
Test error on file to file links.
Step 1a - remove vowel from a word if it is a vowel or a vowel.
Ask the user to open a file with the given options. If the file does not exist
Test for requote uri with unquoted percents.
Get the metrics for a given type and record.
Initialize the log module with the given state and return the module object.
Get the convex part of a complex polygon.
Return the position of the first character of the line and the text of the second character.
Create a new tag for an image.
Find all fiducials for a given subject in a given directory.
Return a label for a task.
Convert a BSON string to a dictionary.
Display a notification on the unfavorite site.
Filter a list of dictionaries based on a key and a value.
Add a type match to the list of matches with the length of the input string.
Bessel filter using scipy. signal. bessel.
Check if the given client is the master node. If only is set to True exit with
Reboot a device on a remote host. Returns True if reboot was successful False if not.
p = t | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
Format the allowed section into a dictionary.
Check if a user can lock a subproject.
Set up a switch device. If the device is already present in the config it will be
Convert datetime to cdtf format.
Get the top level images from the imagedata dictionary.
test pip wheel fail cause of previous build dir
Create an expression with the given name as the left - hand side of an expression.
Delete extra specs for a given volume type id and key.
Parse a line of text into a key and a dictionary of parameters.
Assert that the step fails with the given message. If the step fails the message will be
Return a list of installed packages.
Get the list of exploration ids subscribed to the given user.
Calculate the Fresnelc zeros of a number of floats.
Copy glance metadata from a snapshot to a volume.
A direct abstract declarator.
Check if the given path exists and if so exit with a non - zero exit code.
Delete an interface from a bridge
Create a topic subscription and push it to a list of topics to be deleted.
Check if a file is a tar archive.
Test the triux test.
Send an email when a user changes their email address.
Check if a device exists on the system.
Check if an episode is in a given series.
Test the rotation of a 3d matrix.
Validate a file against a schema.
Cosine - tangent product of a point and a point in a unit sphere.
Return the path to the config file. If the path does not exist it will be created
Recursively convert unicode objects to Python objects.
Get a list of services associated with an EC2 instance.
Check the source code of the given paths and return the number of warnings that were found.
test advinc function for subtensor1.
Convert a list of boxes to a list of boxes where each item is a pair of boxes
Return a list of loops that are not inside the given list of loops.
Test that aws keys are available on the nio. data sink. This is useful for testing
Enable or disable X509 extensions for the current version of ssl. If the current version is
Parse the link id from the given link dict.
Convert a binary value to a VNI.
Return a list of files from a list of packages.
Annotate a video clip with a text text and a background color.
Return the context of the given model. If the model is None return the model itself.
Fetch an image from VHD or disk. If the image type is image. disk
Return the relative value of x. If x is less than num return x else return x
Get the language dictionary for the given type. If no name is given the default language is
Guess the type of the given field. If the field is a translated field or an enum
Initialize the bind completion model and register it as an instance of the completion model.
Get the path to the SSL certificate file in the current working directory or None if not found
Generate a colormap based on the data in datad. If no data is found a linear colormap
Return the certificate for a given CA name. If as text is True return the contents of
Convert a path to a string with invalid characters replaced with their corresponding integer value.
Confirms a user s password. If the user s password is valid it will be
Find a review request by its id and local site. If no review request is found a
Parse the progress from the resource manager.
Make a compensator for a given set of coils.
Replace line breaks with single - line breaks.
Get the command - line arguments from the command - line and return them as a dict.
Convert an integer to a byte string. If length is not specified the length of the string
Stop the tracemalloc thread and dump the contents of the memory buffer.
Return the complete linkage for the given data.
Return a dictionary with the given mode and quotatype. If the mode is not a boolean
Get a list of lines that start with the given name.
Test that a feature has the same name description and scenario name as the given string.
Show a single message in a thread or a list of messages in a thread.
Check if the value is a valid entry point. If not raise distutils setup error.
Install an editable package from an svn repository.
Record the project s first event in the project s onboarding table.
Add a file handler for the given path.
Return a list of SQL statements to reset the style of a database connection.
Join two paths together and return the resulting path.
Deedify an ioflo. base. deeding. deedify.
Change the name of a process. Returns True if the process was renamed False otherwise.
Create or update a DynamoDB database with the given schema. If verify or create is set to
Extract an EK archive to a directory.
Write an incron file to a user s home directory. Returns True if successful False otherwise
Convert data from h5py to bokehrgba and return a list of tuples
Generate HTML output for a graph.
Return the HTTP date string for the given date object.
Return the cumulative mean of the MCMC in the range [ 0 mc ).
Installs the ssl options file if it doesn t already exist.
Returns a fixture that will cache the result of the request. config. cache method.
Log an exception to the logger. This is called when an exception is raised.
Decode an array of bytes to a string using the given encoding.
Get the content of a file.
Set the url for the enterprise page. This is useful when you want to get the url
Check if a string is an integer or a long.
Convert a row of numbers to a polynomial.
Convert a string to UTF - 8.
Return a list of available QingCloud sizes
Decode an RFC 2231 - formatted string into a tuple of tuples. The first tuple
Deletes a QoS Spec from the repository.
Unzip a file or directory.
Validate a config object to make sure it is a dict and if not return a tuple of
Add basic options to the given option group.
Test the output of a command with colorful output. Useful for testing the output of a
Create an https certificate for the given key and cert.
Create a URL with the given base query and keyword arguments.
Convert a local path to a canonical path.
Convert a key to a key value.
Default callback for the zip command. This is the default implementation of the zip command.
Get a list of all meters for a given project.
Load and parse local variables from a file.
Return a list of files with the given file types unmodified.
Context manager to disable updates on the given widget.
Add a bottom loop to a list of loops. Delta is the distance between the points in
Set up the octoprint API.
Convert a datetime. datetime object to a naive datetime. datetime object.
Run a function using the flup. server. fcgi module.
Return the type of the given temporal imp. If the temporal imp is a string return the
Load MNIST images from a file.
Example of how to plot an event collection with a single dash. The event collection will be
Register two parameters with a simple string. The two parameters must be a tuple of strings.
Dump a sequence of Python objects into a string. If stream is not provided it will be
A fixture that displays the current state of the toolkit. This is useful for debugging.
Delete a draft from a given Nylas.
Test the priors of the Gibbs model. This test is done by testing the
Delete a URL from the cache.
Return a list of all active contexts or an empty list if there are no active contexts.
Add a square two value to the given dictionary.
Parse command - line arguments and return a list of dictionaries.
Join multiple rows into a single row with the given joiner. If the number of rows is
Redo the changes in the project s tobe - redone list.
Collapses a list of IP addresses into a list of lists of lists of addresses.
Return the version of nftables installed on the minion.
Redirect to wagtail admin with a message of error and redirect back to the user.
Test if a system is in a running state.
Add ssh public keys from a list of filenames to a user s public keys.
Return a list of jids for a given returner
Check - in files by user.
Defines an inclusion tag that can be used to display a list of strings in the form of
A test function to test the context of a string. This is useful when you want to
Check if a string is in the list of file paths. If it s in the list
Apply web specific fixes to a font and save the result to a file.
Get the image properties table from the migration file.
Return a list of all nodes on the minion
A convenience function to create a warning or raise a warning with a given class and arguments.
Quote a string so that it can be used as a command line argument.
Write the merged cells of a worksheet into a list of elements to be inserted into the worksheet
Setup the platform with the given config and add the devices to the Hass device list.
Check that all required modules are installed.
Validate users for a given site. If the user is not a local site an error is
Vectorized version of inv22. This function assumes that the input matrix is vectorized.
Remove files older than the given mtime. If the file does not exist it will be created
Install a docker plugin.
Create a DataFrame with the expected values for a factor given a start date and a list of
Read a cache entry from a file - like object f.
Return a list of form fields for a given model. If no fields are provided all fields
Expands a dictionary into a nested dictionary where the keys are separated by the given separator.
Return the configuration from a yaml file. If the file does not exist return an empty dict
Add a song to the track list.
Build a traversal spec from the given parameters.
Resample a dataset to a specified number of times in the range [ 0 num ).
Check if the given name is peered to the cloud. If the name is not peer
Build a base class from a member.
Get a list of threads for a given forum.
Check if an error is present in the environment and if so raise it. If not raise
Remove the package with the given name. If the package does not exist it will be created
Return the path to the Cuckoo analyzer root directory.
Create a date object from a list of ticks.
Send an email confirmation for the given user. If signup is True the user will be
Get the logical part of the source.
Set the closed flag to None.
test function to test the sky coordinates of a given code. This function is used to test
Insert a path into sys. path if it is a directory.
Convert an iterator to a table.
Create a Jinja2 environment with a file system loader that loads templates from the templates directory
Render a template to a response with the best match for the given request.
Test shifted sparktext.
Parse a string expression and replace it with a tuple of the same type with the string.
Return a dict of all the item fields defined in all plugins.
Validate read preference tags.
Assert that the path exists.
Serve a file from a git repository
Renames a file or directory. Returns True if the file was renamed False otherwise.
Get an authorization token for the current user s account. This is useful when you want to
Convert a string to unicode if it is a string. If it is a string it will
Compile a list of files into a single output file.
A context manager that creates a script in a temporary directory and writes it to it.
Set a volume attachment as attached to an instance.
Return True if the current environment is dev2.
Close the connection to the orbital system.
Split a file into a patch message and return it. If the file is not a file
Get the Voronoi loop given a point inside and a point outside.
List all launchd instances. If no name is specified all launchd instances are returned.
Check that a path is a string and that it is a boolean. This is useful for
Get the version of the evennia installed on the current working directory.
A shared task that sleeps indefinitely for i seconds. This task can be
P labeled statement 1.
Get a new derivation for the given element and node.
Create an automodel for the given doctype. The doctype is automatically added to the document.
PAGING REQUEST TYPE 1
Test that a locale is in a given language and that it s territory is the same
Show a diff between a and b.
Return True if the given DN is equal to the given DN. If the input is a
Disable the given module and reload the service.
Get the current platform.
Inverse Fisher z transform.
Test the SVM SVM SVM SVM SVM SVM SVM SVM
Acquires a process from a directory. If the directory does not exist it will be created
Get the last week dashboard stats for a user.
Get the text feedback from the user and return it as a string. This is useful for
Create a new bookmark collection for the given user.
Test the gradient of a T - matrix.
Send a message to a recipient. If the recipient is a group the message will be sent
Display the data in a big image.
Start a receiver on the given host and port with the given exchange name.
Open firewalld for a given service.
Check if a directory is empty.
Get the URL for the given name. If the name is not found return an empty string
Return True if all the arguments passed to the function are successful False if all the arguments fail
Add a user to the course creator if the user is granted. If the user is not
Execute a query and return the results as a list of dicts.
Parse command line arguments and create a config directory if it doesn t exist.
Get the value of a parameter from a data string.
A context manager to capture the output of a command in the given stream. This context manager
Checkout the current branch.
Tag an image in a repository.
Handles the quota - update command - line argument.
Return the object from the queryset or raise a 404 if the object is not found.
Return the version of ceph installed on the system.
Return a set of all the roots of a file in a set of base paths.
Write the output to a file. If the file name is not specified the output will be
Test ada bad ratio.
Write a shared secret to the password file. The shared secret is base64 encoded.
Test for the addition of a submodule to a package.
Return a dictionary of key - value pairs where the key is the name and the value is
Make a mock software secure POST request.
Encode an object into a banana string.
Return a list of all available Bridges on the minion.
Get the system username.
Split a string into a path and a file name.
Process an element node.
Detect the logos of an image.
Check if a connection to the given ip and port can be established.
Generate a set of gradients for a given number of charges and a number of bvecs
Uninstall flocker from ubuntu.
Location Update Accept packet.
Return the current process.
Get glance id from s3 image id.
Load an environment from a config file.
Check if the user has access to the given stream. If the user is not logged in
Remove all directories that match the clutter pattern from the given path. If no clutter
Extract allocations from the body of a webob request.
Return the current Python compiler.
Return a future that will be set to the result of the given time.
Return the number of parameter banks for a given device.
Return a boolean indicating whether events are enabled on the system or not.
Get the z - value of the last line in a block of lines.
Encrypt text using an SSH public key. The text will be encrypted using the SSH public key
Remove all headers from the request object. If debug is set to True log the headers.
Aborts the current request with the given status code with the given arguments.
Signup a user with a given email. Returns a dictionary with the signup data.
Set the SDRAM frequency of the given setting.
Update the index for the given unit.
This is the main entry point for the application. It is the main entry point for the
Test for gpu cross entropy softmax1 hot with bias dx.
Generate the code for the pwn staller and return it as a string.
Load a webgl extension from an ipython extension. If the ipython version is lower
Check that superset is a subset of subset.
Return a dictionary with the current log format and the current log format. If the current log
Convert a symbol to a string or list of symbols. If the symbol is not a string
Set the nomination of the addon if it is packaged and the addon is not already
Check for the presence of a copyright in a file.
A thread that reads from stdout and stderr and writes to stdout and stderr. The output is
node2 is a list of nodes that are local to node1 and node2 is a
Return a list of fieldsets that should be included in the review request.
Return an authorized HTTP connection.
Add the ETag to the response if it exists.
Run a job and return a list of events.
Partition a dictionary into two dictionaries where the keys are present in the keys list.
Return a list of data files that can be found in the app directory.
Create a Java FAT library and register it in the blade.
Deactivate all translations.
Convert a list of colors to an rgb tuple.
Get the response body for the given data dict and error list. If data format is str
Return a list of tuples where the first item in the list is the min item in the
Convert a relationshiplist into a list of word relationships.
Delete a task from a given location.
Get the size of an ABI for a given set of types.
Check if the given text has an ajax crawlable meta tag.
Parse a resource info dict into a list of schema fields.
Convert a string to text. If the string is a promise it will be converted to a
Get the current session configuration.
Convert a qemu format string to a qemu format string.
Clean assets.
Return a copy of the allowed config keys.
Get the unicode output from a stream. If the stream is already a unicode stream return it
Sync the user s email addresses with the user s email address if it doesn t already exist
Find an executable in the given path. If no path is given the current working directory is
Get a list of tags for a given instance. If no instance id is specified all tags
Convert a PIL image to a wx. Image
Invalidate the parser cache for the given file path. If the file is not in the cache
Get the number of devices in the system. If verbose is set to True the number of
Return True if the current symlink is a symbolic link. Return False if the symlink is not
Get the largest inset loop within a given radius.
Bump a version number.
Configure all the mappers in the registry. If a mapper has not already been configured this
Invert the number of pixels in an image. The image is returned as a new image
Verify that the current design is the same as the current one. If not create it.
Choose a number of lines from a source string.
Return True if array is a sparse array.
Return True if the given name is disabled.
Queue a tabnav theme to be displayed in interactive mode.
Update the search ctr metric with the data from googleanalytics. search. This function is called
get the size of a file system
Set up the firewalls.
Create a unique variable. If pattern is None return the current unique variable. If ignore is
Iterate over a list of modules. If directory is not specified it will be used as the
Get the block device info for a given instance and block device mapping.
Set the copyright credits and license for the Python interpreter.
Returns a string describing the number of variables in the current plot.
Create a new tasklist with the given arguments and return it as a tasklist object.
Returns True if val is a boolean False if val is a string True if val is a
Convert a list of gray colors to a string of gray colors.
Create a test descriptor system.
Add all paths from the current working directory to the given set of paths.
Check ownership of an object. If the object is a string it will be checked against the
Interprets the size of a string into an integer. If the string is not a
Decorator to provide the metadata of the model. This is used to provide the metadata of the
Set the DHCP dns for the specified interface.
Get the current user. If the current user is an admin user will be returned. If
Get the content type of the request.
Convert a datetime series to an epoch in nanoseconds.
Check if two cryptovariables are equal.
Read a user choice from a list of options. Options can be a string or a list
Parse a TCP line into a dictionary.
Return the generator and prime for the given algorithm.
Get the encryption oracle for the given secret name.
Remove a project from the virtualenv.
Determine the user agent to use based on the given configuration.
Rebuild the wiki cache for a given document.
test regression futuretimes 4302
Return a random string of n characters.
Set up sudoers for a user.
Return True if val1 == val2 False if val1 == val2 False otherwise.
The main entry point for the jenkins command line tool.
Format a value as a string with the given argument. If the argument is not a string
Get the full path to the test file with the given name.
Calculate the average weight of a graph.
Choose the nearest xmodule from the list of entry points. If no xmodules are found
Decode a tuple of bytes into a tuple of the same size as a tuple of bytes.
The main entry point for the application. This is the main entry point for the application.
Add a process increment to the buffer. The process will be run in a separate thread.
Get quote by nick and channel.
If v is a deferred resolve it and return it. If v is a deferred resolve it
Test context config.
Get the reverse primers from a FASTA file mapping. Returns a dictionary of primers
Convert a list of language names to a list of language codes.
Paste a text from a file or directory.
Create a read - write mode string from a mode string and an optional ACL bit.
Create the groups if they don t exist yet.
Determine what is in a file or file - like object. If h is none return the
Create a new role on the Kstone account.
Returns True if obj is a writable file like object False otherwise.
Test flattener layer state separation.
Discovers a set of devices for a given component. The list of found devices is
Post - process an event in a group. This method is called by raven when a
Raises an error with the given option and expected values.
Returns a function that can be used to get the dialect driver from the given dialect name.
Remove a check or service from a module.
Setup plugin options from command - line arguments.
Create a copy of an element and return a list of loop layers.
Fill a sample file with the sample data of the given rc object.
Get the value of a local attribute from a string.
Convert an image to mobify if it s a string. If it s a string
Create a multidim ndarray of the given type and initialize it with - num.
Initialize the linter. This function is called when the linter is initialized. This function is called
get a list of tuples of userdata and tokens from a given file path is the path to
Modify a profile
Get the current user for all models. If the user is not authenticated return none. If
Backup all files in the app directory.
Add a test result to the list of skipped tests.
Create a new subsystem of the given type with the given options. If no options are given
Return True if the process is locked False if it is not. Returns False if the process
Generate java test coverage flag.
Get the value of a key. If recurse is set to True the value will be recursively
Delete an image property.
Delete a logger.
Strips ANSI sequences from the given text.
Return a tuple of the length of each element in a.
Check if a given host is available on the remote machine.
Set the data directory. If no directory is specified the data directory will be set to the
Perform a screensaver on the local system.
Check if the given device is available on the given minor number. If the device is not
Bootstraps the bot and serves forever in a background thread.
Start a virtual machine on the remote host.
Re - publish a message to the specified queue. If no queue is specified the message will
Returns the plugin to use for the select bracket. This is the default plugin to use for
This is the main entry point for the application. It is the main entry point for the
Test download specify implementation.
Get the distance to a line by a list of paths.
Returns a tuple of the differences between a and b. If highlight is set to True the
Get the location of a given object alias.
Display an error message with the given title and message. If no title is provided the message
Fit the nearest neighbours to a random sample and test that the nearest neighbours are the same.
Test the columns of the customer table.
Convert an IP address string to a list of strings of length num.
Start a new job and run it once. This is the main entry point for the main
Given a list of segmented topics return a list of all the top - level ids.
Merge new items into base items. If the new items are nested in the base items are
Convert an array of RGB values to a list of HSV values.
Initialize a test suite.
Test the format of the config file.
Perform a list traversal of the given path and return the result as a list of paths.
Get the crafted text from the given gcode.
Returns a flavor with the given id or None if no flavor with the given id exists.
Convert an object to a JSON string. If the object is already a JSON object it will
Test install from a broken wheel.
Add a group to the system. If the group does not exist it will be created.
Return a dictionary of cpu times. If per cpu is True then return a list of dictionaries
Given a cache cluster name describe the properties of that cache cluster.
Test for file encodings of the given string. The file will be created if it does not
Check that the configuration is sane.
Example of how to get a sample of a resource.
Route to change the password of a user. This is a view that can be used to
Validate that the methods of a plugin are compatible with the expected methods of a class.
Create a new virtual machine in the virtual machine. If save is True the virtual machine will
Create a CSR from a key and a list of domains. If must staple is
Get the OS ID for the given system name.
Generate datasets from a deployment.
Return a list of all of the driver s dependencies.
Parse the response body as JSON and return a Python object.
Set the state of a package
Try to run a function with the given names on the given object. If the object is
Convert text to unicode. If text is a string it will be converted to unicode. If
Add theming to the mako templates.
Load a JSON file into a Python object.
Returns the value of key in args or None if key is not present in args.
Convert a pachi coordinate to a pachi position in the board.
Run ifconfig on all hosts in the network.
Get the device name for the given disk device type and the given disk device string.
Setup the traditional switches with the given config and callback.
Create a widget object for a given module and widget name. If the widget already exists it
Return a pretty string representation of the given object.
Return the hyperbolic tangent of x.
Print a simple matrix.
Replace unnamed groups in a pattern.
Returns True if dir is a theme directory False otherwise.
Get the helix complex path for the given element and derivation.
Check if a module is loaded.
Call a function with a list of arguments. If the function is a string it will be
Check to see if a temp file exists for a given method and IP address.
Get a role by name.
Move a file from src to dest. If the file doesn t exist it will be created
Return the first element of iterable that satisfies func. Returns None if no elements are found.
Convert a version object to a useful version object.
Locate a file name or None if it can t be found.
Execute a salt - minion command and return the result as a dict. If no function is
Format a number of bytes into a human readable string.
Returns a generator that yields the number of occurrences of each element in the input sequence.
Get a list of profilers.
Check if the CUDA device is available. If it is not raise runtime error. If
Get a list of all objects in the system.
Return the maximum number of elements in the Dataset.
Return a random number of the given shape.
Return a requests. Session object.
Return True if the user has permission on the specified doctype.
Return a list of enabled quotas.
Create an output object from stdout or sys. stdout if stdout is None. If stdout is
Create a new nameserver on the given sld tld and ip. If the nameserver
Get an attribute from an object. If the attribute does not exist raise an error.
Return the hash of the given content.
Read a file and return it as a string.
test reset in length
Return a dictionary of retry and pause parameters for a retry command.
Return the plurality of a list of objects.
P unary expression 3.
Save a new model to the database and return the newly created model.
Return an anovadict from a Residue object.
Options for the network interface. Options for the network interface are controller host switch and loss.
MVN and Nlog - likelihood of an observation using the Nlog - likelihood model
Return the k most recently used elements in a sequence.
Initialize the compare command. This is the first step of the compare command. This is the
Make a new datastore query from a query object. The filters and orders arguments can be specified
Return a list of information about all of the modules in the system. If refresh is set
Check if the given API version is supported by the current system.
Returns the minimum value of two sets of points u and v. The minimum value is the
process element node by derivation
Parse a header string and return a tuple of the header key and value.
Search for a bridge in the LXC.
Reraise an exception with a traceback.
Subscribes to a document in the tree.
Return True if this process is running under a virtualenv.
Analyzes the given HTML data and returns an HTMLParser object that can be used to
Test the data of a mesh.
Resolve patterns path to absolute or relative path.
Get the inventory from the target dir and base env dir. If clean is set to True
Compute the targets based on the bounding box of the ROI that overlap the ROI.
Return a string representation of x. If x is None return the string representation of x.
Set a mux for a VLM instance. The mux must be a string type.
Encode a string to base64.
Add a track to the tracklist.
Cast params from context to the schema in schemas.
Create a docker client from the given environment. If a tls version is provided the client will
Perform a trial of the multiplicity factorization algorithm. Returns a tuple of the number of
Return True if the profile image is included in the request.
Delete a Knowledge Type folder.
Decode a cookie into its payload and digest. If the cookie is not safe return None.
Example of how to parse a string using nltk.
Iterate over all tests in a suite.
Get the protocol to use for the request. If the protocol is not set use the default
Delete a set of documents from an index.
Check if the line matches the log. If it does yield a tuple with the number of
test bad algo option
Generate a map from file paths to the mtime of the files in the given path map.
Find all tests in a package and return a tuple of the skipped tests and a list of
Copy file atime mode and flags from src to dst.
Create a zone config file. If no zones are given the default zones are used.
Route to the index page of the web application.
Download a file if it doesn t already exist.
Normalize a URI string to a normalized URI string.
Return a sorted list of the color names in alphabetical order.
Convert a string to lower case and strip spaces from the beginning and end of the string.
Test that num is a chain of text and longer than num. If num is a string
Write the given value to the given config file. If the config file does not already exist
Detect a distro by running all registered probes in the order they were registered.
Add a module to the list of modules. If a check is present it will be added
Pretty - print the code of an object or a class.
Return a list of random rising items for the given subreddit ids.
Create a credential resolver.
Get the field name for a given profile and user.
Strips the variants from an address and returns it as a string.
Convert a language string to a locale string.
Fixes the review counts for the local site. This is done by updating the user s
Run validation on a file and return a task that can be used to handle the result.
Test html rendered properly.
Convert internal date to tuple.
Construct a string from the given environ dictionary.
Remove a sender from the connection pool.
Merge two or more C3 sequences into a single list of C3 sequences.
Reshape an array to a 2d array.
Download tasks from lixian and export them to a file or list of files.
Remove the version number from the given href.
Sends a notification for the purchased invoice.
Verify that a file exists and that it has the correct extension.
Add the roles to the app.
A context manager to restore the warnings state of a module. This is a context manager that
UTF - 8 - safe encoding of unicode data. If encoding is None then unicode is returned
Returns True if string s is positive and False if it is greater than or equal to threshold
Set the amount of time to sleep for the computer to sleep. Defaults to 5 minutes.
Get a list of repos for a given repo tag. If the repo tag does not exist
Returns True if the environment variable str is a local variable or if it is a local variable
Return a list of users that match the given filter.
Return a human - readable version of the operating system.
Make sure that the instance is in the S3 environment and that the user is logged in
Flattens a dictionary into a list of nested dicts.
Get default profile image urls.
Reverses the order of keys in a dictionary.
Match a list of keys with a prefix and a list of delimiters. If a prefix is
Return the current stream of the current request or sys. stderr if none is available.
Return the chunks of the FFT along the given axis. If n is none return the chunks
Return the value of the specified section of the specified file or raise an exception if the command
Remove an entry from a configuration file.
Check if the given group id or name is the effective group of the current process.
Return a boolean value from a list of events. If there is no event return False.
Get a list of messages from all files in a given app.
Transpose the input array and return the result in the same order as the input array.
Make a permission config key for a view.
Prompt for admin cookie.
Parse a machine string into user password port and profile.
Return an iterator over the range [ start end + num ) in the range [ start end
Get the value of a style key from an XML element.
Add a command to the list of commands to be run on the command line.
Given a role name describe its properties.
Record the usage of a slice in the ratelimit cache. If the slice does not exist
Move all tables from src database to dest database.
Test if two strings are equal. Raise test failed if they are not.
Return the version of the salt - minion installed on the minion.
Append data to the end of the FITS file and check that it is the same shape
Return the square root of f where f is the square root of k and k is the
Return the name of the latest package. If distro is a string it will be used as
Convert a path to lower case.
Cancel a card hold.
Return True if the minion is a virtual minion or False if it is not a virtual minion
Create a lock file with the given name. If the lock already exists it will be overwritten
Create an assignment with unlimited number of arguments.
Print a string to stderr if it is in the list of argv. If it is not
Detects the latest installed pypi links and raises an exception if it s already installed.
Set the hostname for the root process.
Return a dictionary of the daemons that are running on this minion.
Calculate the IQR of a sequence of numbers.
Return True if the certificate is valid.
Get an item from a collection.
prepare apt to run on the current user and run the command on the current user.
Convert a search torrent to a JSON object.
Return a new array with the percentile of the values in the input array. Quantiles
Check if an array is sorted ascending.
Run the app in a new thread and wait for it to finish before exiting.
Returns the validator with the given name or None if no validator is registered with the given name
Returns the libvirt user and group credentials.
Get the current version of the vtk library.
Checks that value is positive.
Setup the connection to the homeassistant. This is called when the homeassistant is
Block reduction.
Get the zone with the given name from the given GSSHAPY namespace.
Render a pep440 string into a pep440 string.
Return a list of all designs for the user with the given owner and name.
Base64 encode a string.
Create a new database with the given username and password.
Calculate the st energy of a frame.
Process an XML element using the given manipulation function. If the element does not have an attribute
Get the standby timeout in minutes. Defaults to none. If scheme is none returns the
Remove a file or directory. If soft is set to True the file will not be removed
Validate that a string is not blank.
Decorate a function to return a pointer to a void type.
Clips the sequence and qual from the beginning and end of the sequence. Returns a tuple
Connect to the cloud monitoring service.
Find a health check that matches the given parameters.
Generate test files from a source directory and a destination directory. The test files are generated in
Wake stuck flows.
Get the version data from the given URL.
Get the platform token for the current process.
Parse the tform and return the repeat format and option tuple.
Get a single item from the database. If no id is given it will return all items
Build a khmer graph from a list of input files.
Connect to the facebook server and return a response. If the user is not able to connect
Run an X11 command on the given node.
Rounds a number up to a given number of significant digits.
Return True if the distribution is ubuntu.
Returns a snippet of critical checks for a given unit.
Returns information about a playlist in mpd format.
Normalize a column of numbers to the median of the median of the median of all the numbers
Installs the specified add - ons.
Load an application from a file. If kind is str the application is loaded as a string
Configure a Cloudpipe instance.
Returns a datetime. datetime object representing the given date and time.
Return a list of tracks that match the given track id.
Return a list of all the roles in the user s group.
Check if the driver is compatible with the given interface and agent types.
Test for a string to be ascii - friendly. This is useful for testing a string with
Get the cache for the current request.
Return the path to the solrctl file.
Reexec the current executable with the given list of updated modules. If updated modules is not
Use oslo logger.
Test uninstall before upgrade from url.
Filter bad releases from a given name. Return True if the name is valid False otherwise.
Return the cloud image for a given VM
Get all series with the given name.
Find a stored ticket for a bridge and return its master key and ticket. If the ticket
True if the expression is a square root.
Create a cgi dict from a parsed url object.
Generate all files in a directory and return a tuple of the text and the number of times
Return a list of backup files from the given backup info object.
Return True if k is negative and False if k is positive and False if k is negative
Return a list of the basis vectors of g in the given ring. The basis is sorted
Clear the cache of spontaneous jinja2 environments and lexer caches.
Create a newline token.
Get a preview of an image. If include censored is True the image will be
Create a style object from a list of attributes and a parent style object.
Track a given event for a given bookmark.
Get the installer for a given module. If the module is not installed the installer will be
Get the current location of the script.
Blur an image with a gaussian blur.
Import a module and return a list of class and function information.
Return a dictionary of s3 representation of a list of records.
Test the priority of a pip command.
Count the differences between actual and expected. The actual and expected must be lists of strings.
Load a PEM or AS certificate from the given data and return a tuple of the certificate and
List all snapshots for a given domain. If no domain is specified all snapshots are returned.
Get the arguments of a function. If the function is a method it will be converted to
Get all roles assigned to a user.
Setup all the modules in the app.
Make a sandbox on prod.
Calculate the square root of x.
Get a list of attempts for the given request.
Get the absolute number for a given show and season and episode.
Search for an ISO reference in XenAPI.
Export a list of all languages in the database sorted by language name.
Ensure all licenses are present in the database.
View the account with the given id.
Return a polynomial of length m with the same shape as p.
Get the orientation of an image according to the EXIF header.
Cancels a primitive from the given sympy polynomial.
Swap the current process memory with the current process memory.
Update the ssl configuration with the values from the options dict.
Return the short name of a URI.
Execute a CLI command on the remote host.
Remove all UUIDs from the database.
Validate the handlers to make sure they are properly set up. If file is set to True
Search for a kernel in a directory or file tree.
Create a socket object and connect it to the given port. If no port is given the
Load data from disk and return as a Dataframe object.
Create a file at the given path and return it as a file - like object.
Read a DSSP file and return a dictionary of keys and their values.
Chuang f3.
Get the user secrets manager.
Split a key - value string into a tuple of key - value pairs.
Return True if the salt is a virtual machine or False if it is a virtual machine.
Make a directory if it doesn t already exist.
Return a list of bounds for a given list of sizes.
Return a new matrix that translates the given values to the given coordinates.
Renames a key
Start the viewer with the given filename. If no filename is given the viewer will be started
Create a test suite.
Convert an RGB value to a 256 - bit RGB value.
Decode a hex string into a hex string.
Instrument a declarative class with the given registry and metadata.
The main entry point for the script. This is the entry point for the script. It
Get the disk size for a given VM and Linode. If the Linode does not
Main entry point for the neutron command line tool. This is the main entry point for
Upload a summary to the report store.
Check if the given octet is a quopri header.
Evaluate an op on the feed dict using a batch of n samples.
Return the manual difference of the sympy function f with the given symbol.
Promote the latest version of the release to the latest version of the current version.
A context manager to create a mock session with an HTTP client.
Create a new CloudPipe project.
Create a directory if it doesn t already exist. If it does exist it will be created
Get a connection to the given storage account and key. If no storage account and key are
This is the main entry point for the application. It is the main entry point for the
Handle the activity of a post. If the post is the team discussion and the user is
Request a layer from a config.
Creates a crossfade command that can be used to crossfade the given number of
Write data to a file. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Generate a random asset metadata.
Perform the binskim command. If run is set to True the bin will be run
Count the number of users following the current logged in user.
View a user s profile. If the user is not logged in a 404 is returned.
Populate the collectors with the data from coldir. The collectors are initialized with the
Return a list of all the modules in the given path. If the module is a module
Get the verbose label for a given field. If the field does not exist in the model
test ncr wrong nn obj
Return a list of modules that can be used to run salt - auth on the minion.
Return a list of items from a list that are not the given item.
Checks if the given namespace is visible in the current context.
Calculate the raised height for a grid of height num starting at a given start point.
Divide two numbers and return a new array with the result.
Get a list of all directories in the browser.
Set the timezone for the minion
Return a list of bug reports for the current app or the current app if none is provided
Jump to the previous window.
Return a tuple of monomial powers n of a monomial.
Get the svn revision from the svn. entries file. If no path is given
Open a connection to an SSH server and log in to it.
Get a track function for a given student and xmodule instance.
Returns the url of the given viewname with the given args kwargs request and format.
Create a file system in the specified format. If no format is specified the default format is
List all mock games in a directory.
Get a list of valid domains.
Verify that all indices in an object are unique. Raises an error if they are not.
Get virtual interface by instance uuid and network id.
Get resources on service clients.
Return the absolute path to a file or directory relative to gluon s home directory.
Return a list of objects that match the given query. If no fields are provided all objects
Check if the download directory is the same as the complete directory. If it s the same
Get the path to the disk from the virt element.
Encode an image into a list of images.
Concatenate a list of arguments to a URL.
Get the status of the given token.
Assign a random category to a resource.
Install the given MPT into the system. Returns True if the installation was successful.
Write a fake ring to disk.
Print a papachan to the console. This is useful when you want to print
Simple test function for testing RZ. This is a test function for testing the RZ
Initialize the Fflayer parameters.
Generate a list of projects.
Get the tag name of an element.
Create a list of tasks based on the given task.
Create a spyder action.
Returns the index of b in a or raises an error if b is not present in a
Parse a signed request and return the data if it matches the app secret.
Merge old with new. If deep merge is set to True the new value will be merged
Call a function and store the result in the results queue. If the function returns an exception
Return the absolute path of the given path. If the path is not absolute it will be
Convert a graph into an Edges list.
Check the quota for a given image size and image id. If the image size is not
Update an existing document in the search index with the given id.
Move the cursor to the beginning of the history and move to the end of the history.
Get a list of locations for a given user.
Get the ICO for a given grade.
Test the log locator set parameters.
Break a text with a random parent key and return the parent key and the child key.
Returns a URL - safe base64 - encoded hash of the given SHA - 256 hash.
Receive data from the client and push it to the buffer queue.
Return a generator of all tokens in the stream that have not been stopped.
Create a new Wsgi resource.
Get a set of words from a page. If page is a unicode string it will be
Check if a document has a permission for a given type.
Add a list of query parameters to a query string.
Corruption a byte string.
Convert a string to a unicode string if possible. If os. path. supports unicode filenames
Clean up classification parameters in a caffe. net. Parameter object.
Return a list of paths from the given list of items with the given type and item.
Summarize a string into a list of strings.
Find the path to a repository in the database.
Test video embedding.
Stop and dump the running processes.
Create a rounded rectangle with the given size and radius. If fill is True the rectangle will
Get a hold from a line. If full is True return the full hold. Otherwise return
Repair the central directory in a zip file.
Update an image.
Get the field info for a given model.
Given a mime type and a list of parsed media ranges return the best fitness and the quality
Get all overrides for a given ccx.
Verify the checksum of the given buffer. Returns True if the checksum is valid False otherwise.
Generate a discrete sequence of length n from a given distribution or cumulative distribution.
Create an SMTP rule.
Return a human - readable string representation of the given number of seconds.
pointer 3 - > pointer 3 - > pointer 3 - > pointer 3 - > pointer 3
Filter out lines that match the regex in options. skip_requirements. If no regex is
Create a new instance of the class with the same parameters as the given model. The model
Generate a unique id for a given user.
Show a keypair for a user or a user s account.
Modify the tags of a node.
Return the virtual type of the LDAP connection.
Create a new node with the given arguments.
Generate a sphinx extension for the given app. If exception is True the extension is skipped.
Show the info for a given message. If no message is given the message will be displayed
Return the s3 rest controller for the current project.
Convert a multidict to a dictionary. If auto collapse is enabled the keys will be
Bind a role and account id to a role s context.
Minimize a trust region.
Returns a string that can be used to execute an oracle query against the database. This is
Get a list of clients that should be checked in. If no list is given all clients
Returns the i th item in the list or the default if the i is out of range
Permute a list of lists into a list of lists of lists of num elements.
Test shared float32 constructor with ctypes. cuda. shared.
Load the SVM from a pickle file. If is regression is True the SVM is
Create a simplified loop path.
Kill the old process if it exists.
L1 of the absolute value of a tensor.
URL - encode a list of items.
Write an external book relationship to an XML file.
Divide x by y and return the result as a float.
Triger the given events by masking the events with the given mask type.
Print a list of nands to the console. This is useful when you want to print
Return the virtual name of the oracle instance. If the oracle instance is not available return the
Write data to a file.
Display the spam dashboard for a given number of days. If there are no spam dashboards
Add a collar to the shaft.
Convert a string to a slug.
Execute the given plan. If index is None then the old plan is used. If verbose
Create a new node and return a response to the user.
Validate that a stringlist is a list of strings. If it s a string it will
Return a local resource url for a block.
Returns the current language of the template.
Convert a list of int64 values into a tf. train. feature list.
Create a null error tracker for the given message. This is useful when you want to track
Get a new client log url.
Get the carving from the XML parser.
Given a list of synsets and a dictionary of labels find the human readable labels.
Split an expression into two surds and two surds. The first two surds are
Find the max occupancy node in a list of directories.
Computes the rosen hess of a matrix x.
Remove tags from a string.
Check if a device is a valid partition.
Move a file from src to dest and create a symlink if it doesn t already exist.
Make a rowkey from start and end time.
Get the tag for the given instance uuid.
Get the configuration for the current backend.
Find the name of a notifier on an object. If the notifier does not exist it will
Get a list of snippets by file name and function name.
Create a new course.
Create a new loop from a loopinfo and a set of blocks.
Get the version number of the project at the given path. If the path does not exist
Calculate the hash of a file in opensubtitles. Returns none if the file is too
Lookup the CNAME for the given domain.
Setup a new platform with the given configuration.
Run the salt - spm command.
Get the address of an organisation. If the row is not an organisation return the
Check if the given keyword arguments are valid exclusive options. If the keyword argument is pretty -
Add a node to the cluster
Return information about a certificate.
Create a signing keyset with the given name.
Returns a tuple containing a boolean and a string.
Record a result for a given exchange in the database.
Test root mean absolute error.
A fixture that wraps readline. readline and returns it as a string. This is useful for
Add serializer errors to the given field.
build initiator target map from connector and target wwns.
Change the name of a table.
Return a finder that can be used to find files in a given directory. This is a
n is the number of elements in the lut that are accurate. This function is used to
Download a file from origin to destination.
Create a new user with the given username and password. If the user already exists it will
Create a list of slices from start to stop with a given length and step.
Return a copy of a with the prefix removed. If prefix is not present a is returned
Create a named temporary file.
Load multiple databases from a gb file. Return the number of loaded databases.
Returns a list of newest peps ordered by path starting with the most published pep.
Return a list containing all elements of the input sequences.
Unpack the given source into a caveat and polished version.
Fork a new process in the current working directory and return its pid.
symmetric decorrelation of a matrix w. w is assumed to be a symmetric matrix.
Detach a volume from the cluster.
Read a list of coil points from the given directory and return them as a list.
Generate a random secret.
Get a new instance of the smoother repository. This is a wrapper around the smooth
Create a string buffer with the specified size. If size is none create a new buffer with
Get and verify the size of a list of data objects.
Display the current module name.
Return a warning message for the given exception. If debug is True print the traceback of the
Return True if the given doctype matches the given conditions. If the doctype does not match the
Get the units and spheroid for a given SRID.
Sanitize a redirect URL to ensure it is a valid hostname. If it s not a
Pre - compute the frequency windows for a time series. This is done by precomputing
Calculate the average precision for a given set of labels. The precision is the average of the
Clear the cache.
Create a new group and return a reference to it.
Return a list of roots of a linear function f.
Create a diff between two objects.
Get the current speed limit.
Set the date in the given info object based on the given date string. If original is
Check if an object is hashable.
Return a list of file extensions sorted by priority.
Show the options of the user. This is useful when you want to show the options of
Convert a resource to a variable.
Parse the remainder of a list of arguments into a single string.
Build a wedge text source from a pandas DataFrame.
Parse a trust root from a file path.
Print out the help for the command line tool.
Create a package in the given project with the given name in the given sourcefolder.
Run a request. If interactive is True redirect to the url of the request. If interactive
Get the style attribute of a node as a dictionary. If the node has no style attribute
Return a query object for the relationship with the given id and name.
Get the class alias for a given class.
Compute the squared difference between two vectors.
Parse a sqlite table schema string into a dictionary with the table name as the key and the
Returns a string representation of the given acl and options.
Return a list of popular urls.
Commit all changes to the database and clean the cache.
Return an iterator over all windows services.
Show a list of users following a dataset.
Get the status of a task from a VM state and a task state.
Delete an existing project.
Get a temporary directory for use with Galaxy.
Return a list of all disabled plugins.
Test that the popup is injected in the response. This is useful when you want to test
Set the GID of the current process.
Destroy an instance. If update is set to True the instance will be updated at the top
Specifies the API version to be used for the API request. Defaults to none.
Return a list of all available path names.
Get the full path to the makefile. This is the full path to the makefile
Return a technical 500 error response.
Generator that yields a sequence of numbers from 0 to i + num - 1.
Collapses a SWA message into a single SOAP message.
Tear down the test database.
Flattens a nested dict into a single nested dict with keys separated by sep.
Return a list of unicode objects that are safe for use in a query string.
Return a dictionary with the package name as key and a list of lists of lists of strings
Create a swig library and register it in blade.
Convert a string to a format dictionary.
Get loops in descending order of areas.
Unescape doctests in text.
Format an email as a public email address.
Generate a 3 - byte UUID from a namespace and a name.
Switch the current request to the given request name.
Replace all occurrences of the given options in the given document with the values in the given dictionary
Set the default tax for the order.
Measure the number of lines in a list of tables and return a tuple of the lengths of
Read the contents of a git HEAD. If the head is a file it will be read
Convert a token and tag into a penntreebank.
Strips the first occurrence of a string from the beginning of a string.
Update the parent s status based on the status of the message. If the message is not
Group tokens in tlist with cls. m. open and cls. m. close.
Get the minimum of two complex numbers.
Return a dictionary of metakeys with prefix prfx replaced by prfx.
Sample a function with a given number of arguments. If num is given the function will return
Move a song to another song in the song list and display the list in the GUI.
Stop a running service.
Validate that the update is a valid string and that it starts with the first character in the
Copy or rename a transcript.
Raise an exception if the name does not match any of the given characters.
Set the http library and return the http object.
Return data to redis and return it back to the client.
Check if the command line arguments are valid. If not exit with an error message.
Run a command in the context of a task. The command is run in the context of
Get a new instance of the Wide repository.
Return the tag of the current version.
Write the output to a file. If the file name is not specified the output will be
Check to see if the named cluster is present or not.
Send a signal to the master. If no signal is given all signals will be sent.
Remove the first n characters from the beginning of a string. If the string is longer than
Get a spacewalk client and key for a given spacewalk server. If no spacewalk
Create a manager class from a django engine.
Show a single instance of a specific provider. If no provider is configured nothing is done.
Get a random cron date time.
A context manager that runs profiling on the context of a context manager.
Create a temporary file and return its name.
Authenticates all identities in the database. The identity will be synced to the database every
Returns a list of gens for a given symbol in the given polynomial.
Find a host in the given aggregate with the given host reference.
Compare two optimizers with a grid of functions and a parameter grid of the same name.
Service all messages in the lane stack and store them in the msgs dict.
Create a deferred class for a given model and a list of attributes.
Unpack an argument from the command - line and return the value. If the value is None
Split the digest data into a list of values.
Sobel h vertical.
Update an instance in the database.
Validate a config object to make sure it is a dictionary and that all of its values are
Returns True if the requesting user can access the blocks of the given course key.
Create a new boto module and add it to the sys. modules.
Run jsonreport on the given feature name.
Show a list of sale orders and a list of sale statuses for a user.
Evaluate the given file contents and return the result of the check. The file contents must be
Remove leading and trailing whitespace from a multiline string.
Validate that the argmax function returns non - NA. If skipna is True then the function
Return a string with the length of the string and the bytes of the string t.
Test bootstrap length.
Copy volume glance metadata to a snapshot.
Return a dict of all the available mounts on the minion
Return information about a BTRFS device.
Test that deep bases win over dependents.
Get the platform of the current platform.
Process an XML element.
Update an element based on the values of the previous element and the values of the new element
Check the size of a file and raise an exception if there is not enough free space.
Get the details for a given etag.
Put a keyset into the secrets manager.
Get the transfer closest surrounding loop to the given location. If there are more than num surrounding
Create a deferred property that will return True if the column is deferred. If the column is
Write an unpaired sequence to an XML file.
Generate a list of dicts with the depth link and text for each heading.
Return the name of the database in the given file.
Compile a regular expression pattern into a regular expression object. If the pattern is not a string
Get the bcaddress version from a base58 - encoded address.
Tuplize a dictionary of strings into a dictionary of integers.
Create a new user on the server. The user will be added to the server and the
test managed file mode keep helper
Return the currently active provider or None if there is no active provider.
Return a list of all the ancestors of a given pe.
Initialize a cookie jar and check that it has the same number of cookies as the cooki
Decrypts data using AES - CBC and PKCS5 padding if mode is AES - C
Load the results directory into a temporary directory and return the directory and the directory where it was
Return the outgoing URL for the given URL. If the URL is not a valid URL return
Get a list of all the comments in the database sorted by the number of comments.
Split a list into n sub - lists of length n. If n is less than n
Move the unblocked list to the blocked list and move the blocked list to the blocked list
Process a bitmap file and return a tuple of the size width height planes bitcount and data
Deconstructs a file name into a chunk name and a mode if it s a
Create a congestion control packet.
Return the interface of the given host.
Calculate the GC content for a given sequence.
Create a security group rule.
Create a new provider uri from a list of providers.
Join two or more paths and ensure that they are relative to the base path.
Get the q - value for a given codon.
Get the best fitness and quality for a mime type and a list of parsed media ranges.
S3 demographic controller.
Add two dicts by their keys and return a new dict with the values added.
Check if the current host is a subdomain. If it s a subdomain then add it to
Check if a string is all tenants.
Decrement any number in a list of tuples by num and return a list of tuples.
Context manager that sets the context s mode to the given mode. The context s mode is
Plots a 3D scatter plot with a color and a scale of 1. 0.
Test that raises an error if the input is not 2 - dim.
Return a matplotlib. patches. rectangle object.
Send a message to a backend.
Send an alarm message to the given bot.
Test function for numpy. broadcast and numpy. broadcast_to.
Get a photometer by name.
Associate an instance with a fixed IP pool.
Add a command to the given menu.
Return True if the LRC of the given data is the same as the given check.
Make a paginated api response.
Set up the coordinator driver and return the coordinator object.
Return the netbsd gpu data from the pcictl output.
Disable the select mechanism. This is a no - op. Use with caution.
Test terrain import of an exception. This is useful when you want to import an exception
Get the full path to the data directory for a component.
Given an API key and a list of stage keys disassociate them from the API key.
Transform an explike derivative to a derivative of a derivative of a derivative of a derivative of
Open a remote file or a remote file in local mode. If the remote file is a
Compare a value with a version.
Returns True if matplotlib is interactive False otherwise.
Attach issue custom attributes to a queryset.
Get the script name from the given WSGI environment.
Search for text in the Sprockets Protein Protein Protein Index.
Create a new site in the Mariadb database.
Encode text as a URL - safe string and return it as a unicode string.
Return a list of recommendations for the given user.
The user object that will be saved when the user is saved. The user object will be
Return a dictionary of player stats for each player in the data dictionary.
Get a list of options for the current session.
Returns the overhang span for the given element and node.
Returns the x - axis label for the given epoch axis.
The main entry point for the application. This is the main entry point for the application.
Get the default timezone. If the time zone is specified it will be used. Otherwise it
Return a relative URI from base to to.
Remove a string value from the config. If the value is not a string it will be
Print a link to the user.
Get a reference to a virtual machine by name.
Load the gradient boosting model from a pickle file.
Send a registration completion email to the user.
Search the wiki for the given query and return a list of the results and the raw results
Return a list of handlers that should be installed or excluded.
Add xfs options to mkfs option.
Validate that the object is unique or not. If the object is not unique raises an error
Expands variables in a swi file into a swi string. This is useful for
Ensures that the given context attribute exists. If it does not it will set the given default
Perform a pre - prediction on the given stream and predictor using the given colors and bits
Return the synopsis of a file. If the file has been modified since the last time
Returns True if the given number is possible for the given region dialing from.
Temporarily disable sys. excepthook.
Detect the operating system from the grains dictionary.
Return the norm of the brightness between two images.
Redirect to the first n times of a given string.
Return a branch of the results in a list of results. The last result will be the
Obtain the device type from a list of device types.
Return a list of positional arguments for a function.
Test export operator.
Return True if the FGraph contains a softmax op.
Update the viewer with the data in the given dataset.
process element node by derivation
Convert a size string to a number of bytes.
Check if the module should be skipped based on the given options.
Sends an e - mail to a list of recipients. If fail is True the message will
Tests that fix is not fixed.
Compute the left and right audioclips of the given audio clip. The audio clip
Installs the Twisted reactor in the main thread.
Convert text to bytes. If text is a string it will be converted to bytes. If
Convert metablock to HTML.
Return a slice of obj from a to b where a and b are integers.
Source tmux config files and run tmux commands.
Create an artifact for the given entity id and message handle.
Log in a user with the given username and password. If facility is specified it will be
Check if a user is not present in the system. If it is present it will be
Remove a scan from W3C. This endpoint is used to remove a scan from W
Return a list of all the points in the loop that are outside of the loop.
Fetch an inventory from a remote server.
Get the most popular groups.
Return a dict of network io counters for the specified interface.
Convert stuff to a string if it s not already a string. If it s a string
Convert a path to a unicode string if it s a bytes object. If it s a
Get the current version number from the version. txt file.
Return the current version of the python interpreter. If the current version is less than the version
Make a subprocess with the given arguments.
Load a certificate and key from a path.
Checks if the original file is out of date with the derived file.
Return a list of all users. If no connection is given the default connection will be used
Evaluate the given space and return a dictionary with the result of evaluating the given assignment.
Show a snapshot of the cloud
Return True if the restart is freeze False otherwise.
Returns a polynomial of the given polynomials. If n is greater than or equal to the
Return a ctypes array of the given shape and type.
Convert a string to a floating point number. If the value is not a floating point number
Takes a list of tags and returns a dict with the tags as keys and the values as
Returns the current language of the template.
Get a list of epochs from the FITS file. If the file does not exist it
Return the contents of a URL as a base64 encoded string.
Get the element at a given rank in a list of data.
Extract SNMP data from SNMP data.
Validate that value is of type string.
Read a GPI from a file - like object handle and return a GPI object.
Generate a proto from a source file and return it as an echospawn object
Checks that the command output contains multiple times with the given text.
Update a group type in the database. If the group does not exist it will be created
Create or get an address by name and region. If the address already exists it will be
Find the first unfinished word in a line.
Determine the list arguments from the command - line options and return them as a dictionary.
Return a list of all languages in the movie. If there is no language in the movie
The main entry point for the application. This is the main entry point for the application.
Checks that the given string is in the output of the command getstatusoutput.
Return True if the given URL has an explicit scheme and host or path.
Test that a step fails.
Setup logging for a given product.
Return a URL - escaped version of the given string.
Redirect to an S3 location.
return the path to the MAVLink dot file in the current working directory. If no name
Convert a volume id to an EC2 volume id.
XORs two byte arrays and returns a list of the result of the XOR operation.
Find a file in the minion s fileserver and return a dictionary of the full path and
Returns a list of strings that represent the commands in the client.
Compare two media types.
Return a string representation of the given sentence.
Return a list of the runners that match any of the given strings. If no strings
Dissassociates a profile from a role. Returns True if the role was disassociated
Register a string as a Lua crypto command.
Return a list of profiles in a given directory.
Delete a metadef property.
Add an application to the state.
Returns a tuple containing a boolean and a string indicating whether the virtual environment should be used.
Check if the user agent is buggy.
Expands environment variables in a path. The path can be a string or a unicode object
Recreate all instances in a MIG.
Return a list of the names of all bears in the project.
Return the number of base64 characters in s.
Encode a base58 string into a base58 string.
Handle an error while resizing a video.
Validate a password using a list of password validators.
Create a JUnit XML test suite with the given test name class name and testcase name
Create a stubborn dict from a list of dicts.
Return the identity of an object.
Check if a user can assign an article to a staff.
Cache the call signatures. This is used to cache the call signatures. This is used to
List all tables in a dataset.
Show a key in the database. kwargs can be a dict or a list of strings.
Setup the platform with the given configuration.
Get the full path to the module with the given dotted name. If the dotted name is
Returns a tuple of the maximum length of a line. If multiline is True the line is
Fetch the content of the given URL and return it as a string. If the request fails
Replace a variable in a string with a default value.
Test that no stdlib collections are available.
Compute the kurtosis of an array.
Get a course by its id.
Start the babysitter server.
Return True if the salt string is a virtual machine or False if it is a virtual machine
Initialize the working set. This is the main function that will be called when the working set
Injects a network into a file system.
Create a local config file from the mobsf home directory.
Create a t with the given number of cols cells per column and check synapse consistency.
Test that the service schema is valid.
Test specifying features in the inner directory.
Hyper - to - Meijerg function.
Check if a path is entirely inside a list of loops.
Check that the given estimator has the given method. If the method is a string it will
Create a number of random bytes and write it to stdout.
Execute a query in the database and return the result as a list or a single row.
Install nodejs from a different version.
Return the f - part of x.
Get the size of a URL in bytes.
set vif host backend
Prompt the user to clone a repository to a new directory.
Check for redundant virtual statements.
Install and run the tscript in the current python environment.
Explodes the user s account. This is a long - lived example of how
Create a new multiprocessing. Pool with the given number of processes and an optional initializer function.
List the contents of the system in a tab - separated format.
p initializer list 1 - > list 1 - > list 1 - > list 1 - >
Load a module from an example file.
True if the token is a string.
Convert a list - like object to a timedelta64 or datetime - like object.
Convert a boolean value to a bitarray.
Generate a summary of an alignment.
Pads logits and labels to the same shape as logits.
Calculate the negation of a list of polynomials f and p and k.
Parse a path expression into a domain and port.
Callback for the port - range option.
Get an SSL adapter class from a string or module name.
Configure the mappers if the mapper is being instrumented. This method is called when the
Add a value to a value and return the result as a new value.
Expands a string into an expression that can be used as an expression in a template.
Assert that two strings are equal. If they are not raise an error with a unified diff
Get the city code from the request.
This is the main entry point for the cisco module. It is the main entry
Convert a URL to a mid number.
Get a CCX object for a given course and coach.
Return the sortkey of the given SQLAlchemy SQLAlchemy SQLAlchemy operator.
Update a package in the database.
Ensure that the host is the same as the vm.
Convert a value to bytes. If the value is a memoryview it will be converted to
Remove a role from a user s role list.
Return a page missing response.
Build a base64 encoded image from a list of numpy. ndarrays.
Handle the case where the logical line is not a Cinder line.
Create a Windmill client with the given user and password. If no client is
Split title into title and year.
Compute the sine of a power distribution at a given point in the range [ p x
Format a number according to the current locale.
Register a template to be included in a template string. The template string will be joined with
Return the LBP difference between f and g. f and g must have the same
Build an HTML page from a classified text.
Fix connectivity matrix to n - component connected components. If the connectivity matrix is not a square
Run a function in the Bayesian Network with the given parameters. The function is called
Return the html of the first element matching the css selector.
Register the current user as a contributor.
Return a list of the elements of the list f starting at index u starting at index k
Return collection creation only option.
start the webserver
Convert a request body to a string. If the request body is a string it will be
Print the name of the expression in the tree t. If the expression doesn t exist print
Get a deterministic value for a given table name and maximum value.
Adds a command to the command list and returns a list of responses. If the command list
Get a list of all roles for a given path. If no path is given all roles
Get the preferred encoding of the current locale.
Send a JSON response to the client. If content type is not specified the response will be
Return a dictionary of all the modules in the given full. If the full is not a
Compile the string as an ast and return the result as a string.
Return one level output for the given data. The output is a list of lists of values
Check if a bridge is absent
Test that str is not in django. contrib. locales. locale. locale. locale.
Parse a usage specific string and return a dictionary of the data.
Get all sharing strategies.
Returns a list of available languages.
Run the given command in the given shell. Returns an error if the command fails to execute
Save an event to the event manager.
Unpack a ZIP file into the given directory.
Execute a function on a list of objects in parallel. Returns a tuple of the results and
Stop a running shell command. Returns True if the command is stopped False if the command is
Create a new user in the database. If superuser is True the user will be created
Normalize a simple form set and return a list of normalized form sets. attr is a list
Return a human readable delta between start and end.
Return the current user as a string. If there is no current user return an empty string
Compute the signature of a message using a secret.
Return a list of osquery. table. Table objects from osquery. osquery.
Resizes bitmap to target height. If height is less than target height the bitmap will be
Get python code from a list of paths.
Get a connection to the Nova server.
Create a new gax logging service for the given GaxClient instance.
Attach task statuses to a queryset.
Get points in the harrisim that are within the specified range.
Decrypt data using AES - CBC.
Test initialization of the database.
Upgrades a bill to a given number of days.
Get the position of a window in a given folder.
Update an image member.
Remove the zone slave from the master device.
p init declarator list 2 - > declarator list 3 - > declarator list 4
test dict to idict
Get monitoring information for a given VM.
Run a command in a directory.
Iterate over all platform files in a directory.
Return a clustering tree from a distance matrix using a linkage function. The distance matrix is
Create base dir if it doesn t already exist. If quiet is set to True it will
Return a local random number generator.
Return a list of channels that are in the inverse of the given list of channels.
Delete a group. If the request is a POST request the group will be deleted. If
Dereference the type of a string.
Return a random rainbow string.
Convert a Python code object to a file - like object that can be written to a file
Checks if a phone number can be dialled using international dialling.
Computes the LCM of two primitive numbers f g and k and returns the result.
Delete a namespace from the database and cascade it to all of it s child namespaces.
Return a grey version of the given image as an image object with a boolean grey
Returns a function that can be used to create a new instance of the class with the given
Get a number of points from a path.
Test that a string is not found in the caplog.
Unquote a string and return it as a string. The string will be converted to a
Choose a random number in the range [ 0 num ) where k = k + 1.
Read the contents of a file. If the file is remote return the contents of the file
Main entry point for the command line tool.
Get the location of the dropbox folder from the host database.
Test the default task loading of the fab. txt file.
Return a template for the given value.
Chebyshev distance between two vectors.
Check if the named service is enabled. If the service is not enabled a message will be
Convert a format string from POSIX format to LDIF format.
Test the gascost of an EIP150 opcode.
Select a random node from a list of nodes or raise an error if the list is empty
Return the datetime format for the given locale. If no format is given the default format is
Extract valid arguments from a function s arguments.
Display the content of a template if it is cached.
Serialize an event for the given user. If no event description is provided the event description is
Store rendered templates in the store.
Create a new environ object with the given path base url and args. If no base url
Convert a binary file into a binary file. If out is not specified the file will be
Invert the monoms of a Polynomial.
Test contravariance. This is useful for testing the contravariance of a
Bar - like function with timeperiods added. count is the number of elements to add.
Return a generator of all the files in the directory.
Parse the response into an asynchronous operation. If the response is None return none. If the
Wrap the given socket only if it is not already an ssl. ssl. ssl object.
Add a qute help handler to the command line.
Return a list of all roles in the whitelist.
Get the contrast indices for a given effect index and number of factors.
Return a dictionary with the current platform information.
Return the path of the given resource in the order they appear in the given elements.
Get the filenames of the example directory and return them as a generator of tuples.
Flattens a list of strings into a list of lists.
Count the number of cells in the form.
Get the parent theme name from the given theme name. If the theme name does not exist
Validate image values.
Get a runner for the given classpath main jvm options args executor cwd distribution create synthetic jar if
Find a dumb path in a list of challbs based on a list of preferences
Omni - norm test for a set of resids.
Return True if the current process supports colorization.
Setup the platform with the given configuration and add the devices to the hass device list.
Get repository metadata by changeset revision. If there are more than one metadata for the given repository
Create a new thread with the given name and connection.
Parse a string into an expat. Expat object. If namespaces is set to True
Return a test suite with all the tests in the test suite list.
Log the request headers.
L2 norm of an array of length n. If copy is True the array will be
Install a python package in the current environment. Returns True if the installation was successful False otherwise
Move files from source to destination. If destination is a directory the files will be moved to
Run the pa11y crawler with the given options.
Create a new pool in Quantum.
Remove hextochr characters from a string and return a new string.
Print the usage and exit with the given number of arguments.
Make an entry with a text box and a label. If the entry is a text box
Convert a string to unicode if it s not already a unicode string.
Manages the imported files of a given version and updates their md5 and commit.
Given a list of tokens return a list of tokens that are applied to the functions in the
Create a networkx graph with the given action and context.
Unfollow a thread.
Multiplies a number by two and returns the result as a float.
Create a deep copy of the contours of the given component and add them to the parent.
Get security group id from security group name list.
Return a list of all configuration options.
Create a truncated tetrahedron graph.
Return a list of all nodes in the cluster. If no nodes are selected return all nodes
Count the number of times x is contained in v. If x is not contained in v
Create a bokeh pull node.
Run alembic migrations on online.
Unmounts a file or directory at the given path.
Return a rejection line of size n with the given alpha in the range [ 0 num
Train a masking layer with a recurrent LSTM and a LSTM.
Convert an XML element into a GeoJSON object.
Publish an activity exploration to a committer. The committer must be the committer
Setup the platform with the given config and add the devices to the list of available devices.
Return the current date as a string.
Convert a password to a dictionary of meta data.
Set the console mode for the given file descriptor.
Generate a poisoning report from the given parameters.
Detect if a string is present in the code. If it is the first character of the
Return a list of all IPv4 or IPv6 addresses that are not allowed.
Test find module 2.
Decorator to close the first reaper in a test suite.
Prompt the user for input and return the result.
Returns a random integer in the range [ start stop ). If seed is not None the
Convert xl cell to row and column absolute values.
Strip the handshake from the specified capfile to the specified capfile. If the program doesn
Get the status of the engine and all of its slots. The status is a dictionary of
Remove a playlist.
Create an index if it doesn t exist.
Seed a list of disks with a non - shared version of libvirt. Returns True if the
Parse the given expression and return the result.
Return a datetime. datetime object for d seconds. If now is None return the current time
Get a sessionmaker instance for the given engine. If autocommit is True the session will
Check if the root is excluded from the list of excludes.
Get a list of all public certificates. If deadline is not specified all public certificates will be
Download a corpus from NLTK.
Get the path to a file in a plugin s media directory.
Convert a DC record to a dictionary.
Add a namespace to the request object.
Construct a snap name from a volume object.
Intercept a command with the given arguments.
Extract the connection pool from urllib3. The original connectionpool is used to wrap the socket
Check if the request is over18 or not. If so set c. obey to
Create a new figure manager from a figure object.
Convert a list of lists into a list of lists of lists of lists of values.
Create a directory at the given path. If the directory already exists it will be overwritten.
Create or update an ACL on a bucket.
Convert an integer to an integer in the range 0 - 9 inclusive.
Calculate the footprint of the given object.
Send a message to a kafka topic and return the result.
Replace a variable in a list of arguments with a new value. If arg is a string
Trigger a build for a project. If no version is given the latest version of the project
Generate a nonce key for the given server url timestamp and salt.
Return the list of arguments to pass to the build command.
Check if the user has access to manage the given project.
Get the timestamp to use for the given frequency. If the given frequency is less than the
Generate a markembling colour.
A function to be used as a parametrization for pytest. mark. parametr
Get the top rated exploration summaries.
Create a socket connection to the given destination address using the given proxy settings.
Return a logger instance for this project.
Get the host information for a replication group. Returns none if the group does not exist.
Apply a decorator to a function and return a new function with the result of the decorated function
Build a URL from the given arguments and return the result as a string.
Rastrigin scaled.
Generate a URL from an argument. If stable is set to True the URL will be stable
Convert a frequency string into a frequency code and stride.
Search for images and videos based on a search term.
Return a string representation of an object.
Multiplies this matrix by the given scalar. If the scalar is a variable it will be
Convert an exception to a pickleable exception.
Check if a string is not supported by the clipboard.
Compute the dot product of two vectors.
Handle cinder localization strings.
Get the poster of a video.
Get the current global dict and local dictionary. If the stack is empty create a new one
Assert that two URIs are equal.
Check for extra requirements for a package. Returns True if the package is installed False otherwise.
Get a multiprocess storage backend for a given file.
Returns a unicode string if the Python version is the same as the Python version. Otherwise returns
Get the list of sources for the given zone.
Compare two revisions of a document and return the result as a JSON response.
Returns true if m and n are disjoint. If strict is set to True then the
Create a new instance of the given kind for the given project resource and offset.
Wrapper around emr. list that patch the cluster timeline so that we don t have to
Add or remove a certificate exception for a student in a given course.
Setup the platform with the given config and add the devices to the list of available devices.
Initialize the output socket. This function is called when the output stream is ready to be used
Convert a list of polynomials to an array of polynomials for a given index.
Get resource limits.
Create a sound table from a sound file.
Check if an argument is a numpy array or a float or complex number.
Setup the platform with the given config and add the devices to the given list of devices.
Sample mean mean over timeperiod. count is the number of samples in the dataset. time
Compile a binary expression in the form of a string and a list of strings.
Return True if the user is logged in and False if not.
Monkey patch tarfile. copyfileobj to use copyfileobj instead of wale. copyfileobj
Test for HTML generation.
Return an SSL context for the given host. If the given host is not an SSL context
A route that adds a product to a store.
Check the version of Mayavi is greater than or equal to min version.
Show the remote URLs for each app in the project s repo.
Create a window with projections lines and circles.
Returns a cached timezone object for the current time zone. The default timezone is the settings.
Return a string representation of a datetime in milliseconds since a given epoch. If no epoch is
Checks if a given token is equal to a given value. Returns true if and only if
Get non - intersecting grid point on a line.
Set a system info value. If the system info already exists it will be overwritten.
Returns a dictionary of references to the given field in the given table. If the field is
Get a logging handler. If debug is set to True it will print stdout otherwise it will
Return a generator of all the SQL queries for the given app.
Load n sprites from a caffe image and return them as a numpy array.
Return the shelter s3 rest controller as a list of strings.
Get the padding type based on the kernel parameters and the input image and output image shapes.
Return a list of absolute paths to the configuration directories.
Test initialization of a temporary directory. This is a test case and should not be used directly
Returns the complement of the given string.
Get the expiration seconds from a datetime or timedelta. If expiration is a datetime it will be
Check if AWS environment variables are present.
Disconnect a user from Facebook.
Trigger a scheduler event.
Unpack a directory into the given directory. If the directory does not exist it will be created
Generate a random token and an expiration time for the given verification type. If no type is
Set the current operating system.
Return True if the given message should be kept in the given account.
Returns the largest element of the arguments. If no arguments are given the largest element is returned
Convert x to a string using the given encoder.
Initialize the metric descriptors. This function is called from the init function of the metric manager.
Get the rotation angle from a string or number.
Wait for the datastore pubsub or bigtable package to be ready.
Sample from a 2 - D array.
Compare two strings in a BFR.
Run a test with qthelpers. The qthelpers are run in a
Revokes all admin privileges for a given user.
Get a request object from a CSR or PEM file. If csr is empty return None.
Prepend a prefix to each line of a string.
Create a network in the specified provider.
Remove an exponent from an integer and a fraction and return the resulting integer and the fraction.
Get the version number from a package.
Evaluate a conditional expression. If the condition is a boolean return it. Otherwise return it.
Return True if readline is available.
Get the root of the HDFS file system as a string.
return the first occurrence of a given weekday in the given year month dayofweek hour minute
Resolve the given version to the latest version. If the given version is not the latest version
Open a log file and return a filehandle. If the file does not exist return None
Return the current month of the time t.
Register a handler to be called when a hook is called.
Test the screen size of the current page.
Write a table as an HTML file.
Find the maximum number of commits in a calendar that are daily.
Resolve a function from a string or module name. If the string is not a module name
Test labeller.
Set the path of the virtual machine.
Fetch the data from the server and return it as a string. If the number of grains
Add an access token to the given credentials file.
Get current babel locale.
Get the marker parameter from the params dict.
Convert a shape to a GeoJSON geometry object.
Return the current time in nanoseconds since the last call to timer. tac.
Calculate the log of the mean of the probabilities of an array.
Set the version of the le script in the given venv.
Returns the minimum distance between the given coordinate and the given surface.
Return a penalty string for the given distance dictionary. If limit is specified the penalties
Canonicalize and stabilize strings.
Build an ad group ad operations from a list of adgroup operations.
Returns True if the profile should send own updates. If the profile does not exist returns False
Initialize the viewer with the given dataset and vis batch. Note that the viewer does not have
Binscope a sample with a given signature. The signature must be the same as the sample
Run the ninja application.
Get a review request field by id.
Parse a date string into a datetime. date object.
Return a list of plays for each playid in the data dictionary.
Get a list of policy names associated with a role.
Send an inventory to the client.
Run the given test case in the context of the current context.
Convert a title to a URL. If the title is longer than max length it will be
Process an email message and add it to the activity log. If the message is not a
make a floppy file with a kickstart and a preseed file with a f
Resolve a path to an absolute path. If the path contains an escape sequence it will be
Get the documentation for a given group. If the group does not exist it will be created
Join a channel with a key. If the key is an admin the channel will be joined
Build a filter1 file from motion params norm outliers and detrend.
Return True if the verbosity of a given index is equal to the verbosity of a given number
Count the number of occurrences of each word in a list of documents.
Return a feincms breadcrumbs for the given page. If include is set to True the
Return the UID of the current process.
Get a list of packages that have been affected by a given number of hours.
Test the strength of a password using zxcvbn. password strength.
Run the given network and write the results to the given writer.
Create a list of serializers for the given transport.
Authenticates a user with a token. If token is provided the token will be used
Get the translation directory for the given language and file. If style is str return the real
Write a line of FASTA to a file with the given label and length.
Helper function for random_choice. This is a helper function used by random_choice_
Join a number of strings into a long string with the given join type and digits.
Calculate the mean square of the values of pred and y.
Redirect the user to a given URL.
A context manager to create a mock notification with a magic response method and a native file type
Print the result to stdout.
Connect to an EC2 cloudwatch instance.
Get a reference to a VBD object.
Encode a single block into the wire format.
Return a list of synonyms for a given fontext.
L - TA filter on a p - matrix with the highest weight.
Return True if the userland tool is installed.
Load the user s configuration.
Create a boolean expression that tests if the given value is a zero or nan value.
Get the base directory for the data files.
Return the name of the virtual library. If the library is not installed return a bool.
Aborts the program with the given exception as the first argument.
Protect a file name by prepending any non - protectable characters to the end of the
Make a directory if it doesn t already exist. If it doesn t exist it will be
Echos all methods and functions of a class.
Get a database connection from the given configuration.
Perform a fast exponentiation using a power - of - 2 and a power - of -
Write data to stdout.
Return the zone code of the system.
Show information about a network.
Wrap a SQL clause in parentheses.
Test the sky2 pix projection of a given code.
Convert a MAC address to a string or raise an exception if it s not a valid mac
List all versions of a bucket.
Update all UUIDs to ids.
Return True if the given command is executable. If the command is not executable returns False.
Given a function name describe the properties of that function. If the function does not exist return
Parse the given code into a tree.
Get the relative path to a config file or make it if it doesn t exist.
Calculate the sum of all elements in a list.
Return a list of the configured members for the given LBN.
Return a list of the table names in the database.
Build a sort query from a list of strings.
Export a request as an HTML string.
Remove a file or directory. If the file does not exist log an error and return False
Add threading arguments to the given parser.
Check if a node exists in the storage.
Return a list of all installed solvers.
Returns a dictionary with the student admin information for the given course and access level.
Downscale the images to k dimensions.
Handler for Ctrl - C signal.
Determine a resource object from a service and a resource string.
Return a list of all directories in sys. path.
Return a pickled version of the given exception.
Get the version from the init file. If the file does not exist it will be created
Returns the number of bezier points between begin and end.
Test that chart has no data with no values.
Returns a local URL for the given port.
Return a list of all nodes on the minion.
rHeader with s3 tabs.
Ping external urls.
Register a hook that will be executed when a module is imported.
Create a pillars module.
remap the vbd dev name to match the vbd dev name in xenserver.
Add a bootstrap class to the field.
Substitute placeholders in text with values from kwargs.
Delete all load balancers that match the regular expression in args. match.
Create and drop all tables in the database.
Check if the logical line is a nova line. If so yield the index of the
Add an addon author to a copy.
Print an exception message with the given prefix and number of spaces before the exception message.
Update a counter with the given name. If the counter doesn t exist it will be created
Call a multicall method on the given topic with the given message. Returns an iterator
Start the tomcat application.
Instantiates a shoot with the given number of times. If the shoot fails the
Assign the crowding distance to each individual in the list of individuals.
Return a string representation of the given class instance and ordered dictionary.
Check if url is from the given spider. If it is it will add the spider s
Parse the arguments and keyword arguments from the given template template token.
A decorator to wrap a function with assignments and updates. This is useful when you want to
Set the current namespace. If the namespace is none the current namespace is removed from the environment
Convert a string to a list of integers.
Run a proxy command with the given args and kwargs. If the proxy command does not exist
Combines two objects and returns a new object with the values from the first object in the
Return a navigation line.
Get a word from a form. If pos is None return all words in the form.
Returns a list of headers and values for the MAU message.
Iterate over all style files in a style directory.
Create an ARP packet with an IP address.
Add positions to the event collection and check if they are the same.
Remove extra fields from the payload that are not present in the model. If the payload is
Ensure that the locale is valid. Raises a 404 if the locale is not valid.
Polynomial division of f and g at k.
Delete a file or directory. If the user presses enter to exit. If the user
Escape a string so that it can be used as a shell command.
Return True if the system is running on a virtual machine.
Return True if the given title contains any feat tokens.
A context manager to track the memory usage of a course in dog.
Load an X. 509 certificate request from a string or binary string.
Show information about a virtual machine
Extract the identity response information from the given binary data.
Test that a markov chain has a non sum - one value.
Print a summary of the results of a JUnit runner.
Convert a tuple of components into a normalized URL.
Test authentication with the SAB API.
Count the number of non - printable characters in a string.
Execute a shell command and raise an exception if the command fails to execute.
Handle a websocket connection. If the connection is a string send a random number of random bytes
Make a context from a dict or a request object. If a request object is provided it
Return a list of all values in a cluster.
Build a dictionary of postprocessors for a given md instance.
Get the body of the response from the ssh command.
Calculate the odds of a number.
Delete a named object from the database. If the object does not exist it will be created
Convert request post to verb.
Dispatch the request to the appropriate handler based on the request method. If the request method is
Return a list of branch names to be used in the command line. If no branch is
Return a string with the given color. If ansible is not enabled return the text.
Get the shortcut for the given context and name.
Convert a template to a script with the given parameters. If no parameters are given the template
Convert request post to verb.
Return True if salt is a virtual machine.
Sign data with a private key and return the signature. digest can be a binary string or
Parse a string of options into a dictionary of key - value pairs.
Create a request for the given operation number and data. The data must be a byte string
Plot two scales on the two axes.
Test compilation of an ast with a good cut function.
Get the size of a network given a mask. Mask can be a string or a list
Find a number in a string and return it as a tuple. The first element is the
Return a list of all the datacenters on the VMware environment
Get a new skeinforge repository.
Walk the class hierarchy and yield all subclasses of clazz. If encountered is not specified all subclasses
Reset the video to the default mode. If no gamma is set to True the video will
Add a file parameter to the registry.
Returns the length of the word in tabwidth characters.
Return a list of all not - alived items in the system or all if none is
Get the size of the current process. If the current process is on Windows the size of
Set a config value and save it to the output file.
Disables the site and reloads the service. This is a no - op if you
Decorator to mark a function as unsafe.
Returns a debug node for the given parser and token. The debug node is a list of
Setup the platform with the homematic device discovery system.
Return a copy of the original dict with all keys that are not strings.
Pre - init hook for submodules. This hook is called before the module is initialized.
Return True if input is a float False otherwise.
Resolve a URL to an absolute URL. If to is a URL it will be returned.
Generate a password for use in a Postgres database.
Pads a sequence to the length of n. If the length of the sequence is not
Test for rejecting an interval using the binom method.
Resolve a sub - workflow from a deployment dir.
Collect attributes from a list of containers. If no containers are given all attributes are collected.
Fix osmesa gl lib.
Entry point for the command line interface. This is the entry point for the command line interface
Check the dependencies of the given model to see if they are allowed to be included in the
Check that the given value is an email address or a list of emails.
Create a glance metadata copy of the specified volume to the specified snapshot.
Parse a union page string into a big array.
Create a new paste with the given contents and return it as a string.
Create a new console in the given window. This function will be called every time a new
Get a list of cohorts for the given course and assignment type.
Get the connection details for the current proxy
Context manager for locking a file. If shared is set to True the file will be shared
A local optimizer that performs an element - wise subtraction on the inputs of a node.
Bootstraps the distribution with a given value.
Remove a file from the filesystem. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Build a date string from a string representation of a datetime. datetime object.
Create a custom carrier with the given name and return a service provider base object that can be
Return a lazy loader for the pkgdb module. The module will be loaded from the base
Compress the input string and return the compressed output and the length of the encoded string.
Assert the serialization of a given commit id in the repository rwrepo is the repository rwrepo
Get the results of a given function on all minions. Returns a dictionary of the results.
Return True if the given datetime is ambiguous in any of the adatime units.
Format the mappings of the given properties into a list of block device mappings. The mappings are
Patch all of the modules in the system. This function is intended to be used by the
Enable a virtual server. This is a no - op if the service is not enabled.
Return an interpolation function that dedents the result of func. If func is a method it
Returns true if the user is allowed to perform the given conditions.
Search for a disk by its LUN.
Given a roster order and a list of ipv4 addresses return the first one that matches
Calculate the mean longitude of the perigee at a given julian date.
Resize the virtual volume on the specified path.
Get the name of a link.
Compute the Galois product of a and b. The result is a^b.
Return a null javascript catalog.
Check session cookie and CORS headers and return the response.
Make a directory if it doesn t already exist. If it doesn t exist raise an exception
A fixture that renders the config template and returns the result as a string. This is useful
Check that the user password is not empty.
Checks if the fernet key repository is valid.
Download a file from the given url to the given filename. Returns True if the file was
Count the number of tokens in the supplied list of arguments.
Solves a trigonometric condition.
Test the locale of an HTML page with XSS. This is useful when you want to
List all interfaces for a given server.
Download the log to a temporary file and return it as a response to the user.
Get the github email address for the given access token.
Enable updates for a given distribution.
Return True if the named file is available on the system.
Check if the user is a RVM user. If the user is not a RVM
Multiplies f by x and returns a tuple of the factors fac po and g.
Remove a tag from the repo. If push is True push the tag back to the repo
Format a number as a string.
Return a dict with the values of the configuration file.
Permute the elements of an array using a list of permutations.
Test that the column is nameless.
Get a list of all available regions for the current account.
Draw a bounding box of an artist.
Get crafted text from gcode.
Remove all modules from the database.
Check if source is newer than target.
Check if the current user is the root user. If not print a message to stderr.
Remove a host from the known hosts file. If no hostname is given the host will be
Check if the given string is an IPv4 address.
Get the name of a column. If the column does not exist return the column itself.
Check header validity.
Shows the current user s information about the current user. This is useful when you want to
Convert a color string into a tuple of integers.
Get the file map for the given node and all its children.
Return a list of all the runnable payloads.
Limit the number of items returned by a marker. If the marker is not present in the
Return a boolean indicating whether or not a command should be executed on the command line.
Wrap the given bytes in a line of text with whitespace. This is useful for debugging.
Get the RRD for a VM.
Upload the current project to the remote server and return the path to the local file.
Returns True if point is after point False if point is before point False if point is after
Analyzes the given text and writes it to the given file.
Return a new derivation node for the given element.
Return a list of all IPv4 or IPv6 addresses joined.
Add builddir to sys. path.
Return a list of all Volume objects in the system.
Build a JID and password and a client for the given JID and password.
Send a quit message to the bot.
Get a pack object by its reference.
Return a list of all files in a directory or a directory.
Unescape the given string and return the result as a new string. If entities is specified
Read the net io counters from the procfs and return a dictionary with the name of the
Returns True if the current request has an associated site theme.
Check if dependencies are missing.
Paginate the given queryset based on the current page and limit values in the request.
Perform a fastboot on the device.
Convert a result to a country region and city tuple.
Sends a password reset notice to the user.
Return a list of filenames that match the given text.
Checks if font families are valid. Returns True if the font family is valid False otherwise.
Choose a random value from a list of strings.
Set a module in the modules config file. If the module does not exist it will be
Return a list of all the files in the directory.
Validates an email. If the email is not valid returns a string. If the email is
Check if the given path is a directory and if it is a directory. If it is
Return data to the cassa column family.
Check if a list of ints is a list of ints.
Check if record1 and record2 are pair of strings.
Get the class for a given check name and check path. If the check is not found
Return a class with the given name or alias. If alias is a string it will be
Return whether or not the user is in interactive mode.
Tears down the databases in the old config.
Get the size of the terminal in windows tput and linux. If the current operating system
Create a new signature using the given RSA key.
Generate a generalized integer with the given number of digits.
Send a progress report to the user.
Print an expression in a pretty - printed format using the pydoc. pager library.
Get current language bidi.
Get the crop geometry of a video.
Check if fmdump is installed on the system
Get the proto for the cloud provider. This is the default value for the cloud provider.
Generate a tile key for a given layer and coordinate.
Return a random value from the log of the range [ low high ).
Read a secret from a file. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Create a feedback message from a message model.
Get lumination change value.
Pretty - print an object.
Make a query to get the list of privileges for a given object.
Rename a file or directory.
Get a logger with the given name.
Disconnect all live receivers.
Validate that a string is a float. Raises error if it is not a float.
Return a dictionary with the data for a given directory. The dictionary includes the version number and
Save an image to a file.
Start the scheduler if it is not already running. If it is already running start it immediately
Extract messages from a given file.
Check if a given header is present in a list of headers. If not return False.
Clean up a resource and send a check message to the client.
Get all volume attachments for a project.
Converts a row and column number to a cell string.
Load data from a file or file - like object into a Python object.
Parse an encoding from a file - like object. Returns None if no encoding was found.
Add a name to a log level.
Return a list of paths from trailer1 to trailer2. If trailer1 or trailer2
Decode the given path to unicode using the hdfs encoding.
Attach private projects to the given queryset with the given user as the given field.
Display a list of files or folders for a given result type.
Prepare a realm pattern to be used in a request.
Example of resize promo img uploader.
A quadrature function for the ease in out phase.
Add values to an array at a given index.
Check a list of files and return a list of errors if any of them are found.
Return True if name is a legal resource base name.
Add a new task.
Guess a filter table from two mats. The table is a list of tuples where the
produce an XML tree with the given content and return the element tree. If no element
Get a virtual machine by name.
URL - quote a string and return it as a unicode string. If safe is set to
Return a list of all available driver names.
Compute the saturation of the largest node in the graph g. This is the strategy that will
Returns True if the function is working False if it is not working.
Create a compound filter from a list of parts. If parts is none return basic service endpoint
F4 Prints the current state of the module. If t is True print the current
Example of how to write points to a database. This is a simple example of how to
Convert a rating property to an integer field.
Finalize a process and wait for it to finish.
Convert an integer to a hex string.
Process an XML element and add it to the function dictionary.
Show the current state of a dag.
Return the hardware address of the given interface.
Execute a pshell command and return the output as a JSON object.
This method is called after the app is built. It is called after the app is built
Return True if the lock is not None otherwise return False. If lock is None return True
Include a template file in the current context.
Unlock a file. If the file does not exist it will be created. If the file
Get the contact type for a given user.
Wipe a device from the system. Returns True if the device was wiped.
Restart all the applications in the system.
Get a Zookeeper object for the given IP addresses.
Return a new location with the revision set to the published version of the document at the given
Register a specialize object with the theano. compile. optdb.
Add the root url to the url if it is not a scheme. If it is a
test brainvision data software filters latin1
Test for make_morph_maps and make_morph_maps.
Read a double array from a file and return it as a numpy. ndarray.
Check if the user is in a home directory. If it is raise an error.
Delete an image
Write the output to a file. If the file name is not specified the output will be
Initialize the tracker module with the given state and return a reference to it.
Test quadratic rendering of a chart with a set of data.
Perform a mult and reduce operation on the input and the input Fourier transform.
Create a new user with the given groups.
Compute the eigenvalue of x in the N - net with an optional alpha parameter.
Tamper the given string payload.
Plot a list of images together.
Generate a new git repository.
Get the s3 rest controller for the fields that need to be serialized.
Topologically reorder the given entries in the order they appear in the given commits.
Find all eggs in a zip archive.
Test the iht model.
Create a shared variable with x values.
Return True if value is a string in makeopts.
View the entries in the database. If no search is given all entries are viewed.
A simple tag to show the comments of a file attachment.
Return the sign of the real value x. The sign is the sign of the real value
Return a string with the given value.
Return a dict of all branches in a cluster in the order of the cluster in descending order
Create a pyramid application from a list of services and a list of tns.
Encrypt a string with a given key. The key must be a multiple of the length of
Return an instance of the layer class specified by p. If p is longer than num bytes
Start the specified number of processors for the specified user. If no number of processors is specified
Register a verb.
Suspend to disk.
Get the credentials for a given file. If the file does not exist it will be created
Convert an IPv6 address to an IPv6 address.
Deploy a file from the jboss instance to the given jboss instance.
Test the configuration of the chart. This is useful for testing the config of the chart.
Decode a hex string into a unicode string.
Load all CSS templates from the given string. If the template does not exist it will be
Returns a list of editable comment fields for the given user.
Migrate a resource table from hbase to hbase.
Get the revision number of the current file.
Return a list of directories in a specific environment
Autoflush the logs to the console. This is useful for debugging and debugging.
Get the current deployment id.
test function to test the last sync revision of the store.
Split an array into multiple sub - arrays of length num. If indices or sections are specified
Reverses the order of the characters in a UTF - 128 string.
Delete a file or directory if it exists. If it does not exist nothing is done.
Parse an HTML file and return it as a plain text string.
Load the data into a pandas. recarray.
Get the home directory.
Run a bare WSGI application in a background thread. The application is run in the background
Display the contents of the current page. This is the default action that will be used to
Generate a row of significance data from a Brainbow dataset.
Backup the current state of the system.
Capitalize the first letter of each word in the name.
Command line entry point for the git command. Returns the number of commands executed.
Parse a string and return a struct with the name pyhead and members.
Add a new field to the database. If the user is not an admin it will be
get matrix tetragrid
Monkey patch all methods and functions in a given module.
Set up the transport and notification transport for the OSLO server.
Run a check against a list of instances in a confd file. If no instances are
Clear all installed samples from the configuration.
Python 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 4. 1 - > 3.
Get the crafted text of a file. If the file does not exist it will
Get a vmodl type by name. If name is already a vmodl type
Check if a lock with the given name exists.
Fetch a stream from a given URL.
Renders an error page with the given template. If no template is given the default template is
Get a list of discussion xblocks accessible by a user in a course.
Run a test in a slow mode.
Generate an Oblin - CV sequence of numbers m n and c.
Make an option group from a group dict and a parser object.
Provides access to the user s permissions for a given page. If the context is not already
Return the min hash of the cachedir.
Expand the dimensions of x along the given axis and return the resulting array.
Delete a calendar from the database. If the number of events in the calendar is less than
Get information about a given product in the cart.
Format a warning message for the given category filename and line number. If no line is given
A context manager that locks a directory for a given amount of time.
Determine the pickle module to use. If the module cannot be found the default pickle module is
Create a document from a list of words and a vocabulary.
Generate a popular snippet of the given type and number. If no title is given the
Compute the tridiagonal system of a triangulation of two sets of points.
Return a list of serial ports for the current platform.
Post build for a given site.
Create a connection to a remote server. The address can be a string or a socket.
Destroy the reservation with the given uuid.
Create a new stylesheet and add it to the profile. If the stylesheet already exists it will
Read the reject parameters from a file and return a dictionary with the parameter names as keys and
Unquote the given string and return it as a unicode string.
Return a generator that yields matches from s to n. If there are no matches the generator
Get the modification time of a file.
Read a number of bytes from a file - like object and return it as a string.
Add a list to the top of the list. If the list is larger than the number
Return the gradient of the function f on the input vector v. The output is flattened.
Get the demographic data from the S3 REST API.
Upload the distribution to the local filesystem.
A default error handler that returns a dictionary of the error and the value of the error.
Return True if the given name is enabled.
Read a string from a file - like object f should be positioned at the start of
Remove one or more volumes from the system.
Validate a value against an opf json schema.
Require a command to be run on the current page.
Add a task to the queue.
Load the CA certificate from the given directory and return the root of the CA certificate.
Get a layer by name and return its name and the number of the layer.
Decode a number of bytes from the stream. This is a no - op if the number
Get the solution to the S3 API.
Deserializes a JSON string or stream into a list of Python objects.
Process an element node.
Determine the device class based on the device string.
Return a function from the input string. The input string will be returned as a string.
A simple example of how to run a command in the same directory as the Python executable.
Patch the model s search fields with a new one.
Simplify the given parser and return the resulting tree. If the parser is not a tree
Load a configuration from a JSON file. If the file does not exist an empty dict is
Get a scanner for the given hass and config.
Create a file if it doesn t already exist.
Return a dictionary with all the keys and values of all the keys in the dictionary.
This is the main entry point for the program. It is the main function of the program
Write a temporary adminfile to the file system.
Format the final exc line.
Initialize a new policy with the given file rules default rule and conf. If the policy is
Stochastic model anal.
Return the distribution s lsb release attribute.
Get a list of recently published exp summaries sorted by first published msec.
Get a new instance of the repository.
Create a new index from index metadata pb. If include schema is True the schema will be
Return a list of slots for a given period.
Load a model from the registry.
Check if a user has a cron environment variable with a given name and a given value.
Get a list of players played by the given media player.
Set the version of the template to the given version string.
Return True if the given key is not present in the registry. If the key is present
Get the tricomplex matrix for the given words.
Returns the width of the given text in columns.
Check if a file looks like a tool. xml file.
Import all modules in topdir and return a list of imported modules.
Test the chart with a time line and a chart with a query to see if it is
Find the first extraneous whitespace in a line.
Delete the given uuid from the memcache. Returns the number of times the deletion was successful.
Delete all pages but a given number of pages from a PDF file.
Resizes an image to the specified width and returns the path to the resized image.
Create a path from a hatch pattern and a density.
Return a list of blockers for the given user.
Update the symlinks in the certificate manager to reflect the changes in the configuration file.
Test whether the raw data contains a certain type.
Return a list of all of the plugins available on the system.
Get the next URL from the request.
Get the metadata for a given blob from the blobstore.
Get a list of advanced settings ids for a given user and site.
Return True if minc is not enabled. Return False if minc is enabled.
Split a string into a list of tuples.
Vote by user.
Convert a number to a text string.
Test the XDG directory.
Compute the log of the difference between a and b.
Raise an exception if the given context is not an admin or a user context.
Import or import by name. If unimportable it will be skipped if unimportable
Create a new API with the given name description and optionally clone it from the given date.
Remove the current session from the request.
Return a list of sublime regions underneath the given regions.
Tidy up a string by removing all spaces and lowercasing the first character of the
Recursively copy a file or directory from source to dest.
Return a tuple of bool bool or str depending on whether the system is virtual or not.
Print a spam report to the user s list of spam users.
Install editable from bazaar.
Delete a manifestation from the state.
Walk through a list of JS scopes and return a list of tuples containing the subscopes and
Parse a YAML string into a dictionary.
Patch the response headers. If the response doesn t already have a header it will be added
Set neighbor out filter for a given ip address and return True if the filter was set.
Return the least common multiple of a and b.
Attempt to convert a scalar to a numpy array. If the input is a scalar it will
Check if point is in loop.
Get the pillar from the remote or cache.
Return a list of incoming items from the s3 database.
Set the version of the content type to the current database.
Add a server to the system. If a server with the same name and ip already exists
Escape a string for use in a URL.
Lock a document by a given username. If the document is locked by the given username then
Post a keywds to a database.
Test for running all apps but lettuce avoid apps.
Create a tf. sequence of examples from images and images2.
Return a tuple with num if c is True. If c is False return a tuple with
restrict the forward to the given stc
Upload a file to the database.
Return a list of the normals of a set of edges in a set of vertices.
Gaussian spline function.
Generate triples from a sparse matrix.
Find skips in a given directory and return a dictionary mapping method name to a list of method
Return True if the node is decorated with a property.
Return a list of null rows in an array.
Return a generator of distros for a given URL.
Create a new voucher and add it to the voucher s list of offers.
Get a cluster from a datacenter
Find a guest by name. If quiet is set to True the guest will not be found
Set the value of the location option. If the value does not exist it will be created
Get a list of all instance types in the database.
Clear all sessions for a given date. If dry run is set to True the number of
Move a file or directory from src to dest. If the file already exists it will be
Get the tricomplex rotation of a word.
Convert a string to an opcode.
Disconnect all signals from the entry object.
Wait for one or more spot requests to be fulfilled and return the list of instances that
Return the hash of a file in the local git repository.
Print usage information.
Download an emoji from bbbb.
Get a scanner for the given HASS and configuration.
Show all the forms in the current browser.
Return a location attribute for the given object or None if the object is not a string.
Save an attachment to a file and return the path to the file.
Mark a value as unsafe and return it as a unicode string.
Check if a user has access to download changes for a given project.
Indent a block of text with a number of spaces at the beginning of each line.
Get a list of pyqt objects from a QTree.
Extract the capabilities from the given text. If the text does not contain any capabilities an empty
Returns True if the given IP and alias exists in the hosts dict.
Checks if an IP address is a public IP address.
Read a plist from a file or file - like object or file - like object.
Log a page hit to the access history.
Main entry point for the network module. This is the entry point for the network module.
Setup the platform with the vera controller.
Get a document and a fallback reason.
A function to test the exit of an unsuccessful output. This is useful when you want to
Uninstall a module with the given name parameters and options. The module will be patched with the
Find the shortest path from source to target in graph g.
Upgrades the database to a new version of the database. If the database is the same
Compute the step function for a given array of values. The values are sorted in ascending order
Return a list of topics in prospective search. If max is None return all topics
Import an object in the given namespace.
Fix sys. path by adding extra paths to the end of sys. path.
Add the given flags to the given new flags and return the result. The new flags are
Create a new node with the given arguments.
Create a cache security group.
Split a file name into the file name the file name the module name and the file name
Returns the full URL of the current request.
Plot a series of boot traces with a given color.
Return the current time in win seconds since the start of the timer.
Make a POST request to the given url with the given data cookies auth auth timeout allow redirects
Sort an array by square number of elements. If the array is sorted by square number of
Wait for all unfinished tasks to complete or raise runtime exception if timeout is reached.
Rehash a file with a given hash algorithm and block size.
Test the output of pip - show - verbose.
Return a tuple with the extras as a string and a verb as a string.
Release a previously claimed media player.
Combines a list of details into a single list of details.
Convert an object to a column object. If the object is a string it will be split
Flush the data to the specified table or family. If the table or family is not specified
Get the current size of the terminal.
Get the time offset from a file - like object in the local time zone.
Render a datetime as a human - readable string.
Detach accept ms from the originating packet and return the resulting packet as a tuple.
Convert a QImage object to an image object.
Split a string into a list of tokens.
Return a list of all scripts that are not system - specific.
Returns True if the given name is a valid visiblity name. If all is
Display a list of documents for a given product topic and subtopic. If the user is
Get proxy information from environment variables.
Set the utime of a file. If the file does not exist it will be created
Return the path to the xtool executable.
Check if a dataset is already present in the volume list.
Run a test against the documentation of the command.
Decode a string in Python 2 and return the result as a unicode string.
Check if an object matches a given condition.
Return a Hospital object that filters on the LTC facility type.
Post - order the nodes in a tree.
Reset a user s password. If the user s password is valid the form will be validated
Generate an ODNOKlassniki OAuth signature.
Dispatch an expression to a pre - compute function.
Test lexing of strings.
Process the tools argument and return a tuple of tool objects and a dictionary mapping tool names to
Return a list of IP addresses associated with the given host. If no nameserver is specified
Get the forecast for a location.
Get metadata from filename by regex.
Discretize a model using a 2D quadrature.
Parse a set of flags from a source string.
Get an artist by id.
Returns True if the server is alive False if it is not. Returns False if the server
Get a link from a line of text.
Subtraction of c and u from f. Returns a new list with the remainder of f
Consume a message from a kafka group.
Test Bernoulli vector reparametrization trick.
A context manager that logs pending warnings to the logger and flushes them to the logger.
Acquire a connection from the pool and return it to the caller.
Test ctor with keyword args and new slot.
Return a list of the names of the current window. If no root is given the default
Wait for an object to be built. Returns True if the object is done False otherwise.
Return a string representation of an IP address if it is a valid IP address. If it
Return True if x is hashable. Return False if x is not hashable.
Parse a sudoku assignment string into a dictionary.
Check if all sources are compiled. If so print the names of the compiled files.
Wait for a machine s network addresses to reach a certain amount of time.
Create a new identity context with the given parameters.
Refines the transpose of expr using the given assumptions.
Associate an instance with a role.
Connect to an EC2 instance in the specified region.
Process the last function in the list of functions in the node.
Filter out insignificant words from a chunk.
Generate a JWT for the given service account file.
Get vmdk size and properties of an image.
Get a field from a model and return a tuple with the attribute and the path to the
Parse command line arguments and prompt for a password.
Return a variable - length integer corresponding to the integer i. If i is out of range
Register a handler for the given signal. The handler will be called when the given signal is
test set source model
Load a set of credentials from a file or file - like object.
Add a new access to a volume type.
Make a copy of the columns of an array with the given k and indices.
Compute the 2 - norm of a matrix.
Install the xonsh hook in sys. meta_path if it is not already installed
Return a list of integers that are divisible by c. If k is a field the
Copy a file from one location to another.
Edit an existing perspective.
Substitutes a string with the tempita module. If file and name are provided the
Test the transformation of a pypi xml file.
Daemonize the process. This is the main entry point for the process.
Format the firewall output into a dictionary.
Calculate the cumulant from a set of moments and a number of moments.
Split a size into two indices based on a percentage of a size and a percentage of b
Normalize the given path to make it absolute and make it case - insensitive.
Divide two monomials and return the result as a tuple of monomial
Create a zip file containing all the selected submissions.
Destroy an image and normalize its locations.
Extract images from a gzipped image file.
Test for swapping two numbers.
Update the requirements of the project with the new requirements. If the old requirements are the same
Cycle through the values in the list and return the last value in the list.
Parse command - line arguments and compare them with a list of dicts and a list of dicts
Delete a sink.
Get the parent node and label from the given name. If the name is not a valid
Read a record from a file and return it as a Python object.
Verify that the candidate is an implementation of the given interface. If tentative is True
Return the version of the salt - minion installed on the minion.
Get a shadow user by its username. If no shadow user is present return none.
Log an error for a given instance. If the error is not present in the retry dict
Get a policy by name. Returns None if the policy doesn t exist or if the policy
Return True if the string ends with a newline.
Construct an author2doc dictionary from a corpus and a dictionary of doc2author.
Get the viewing matrix of the camera.
Read the end of an ECI record from the file - like object fpin.
Nudge dataset x and y by nudgeing x and y by nudgeing y
Generate an arc of a given size.
Call the rar executable with the given parameters. If the rar executable is not installed
Authenticates the user based on the request s authorization. If the user is not found
Get the number of rows to skip from the beginning of the result set.
Return True if all number groups are present in the normalized number.
Get the absolute path to the plugins directory.
Returns a list of tuples with the IDs and names of the regions in alphabetical order.
Return a subset of the bitstring from the superset.
Return a callable that parses the given body as a urlencoded query string.
Create a new record in the database with the given type and attributes.
Validate the max staleness.
Run a command and return the output of the command as a tuple of the status code and
Create a string table from a workbook.
Import a file from a zone and return a dict with the import result as a boolean.
Test the tag of a model.
Return a list of all the keys in the pillar
Generate a fontconfig pattern from a fontconfig object.
List functional areas.
Set the qresult with the hits from the given rows. The rows must have the same
Return a div with the label widget and comment. If hidden is True the class will be
Return a set of line numbers of a multiline string.
Calculate the Q - norm of a signal x.
Test the normalization of a PMF.
Convert a raw value to a dictionary of keyword arguments.
Add fields to a protobuf document.
Standardize the name of a resource.
Convert a CooSeries to a sparse series.
Return the contents of the log file as a list of strings.
Render an inline.
Read the cinder configuration from the command line options and return it as a dict.
Iterate over the elements of a generator.
Test for valid platform config values.
The plugin to use for folding brackets. This is the default plugin to use for fold
Turn off the current state of the minion. If no name is given the current state is
Parse command - line arguments.
Convert a string to camel case.
Call a function with the given arguments and keyword arguments.
Validate a DMP file. Returns a tuple with the last level of the DMP file
Remove the last num bits from the end of a string.
Initialize the signal manager. This function is called when the manager is initialized. This function is
Return a list of relationships between two packages.
Get the fixed IP address for a given host.
Set a stream logger with the given name level and format string. If no format string is
Return the backend URL for the given entry.
Convert a datetime object to a local time object using the timezone specified in the argument.
Parse a pattern and return a branch. If no branches are found the first branch is returned
Dispatch a hook to the given data.
Solarize an image to a given number of images.
Test the dipoles in the dipole file for the length of the dipole file.
Convert an XML tree to a dictionary.
Return the xl range formula for the given sheet name row and column range.
Read tasks from a list of paths and return them as a generator. If no tasks are
test io layout lout
Write the current theme to a file in the theme. xml file.
Set the value of a key in the config file. If the key already exists it will
Change the UID of a command. Returns True if the UID is the same as the UID
Yields the whitespace around the operator in the logical line.
Show the details of a name in a book. If the name is not in the book
Enable the source with the given name. If the source is already enabled the source will be
Calculate the average of the elements in a list.
Update the settings for a given section and option.
Sends an email for the purchased invoice after an invoice has been purchased.
Serialize a Python object to a JSON string.
Get the auth info from the request. If the request contains a base64 encoded base64
Send the import email after the import.
Setup the platform with the Yahoo Finance sensor.
Returns a color map for the given style. If the style is not available a warning will
Return a slice object for the given key val and dim.
Expand an IPv6 address into a single IPv6 address.
Return a list of year numbers for a given row of data.
A fixture that sets the current app as the current celery application. This is useful for
Callback function for matching a language string. This function is called when a match is found.
Create a thriftpy context.
View for landing a user s tweets. This view will return a list of the
Get the top - level directory of the current working directory.
Create or update a bucket s CORS settings.
Format a money number as a string with a currency and a fraction. The number can be
A celery task that logs the error and raises the runtime error.
Send a translation dict to Frappe. local. response.
Delete an API by name and description.
Calculate the number of millesecs from the epoch.
Return a debug representation of an object.
Return the content of the given URL or None if it fails to retrieve the content.
Run the linter against the given filename and return the output as a file - like object.
Add a single item to the map.
Get a single credential by its id.
Returns True if b1 and b2 are broadcastable. If b1 and b2
Check if a reboot is pending.
Unescapes all special characters in the given text and returns the resulting text as a string
Register a function as an atexit handler.
Make sure that the cast operator is a scalar and that the cast operator is a scalar.
Generate a new id.
Create a fingerprint from the given XML data.
Perform a HEAD request with the given uri and return the response headers as a dict.
Walk a directory and return a generator of all the files in the directory.
Return the default locale for the given object.
Change the size of the quota of the BPS.
Unset a gluster volume by name and path. Returns True if the gluster command succeeds
Get all repository dependencies for a given metadata.
Get the host from the request. If the request is not allowed get the host from the
Create a new figure manager given a figure object and a number of figure objects.
Get information about a collection.
Read a log file and return a dictionary of nodes.
Check if file name ends with file type and without words.
Evaluate the old assumptions in pred using the replacer and return the result as a string.
Create a debugger and register it with the given rpchandler and gui adap.
Find the platform and atomic group of a host.
Get the properties of a managed object
Search for clients.
Analyzes a file given a gcode and returns the window. If the gcode
Get s3 response for campaigns.
Return True if text contains a substring of key.
Get a list of codes and timestamps for the current user. If no user is logged in
Suffix a name with a suffix.
Redirect to the next URL in the request. If the next URL is not in the request
Parse a version string into a pkg. pkg_resources. pkg_resources. pkg_
Return the number of triangles in the creation sequence.
Print a debug error message to the user. If the user has templating enabled it will be
Escape a string so that it can be used as an HTML attribute of an HTML element.
Check if a model has all of the given filters. If any of the filters is not
Returns a human - readable string for the given number of seconds. If the number is greater
Get a list of all data sources in the database. This is a list of data sources
Generate a fast version of the model with the given output. The output is a list of
Optimize an angle to be between - num and num + num.
Fire the header for a record.
Create a model dict for a given resource type name properties target prefix created at and updated at
Generate a random api key.
Logarithmic summation of the log - likelihood of a time series.
Redirect to the canonical URL of the uploaded file. If the uploaded file is not a public
Make a random binary detector.
Get a shell embed function for a given shells and known shells. If no shell
Eats a number between pos and the end of the string s starting at pos.
Return a dictionary with the name as key and the value as value.
The error handler for the application. This is called when an error occurs during the execution of
Set the value of a configuration option. If the option does not exist it will be created
A test to test if an app is present in the apps list. This test will raise
Get a list of all permissions for the current user.
Return a JSON response with the origin HTTP header and the remote address of the request.
Check the lengths of the BCS fields in the mapping data.
Write a queue of values to a single device. This is a blocking function. The queue
Set the value of the named key to the specified value. If the value does not exist
Reset the builtins to the default directory.
Test for printing a string to stdout. This is useful when you want to print a string
Wrap a traceback object in a tuple with the original traceback and the original traceback id.
Calculate the checksum of the given value.
Convert an object to a Jelly source. If no file is given the source is
Get the status of the course creator for a given user.
Returns the recently viewed products for the given request. If the current product is not specified
Print information about a virtual machine.
Encode an LZ4 frame into a binary string using LZ4 - F.
Prompt the user for input and return it. If the user presses a key press the
Demonstration of the dependency grammar.
Delete the extra specs for the given volume type id and key.
Guess the number of streams for a given size. If size is a tuple or list of
Make a GET request to the Firebase API.
Delete the index for the given instance.
Get the front over the width of a list of lists. The width is the number of
Decrypt a base64 - encoded ciphertext using AES - CBC and return the decrypted ciphertext.
Return True if the polynomial f is irreducible or False if it is irred
Hardlink a file or directory from source to dest. If the file already exists it will
Test drop epochs.
Escape a value for use in a URL.
Ensure that the specified event source is not mapped to the specified function.
Run benchmark functions in a thread - safe manner. This is a benchmark function that can be
Encode fields and files as multipart form data.
Returns True if the current user is the admin of the system.
Show a specific load balancer
Get a list of all item categories.
Spell check text.
Check if entrance exams are enabled.
Validate the given station string.
Get minimum by vector3 path.
Decode a base64 - encoded value into a Python object. If the base64 - encoded
Publish a file from the source to the destination using the source path destination path reader parser writer
Configures the blade proto library with the given arguments. If the argument is a string it will
Check if engine services are running.
Install one or more pecl packages. If a pecl is already installed it
Test the current shell environment.
Get the element node object from the link value.
Show content type selection for a given region.
Close all connections to the given database. This function should be called when the database is closed
Remove all whitespace from the statement text.
Get information about a NVML device.
Find the path to the Git repository.
Parse a dsymutil file and return a dictionary of symbol - > symbol - > symbol
Return the expected value for a bar.
Make a header from a sequence of strings.
Get the routing table for a given IP version.
Add a virtual host to the system.
Get a refactorer from a list of fixers or a list of fixers.
Return a list of format modules for a given language.
Parse solc output.
Return the full path to the MrJob. py file.
Wait for a message to be sent to the QU server.
Return a list of upstart services.
Get a list of github releases for a given project.
Kerisenzo - Kerisenzo - Kerisen
Run the given upgrades on the given store. The store must be locked before calling this function
Send a test to the sabnzbd API and report the result.
Take events from the queue and send them to the portfolio and the execution.
Check if the given info needs a g77 abi wrapper.
Substitute the given name with the given context and call the callback function with the result.
Return True if item is a sequence.
Given a board and a set of queens place them in the board.
Called when a connection is closed. This is called when a connection is closed.
Get a list of all the local IP addresses on the current machine.
Returns true if string1 and string2 are the same length and all characters are equal.
Resolve a package name to a full package name.
Clear the cache for a given string.
Check if the element has the required rel attribute.
Close the database and release the local context. This is a no - op if there is
Assert that fn raises an instance of cls with the same class as cls.
Updates the metadata of a snapshot.
Get a hypersearch winning model by id.
Set a layer to include the given rule. If rule is none the entire layer will be
Create a GCode object for a path.
Return the media url for a given path.
Kills all processes with the given pid with the given signal.
Register a new notification for a given application. If the notification is already registered it will be
Get a list of groups that a user has access to for a given site.
Parse a list of linters into a list of tuples.
Return the bind address. If no address is given return the current address. If no address
Return the brightness state of the given value.
Return the cumulative sum of x along the given axis.
Generate a random graph with the given number of nodes and edges.
Set the default application.
Return the first element in a sequence.
Remove quotes from a string.
Return the type of an address.
Clean up the i18n file.
Replace the globals of a function with a new one.
Process a node in SVG format.
Set the old mode of course enrollment to None if course enrollment does not exist.
Get the name and version from the name and version strings. If filename is set to True
Return a list of functions for the given names and arrays and dtype.
Compute the diff between f and p using the GF algorithm k. The degree of f
Test if value is an even number.
Return the sub - color from an irc match.
Render the given template with the given context. If no context is provided the default context is
Get the project time for the current day of the week. If the row does not contain
Check if an IP address is in a subnet.
Cartesian product of list1 and list2.
Reindex all addon s reviews in a single batch.
Return the XFS inventory of the minion.
Get a list of tasks for a given course.
Convert a mage hsv tuple to an RGB tuple.
Test ccall method.
Determine which runner to use based on the contents of the tacfile in bbdir.
Return the kurtosis of an iterable.
test tomek links fit single class
Return a string representation of a bytes object.
Returns a list of range objects for the given header value and content length. If the header
Return True if orig is a subset of new.
Test the condensed nearest neighbour estimator.
Test high - order autoencoder initialization.
Format a position in a string.
Parse the execute message and return a tuple.
Read all images in a directory and convert them to uint8 and return them as a tuple
Register the linux bridge driver with the capabilities manager.
Return the data from the specified url. If the data doesn t exist return an empty dict
Return a full match of the given pattern in the given string. If no match is found
Resolve a URL relative to the current one.
Display a WMC for a given mapid.
Cluster the given vectors using the given method. The method can be kmeans or hierarchical.
Create an empty file named filename with the given string.
Return a matrix with rows from 0 to n - 1 where n is the number of rows
Get the selinux fs enforce file.
Run a model on a list of images and display the classification results.
Move the source from the social account to the remote organization.
Returns a tuple with a string and a tuple containing the string and a tuple containing the string
Update the flash parameters in the image.
Get a resource or folder from a project. The path can be relative to project root.
Converts a source file path to a string of text.
Renames src to dst. If src is a directory it will be deleted. If dst
Return True if header is in hop by hop headers.
Decode an error string from the arguments dictionary.
Render a list of templates with the given dictionary. If no context is given the current request
Import an image from the docker host and return a dictionary with the image meta data.
Create a cuda shared variable from a numpy ndarray.
Test desaturation of a string with a number of characters.
Return a session object for a given channel.
Instantiate a proxy object and return it. If the proxy is already instantiated it will be returned
Build all the docs in a given branch.
Generate a nonce from a string s and a key.
Create a connected viewer with the given parameters. The viewer is connected to the image with the
Send a putaway request to the server and return the result.
Remove a service from the OGC catalog.
Make an inventory object from a resource provider and a resource class and a set of data.
Get a list of networks in a project.
Convert x to a sparse variable. If x is a gof. apply it will be
Compute the graph statistics for a set of episode rewards and a set of time intervals.
Return a list of the center points of a polygon. If e is not provided the ecc
Convert a string array to a numpy array with the same shape as the input.
Check if a language is trusted in the database.
Return the common dtype of the given columns.
Run migrations on online.
Log the current request s hooks. If debug is True only logs the current request s hooks
Set the active language.
Forgot password form submission handler. Sends an e - mail to the user.
Get the assignment type for a given user in a given group.
Main entry point for the wsgi server. This is the entry point for the wsgi
Plot a CumulativeDistribution object.
Test to rename all channels in a file.
Expands the given list of strings into a list of strings. If flist is a
Get the overhang support angle from an XML element.
Check if netaddr works with the given net and prefixlen and version.
Get the name of the git repo from the git directory.
Convert a value to a JSON string.
Parse ACL v2.
Educate ellipses in a string.
Get a list of all regions in the account.
Set the default options for the connection and sqlite database.
Check if the string in the abstfn contains a backslash.
Drop one or more fields from an expression.
Draw a JET color map on the screen.
Pickle a string from a file - like object and return it as a tuple.
Return a dictionary of the results of a given function.
Recurse through a dict and convert unicode strings to unicode strings.
GPU and GPU GEMV optimizations.
Return a dict with the server settings as a string. The keys in the dictionary will be
Convert a list of revs to a list of dictionaries.
Split an expression into two parts. The last node in the path will be the last node
Returns a dictionary of basic values that can be used as a key in the dictionary.
View a mass list. If the user has the permission to view the mass list it will
Search for an item in the index and return a list of analyses that match the request.
Return a JSON response with the given content in camel case.
Gitlab hook helper.
Check if a sheet is writable.
Computes the next legen derivation function for a given number of points.
Return a list of sysv services
Setup all the virtualenvs for the current project.
Return the version of the system.
nzseel2 rheader for s3 records
Return the version of the current system.
Report the usage of a worker property.
Associate a node with a bare metal and update it with the given values.
Process an XML element node and print its attributes.
Make a regular expression from a string.
Render a template string with the given context. If no context is given the template will be
Get the mac address of the current node.
Return the square root of n nearest to a.
Return True if the salt string is a virtual machine.
Replace all non - ASCII characters in s with their XML representation.
Get the authentication password from the environment or the LDAP script.
Return a HTTP response with the number of events in the system.
Return the virtual name of the junos system.
Get filenames and class names for a given dataset.
Shows the uptime of the system.
Release a reference to a libvlc instance.
Get an attribute of the class.
Convert a domain name to a filename.
Test that num is dimensionless to si.
Convert a path to an absolute path. If the path is relative it will be relative to
Transform a numpy array to a list of strings.
Write the given text to the given file. If no gcode is given the gcode
Paste a gunicorn app into a paster server.
Check the status of an object. If the object doesn t exist it will be created.
Return a list of discrete attributes in the given domain.
Create a new instance of the compute API.
Wrap the results into a numpy array of the given dtype. If the dtype is datetime64
Validate the format of an image.
Get the maximum file descriptor size.
Split a set of instances into train and test sets.
Serialize a tarinfo object into a tuple of tuples.
s3db. org organisation
Returns a set of strings with the lowest priority. If logging is not specified the default logging
Search for a host in the inventory and print the results as a JSON object.
Write the given string to the given file. If the file name is not specified the first
Set the base stock data in the database. This is the data that is stored in the
Update the audio clock to reflect the new audio time since the last call to this function.
Create a new instance of cls with the values from obj.
Return a list of upgrades available on the minion.
Initialize the pyo library.
Get a document node from a file. The file is assumed to be an XML file.
Build a url for a waterbutler route.
View a user s info.
Encrypt a password if it is not already encrypted and the password does not start with a string
Dub constant t to float t. value and return the new t.
Add pillar to faces by the given list of loops. The list is sorted in ascending order
Return the Java class doc for the given path. If the path does not exist return None
Return the modulo of a and b. If a is less than b the modulo is reversed
Return a generator that will build the log driver without logging it. This is a no -
Update the given model instance with the given kwargs. If the instance is dirty it will be
Sample from the standard normal distribution.
Find the extent of a phrase in a list of tokens starting at a given head index.
Check if a module is a package.
Build a m3u filename from the given basename.
Test the source date and determine the determinism of the source date. This is useful for
Get the SSH configuration from a remote host.
Check for circular reference.
Get a random number between 0 and n.
Make a routes. Mapper from a dict of route - > route - > route - >
Load a pickle file from a file path and return it as a Python object.
Calculate the det minor of a matrix.
Test the structure of the Era - A - C - D A - D A -
URL - quote the given URL. If safe is set to str it will be converted to
Redirect to the next URL in the session if successful. If successful redirect to the next URL
Start scanning photos in the database.
Sort a dictionary and return a string with a comma separated list of the keys.
Authenticates a user with the given id and consumer. If the user doesn t exist
Return True if n is a prime of k.
Delete a chain from a table. If chain is not specified all chains will be deleted.
Parse an ignorable string.
Escape all non - alphanumeric characters in the given text.
Rebuild the cache from the generated files. If verbose is set to True print out the
Load fixtures into a dict. If no dict is given all fixtures will be loaded.
Return a finder for the given path.
Encode the input stream into the output stream with the given encoding.
Expands the brackets in a string into a single string.
Include a string in the context of a template.
Select a bracket icon from a binary file.
Show a demo verbose rule format. This is useful when you want to show a more detailed
Setup the platform with the given config and add the devices to the hass device list.
Attach epic statuses to a queryset.
Test that the feature finder finds all feature files within a directory.
Return a calendar for a given public id.
Delete one or more blobs from the blobstore.
Return a list of all networks for a given instance.
Test to see if the current command is the same as the current one.
Get the head types of a pattern.
Parse command line arguments and return a prompt for the user to enter a password.
Load data from endog and return as dataset object.
Set the extension of an S3 URL. If no extension is specified the default extension is
Get a connection to the etcd server.
Ensure that trans is a valid transform. If trans is not a valid transform raise an error
Check that the server version is compatible with the database version.
Write a static group mapping to a file at the given path.
Test that the given exception is logged with the given name and the given error message.
Returns a taxed price info object for the given request item and priceful object. If
Return a copy of the expression p with the canonical form. If p is a tens
Return a list of tuples with the prompt and the current time as a tuple.
Create a new user list in sailthru.
Attach user story extra info to a queryset.
Return a list of files in the manifest with the given extension.
Run a command and wait for it to finish.
Get the tetragrid for a given element and prefix.
Return a hash of the contents of the file at the given path. If no digest is
Register the OVS driver with the OVS driver capabilities manager.
Remove a media item from a media list at a given position.
Set the action of a form.
Convert a string to an integer or a float.
Get the Viridis color map.
Define a primary key field.
Return a list of changes that have been made to the current instance and the current instance state
Delete a policy. Returns True if the policy was deleted False if the policy does not exist
test ncr fit sample x y idx under
Customise the org resource fields.
Read a list of fragments of a given size and length and return them as a list of
Format a size to a human readable string. If size is none return a string with suffix
Send a list of mails to the server.
List samples by user and meter.
Convert bytes to unicode.
Create a route to the common place view.
Encode a Morse - style string into a Morse - style string.
Clear all data from the system and return the result as a string.
Run Horcmgr on the given instance and return the result as a list of integers
Test show with files not found.
Download transcripts from youtube and store them in a file.
Start the notification server.
Close an iframe and return it as a response. If response format is not specified the iframe
Open a file in the current working directory.
Get the dependency graph for a list of packages.
Test output with colorful line breaks.
Return a list of all databases in the database server.
Rename files in a folder that are similar to the given name. Skips files with the
Parse a query string into a dictionary of key - value pairs. If keep blank values are
Get the number of PRs that are merged between the two given refs.
Compare two partial dictionaries and return True if they are the same or False if they are the
Get a pack from the index. If pack is not found raise value. If pack is
Filter products by a given user.
Sanitize a base32 string to make it safe to use as a base32 string.
Test if there is a replay file in the given directory.
Example of how to plot a baseline image and a freetype version of a baseline image.
Parse arff attribute type.
Parse a roman numeral string into an integer.
Return a proxy for a constructor with the given tag suffix and node as a dictionary.
Register a logging handler to be called when a log message is received.
Set the disk timeout in seconds. Defaults to 60 seconds.
Return True if the given command is available on the system False otherwise.
Logarithm of dirichlet concentration.
Get a file from the filesystem or a buffer.
Generate a property from a template and a file name.
Revokes a certificate from a given CA file.
Unquote a JSON string and turn it into a JSON object.
Fibonacci number generator.
Add a point to the path if it is not already on the path. If it is
Convert an etree element to a queue object.
Remove the article from the given text. The text can be a string or a list of
This is the demo of the nltk algorithm. It takes a string and turns it
Get a list of epochs from the FITS file.
Assert that request user is admin if user query param is provided. If request user is not
Create a CSS gradient from a base color and a stop color and a final stop color.
Verifies that the virtualenv is up to date with the given requirements. Returns True if the virtualenv
Display the given string with the given number of spaces. If the string is already a string
Remove a module from the modules configuration.
Return the standard deviation of a given property of a given number of observations.
Temporarily change the current working directory to the given directory and restore the previous working directory
Load a JSON file into a Python object.
Create a new repository writer with the given title. The title is the title of the repository
Return the full path to a photo file.
Rolls back the current state of the installer to the latest state.
Add traits to the given base object.
Default render failure response.
Generate a genesis JSON fixture file with the same name as str. The file is expected to
test lex expression float
Decipher a list or dict of strings.
Return a string representation of a column of data.
Check if a point is inside a polygon.
Get the data type of a function.
Convert a string to a unicode string. If the string is None return the empty string.
Shuts down the master process.
A function that returns a function that returns a dictionary of the attributes of the given object.
Get the PID of the parent process of the current process.
Log all files in a task.
Convert text to qcolor object. If text is not a string it will be converted to
Download a file to a temporary location.
Return a list of sibling lines from a file.
The main entry point for the celery command line tool.
Return a list of rooms for a given socket. io session.
Create the ports tree
Add a track to the list of tracks that match a search query.
Create a pseudo - entity for the given query and path. The path is a list of
Displays a contribution for a given addon. If the addon does not have a suggested amount the
No import translation for the given logical line and filename. If the logical line does not match
Discretize a bilinear 2d model.
Convert a value from the current timezone to a naive value. If the value is not naive
Encode a list of control tuples into a list of encoded tuples. If the list is none
Get the current user name and UID.
Close the XML document and return it as a string. This is useful when you want to
Load an experiment from the given path. If the path is not a directory it will be
Returns a string representation of the given number of hours as a decimal number of minutes.
Show a single server.
Set the logger to be used by this class.
Return a function that dedents the docstring of the function s docstring.
Return a list of the elements in seq1 that are not in seq2.
Convert a string to a byte string.
Redirect to the given location in the given course. If the user is not enrolled the
Get the number of connections shared memory.
Start all the engines in the given opts object and add them to the given process manager.
Poisson Poisson Poisson Poisson Poisson Poisson
Get or create an identifier for the given node.
Load a texture from a file and return the size of the texture as a tuple.
Return a list of n random keys from the dictionary d. If use is set to True
Get the base path for the current version. If it doesn t exist it will be created
Return a list of all the meta fields for the current user. This is useful when you
Test that a file is unicode. This is done by running a cell magic on the file
Call a function in the app. If the function throws an exception log the error message.
A view that displays the current log message. This view is only available for superusers.
Open a log file and return a file - like object. If the log file already exists
Get the current changeset from the git repository.
Split a DataFrame into two lists where each entry is a tuple containing the range and the asset
Delete a key from the store.
test hdf5 design matrix
Test basic functionality of pip. This is useful for testing the output of the pip command.
Run a proxy post with the given data. The proxy will be run in a separate thread
Print a list of strings.
Add a key to a host.
Get information about a server certificate. If the certificate does not exist it will return False.
Get the disk type for a given VM.
Assert multi index is product of levels.
Select a joystick from the list of joysticks.
Return a tuple of the text box and the length of the text in the text box.
Expands a list of polynomials into a list of polynomials where the polynomials are
Check if a database with the given name exists.
A helper function to return a path to a state file.
Exit the system with the given number of actions.
Get the polar motion at a given time.
test to hdf link optimizations
Adds a noidle command to the session. This command will prevent the session from being
Check if there are any failed jobs for a given release size and provider.
Convert a datetime object into a naive datetime object. If the timezone is a string it will
Convert a URL to a file path.
Convert datetime to microseconds.
Return a list of all the names of the modules that are loaded in the given code object