Validate kernel shape and verify kernel shape.
Build a tree structure from a queryset.
Unserialize packer dict.
Match emr step stderr path
) % num
Check whether x is a sparse variable.
configure buffer sizes for pipes
Test the Vi block editing mode.
scale time in arr according to unit return arr
Test that environment variables are properly preprocessed
Context manager to use a plugin from plugins.
Create a directory with slashes or backslashes as parent.
Return whether the minion is a virtual machine
decorator to decorate a function with the expected signature
Test a simple remote topo.
Get profile for user
Configure hostnames
Generate a hashed thumbnail name for the source filename.
, args. db
Validate requirements.
fetch one dict
Get source file and type for a module path.
Read a response from the specified socket.
Filter OAuth params
Treeio view for displaying a list of locations.
Remove trailing lines from list of lines.
Add a comment to the effect.
Given a model and a field name split it up into a list of fields.
Check if text is a valid email address
Get index for str in ea.
Run the eog command.
Writes a Python instance to the stream.
Return the usage for a word.
Create a subscription to a topic
( ) )
vif_id
Get version details for a function name
for num in table
Indent code with new indents.
Parse an alignment from an iterable of lines.
Add line numbers to each line in a string.
Get Ethernet link information
Resolves the specified default color if none is specified.
Create MSVCS project objects
Shortcut for s3db. cms index
Clears the cache on the filesystem
or { } )
Return a list of lists of the variables in the database
Install the app at app loc.
Load a PEM file from a string and validate it.
Creates a temporary directory.
creates a manager for the given class and returns it
l )
Get a list of staff authors.
Convert a filetime object to a timestamp.
Find a command in a given list of commands.
Construct a compound t.
in installed_packages
Extract date and notes from a string
- > snapshot
, push )
Set key to value
Set up the DTE Energy Bridge sensor for this platform.
library to xml
Return a versioneer config object.
Test if pip returns an error when pip doesn t provide an argument.
). T
Sends a file to the server.
Get the mysql error from the context.
Close the current state of the environment
Get the index of the point with the shortest length starting at point
Returns the semantic feasibility of the two graphs
Encode a certificate with base64.
Set the environment
Get all volume glance metadata.
Find the roots of a cyclotomic polynomial.
Test loading intersphinx mappings
Generate all permutations of a given iterable.
Uncompact the creation sequence.
Format an event and return a string with the flattened fields
Block tag handler.
get http data
Return the offset in minutes for the given timezone
+ str )
Count the number of items in a sorted array
Reset the database and remove the database file.
Clean html content.
Execute a task.
Set the file system home.
Return True if s is an expression.
( ) )
Return a list of all nodes on the cloud
Get a package name from a path.
Convert a value to a string.
get orm instance by args
) return quorum
Convert a JSON timestamp to a datetime object.
Plot a random image and add a circle patch.
Check if a command exists in a given directory.
Get a category by its ID
Resend invites for selected users
Get feedback message for a thread.
Dump mrjob conf to a file
Update a key - value account.
Make sure the keen schemas match.
Return the virtual path if it exists
Estimate the covariance of a gaussian variable.
) - > float
Generate a diff between current branch and tracked branch
Check if user has role
Get source code for an object.
Return if the zone is virtual
Evolved test for epochs.
( po ) )
Authenticate the HTTP connection for the given flow.
( s )
Get the registry for a tab.
( ) ( str )
Write journal entries to files.
Reorder a document based on a pattern
Find nearest k words for a query
Return a generator which yields the crawled links.
Split a domain into different domains based on a label.
Return a list of service names that are not enabled
Get importer for path name.
Return whether the minion is a virtual machine
film rebulk generator
Rastrigin s skew
{ }
Enforce the given action on the current project.
CRC check.
Build a simple tree with no content.
Convert instance id to ec2 id.
Add or remove keywords from a service.
Coalesce multiple options types
pass pass
Test outlines of a scenario with substitutions in table.
Convert a MongoDB namespace to a regex.
Get credentials from credentials file and session
Create a new figure manager.
Check that d has the right shape.
Params to incoming dict.
Read a table with no header and check its contents.
( iterable )
Replace a port number with a new one
Read the hybrid encoding and bitpacking.
Set doc. home page to products if it is set.
Run process and assert that it is not dead.
Emit a line without formatting.
Builds the request body to be used in a GET request
Return the k nearest labels to a point
Setup BEM dictionary
Make a password.
Resolve route to page context
Writes header and data of the given image sequence to the given file object.
Write worksheet hyperlinks to XML format
return version of casava used for the read.
Get pyextension imports from a module.
Convert hex color to xy color
Check that a domain is valid and if not raises a configuration error.
) ( )
Load the experiment description script from a file in the experiment directory
[ 0 ]
decorator for retrying instance update queries
Check the infos for each epoch
Set the connection info in the registry.
Traverse a directory and get text from each file.
Parse a range header.
) in op args
build all library recipes
bingimage Get an image binging.
Tag an album or item manually.
Get label string from a dictionary.
Try to find a document in the default language.
Remove a file or directory readonly.
Get layer variables by name.
Tile x n times.
convert datetime to millis
Return a mock request.
Read count values from bitpacked file obj.
identify table fails if format mismatch
Create markers from manual POIs with the specified filters
) is True
GCRS test for altaz moonish
Clip path if sabnzbd. wi is enabled.
, str, str
Detaches devices from a virtual machine
Test if the current pricing module is active.
Basic authentication wrapper
Generate a version 1 UUID.
iterator that yields tuples of ( word ne tag ) for each line in corpus
Create user with a default group
creates a arbitrary address
Return the disk usage in bytes for the given path.
Test extracting zip files with io. zipfile module
delete all flows
Get geometry output by negatives and positives
Make a test filename with the given purpose.
Colorize a string.
Render a template and return a response
Get a rotation value.
Finalize a chest task
( filename )
Apply interpolation to the artifact data.
Prompts the user for input
Test batch normalized mlp.
Writes the translated text to a file.
Encodes a python object as JSON
Creates a Python environment and installs all python modules in it
. sep )
Return the filename and line where the exception was raised.
. byteorder
Reduce httplib maxline by num patches
Render a list of documents.
count for all modules
. ResourcePool )
Connect to poetry at the given host and port.
( content ) )
( str )
Return a list of keywords.
Generate a random message id.
View with HTTPS.
Send an email to the community.
Is the course blocked by registration codes
Wait for a CSS element and return it.
Update a certificate
Create an XML element using the given tag attributes and sub elements.
) return group
Check to see if the named resource is absent
Run pip and assert that it returns a json list
Changes the target of the unit to a multistring.
Evaluate a string source as a terminal value.
Return the minkowski convex hull of two points.
Parse an error XML string and raise as an exception.
Compute the list of allowed HTTP methods for a resource.
Poll for events for a file descriptor
elemwise comparison with tensor. elemwise
Load plugins.
Return the first day of the week for a given weekday.
Generate a list of color tuples from a Brew color histogram.
Try to delete document and log exceptions
Convert value to int.
) return linter
Create a copy of a translation vector
Generates hexadecimal dump of the given data.
Create a new table chain.
Test cache update.
Stop a specific session
Set up the bloomsky sensor platform.
Check if a password matches a hash
Create a DOT graph from a NetworkX graph.
[ 0 ]
Register a mapping type
) : pass
dot product of two shapes
Display completions for the current line.
True if key is a ccx course
Test json view with bad request
Redirect sys. stdin and sys. stdout to a restricted list.
. read ( )
Simulates knn with num iterations
- > community
( )
Run a single test with one error.
Returns pagination querystring
Return the confd path with auto config locations.
Generate a GARCH filter
Deduces a helpful message from a requirement file
Run lettuce tests.
Recursively remove arrays from bracket split code.
Returns the size of a file in bytes.
Given a list of command line arguments find the first option that matches the command line argument.
write a configuration file to disk
Make a poisson distribution PMF.
( ) )
Get a measure from a string in a given units
Check gle response
for range methods
( ) )
Returns courseware and non courseware topics given a list of topic ids
Creates a decorator function
Delete quality of service specs with given keys.
Return all activities for a given user.
frappe. get_standard_reply will return a frappe. render template with
Filter aVA by wire representation.
Run a demo for a given number of options.
Upgrade the database schema
Trace a single element.
subprocess wrapper
Save a draft of an account
Return netstat information for this minion
How it works redirect user to login page if not logged in.
Run sudoer if the user exists
Pack compiled files into a tar file.
Add bearer token to uri.
Run a test on a cpu with parallelization.
Test with min zero argument.
Get blog categories.
] [ 0 ]
Add a new rule if the rule does not exist
Create a stream with num shards.
Log an error message.
main loop for the CLI
Get parent process id of given process id.
raw onscroll event handler
Does the real part of the DMP.
Recursively decompose a binary expression.
( path ) )
Run the wireup command.
Get address mapping for numa pid from numa maps file
) * 60
( str ) )
Make a token type id.
Returns the path
Simulate a simulation before the program starts.
* len )
Test if validate if list of axes is a function or a list of axes
get file lengths from screed.
Run editor with test data
( ) )
itertools. groupby longest item
Return the base path for a pack file.
List all hosts for this VMware environment
) / a
Convert API resource to project object.
Return a random slice of length slicelen
Return the number of seconds from the uptime list.
Combine two flaky annotations.
= True )
Removes all tenant roles from a user.
Call a jsonrpc service.
Get a path for a given segment
. strip ( )
array. array ( str num )
Create a block device volume from an EBS volume.
Return True if two meshes are the same
Perform a suggestion on the unit.
Return the size of a VM
Built - in replacement for getitem
Test the initialization of a nearmiss dataset
Return whether this is a virtual machine
Check if current language is bidi.
Return the best encoding for the given stream.
Get label from plist.
nzseel2 controller with configurable settings
Return the value of the given variable if it exists else fallback.
Roll back a set of reservations to a previous state
Check if a version is available for keystone.
Download an object or list of objects from a container
Shelve a server
Checking whether the link opened by the user is the correct link.
Sets the canvas to be the current context
Find the git directory and worktree
Get pagination params
Test that the fix functions work as expected.
). tutorial
Returns the total amount of physical memory.
Group results by video.
Return whether the current environment is a virtual environment.
Parse etags from string value.
Entry point for the simulator
Send user mails.
Colorize terminal output if supported and color settings exists.
Convert ipproto to str.
Return an iterator over the lists in d.
Add patch vertices info to text
Convert val to int.
Simplify a dimension expression.
Encode a number as a variable length integer.
Confirm that the translated field supports migration.
Processes open sockets
Return list of live servers for given hosts
Eijk
Flush data to the database.
Make a CTF name from the given directory and extra.
Allow a user to access a course
Revoke many roles from a MongoDB database.
List all clusters for a given datacenter
Get keywords from a version file.
Uniform linear layout of a list of points
Generate n color tuples.
Get acl groups
Tokenize a readline and yield all tokens
Get nonphylogenetic metric with a given name.
Deprecated. See urlparse. parse qsl.
Remove stop words from a list of tokens
Return True if shell is an IPython shell
Get swap size.
Delete given file directory or link.
) yield url
Execute a python script with the given arguments.
Return True if spec info is a list
Check the raet keys in the given directories
Test the completion function for dict - key completion.
Check if string is a valid float.
Return True if the given vector is a bow false otherwise
Get a series by its id.
Register user account
Recursively upload files to S3
Check if a node is the inverse of a pair
Get an account by nick.
. Undefined )
get a database query with the docinfo
Get catalog by name
Test whether an array contains an inf value
Find sentinel in file filename.
Get unit format.
Format a block of data.
Roll back the specified minion
Print all results in a table
Check if node is super builtin.
Normalize a mode value.
Get priority from element.
Get the humanized format of a date
Parse egg info file
Get raw device for path on Windows.
resize image in medium size
unregister an ident if it exists
Wrap a command in a shell
Update volume metadata.
Extract value from dict using given path.
Loop and side loop and get geometry output.
Migrate the database of search entities to elasticsearch
app, reactor ) Start application
Return user data as a dict.
. fetchall ]
Validate options dict.
Random choice from a tensor variable.
Check equality of arrays a and b
Context manager to create a temporary file and clean it up afterwards.
Unpack a number from a string.
Fill arr with num values from linked list
Generate a point grid
Reload pillar and opts from file
) quota handler
Load all extensions from all entry points
Return n colors in a colormap.
Cheb - 1ap filter.
Split an estimator into two estimators with safe indices.
label = ( - num )
Convert data to specified format.
Runs the metric test.
Return whether this is a virtual machine and whether it is running on the same machine as this one
Remove the max element size of a dictionary or string
Returns True if there are reviews for this changeset
Get the name of the user base
Regular expression validator.
Attaches a volume to profitbricks.
Remove all temporary files and directories in the caller directory.
Test maxshield warnings.
Writes a text file to the output.
Shuffle list lol using seed.
Generate batches of data in batches of size batch size
Returns a tuple of whether the changes are changed and a string representing the changes
Delete instance info cache entry
Return a set of attributes that are present in the given string
Convert a string to a list of indices.
Returns a list of sale records for this course or a csv file.
Check if text is a valid email address
Add a resource to a resource container.
Request raw input from the user.
) Person endpoint
Compiles a marshmallow schema
Check to see if an instance profile is associated with a role.
get chained text from procedures
get cgroup mountpoint of a controller
Main entry point for the parquet CLI.
Return default display for given datetime object.
Create nodes from a list of addresses.
Print specified tag and its object.
Convert a sympy expression to numpy.
Returns a list of all nodes in the OpenNebula.
Unblock a block device
Make a resource dict.
Find the zone that contains the specified name.
True if resource1 is inside resource2
return t
( uuid )
Escape a string for use in shell commands
( t )
Convert a 2D data array to a dummy array
Convert a string to a boolean.
Find a tex file in the current directory.
Sends the inventories to the client
Get suitable downloader for infodict.
Packages a set of files into a tarball
Converts an IP address to an integer
Run convert command with argument list.
Disable availability zones.
Get the percentage of CPU usage of a function
Create a decl string from loop orders dtypes and sub dictionary.
i18n_release, )
Command for finding changes in the given monitors.
a % b
Jinja 2 review list box.
Get a group by id.
Render a template with context.
Open singleton instance of an action.
Print decoder briefs
Return True if path points to a service file.
Check that the classification targets are of the right type
Fit a function to a set of parameters
Check basic input parameters
Force a job to run num times
. vagrant )
create option values for optionable type
From a scenario with inline comments ignored within single quotes
list qt objects
Test that normal mode extracts descriptor from coins
Write status line if config. show status. get is True.
% repo. name
, str )
get xy number
Decrypt data with AES method
Get a socket from an IP address.
Set the proxy for Windows
Convert hex to rgba
List package revisions.
Save photos from user.
Convert temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit.
Update the version number of a specific event.
Return a unique identifier for a cloud instance.
Remove all records related to dn.
Check connectivity to a cluster
initialize a service
Find all occurrences of a pattern in a string.
( target ) )
Check if any of the loop lists intersect with any of the loop lists
Set quota usage for a list of resources.
Find unique IDs in a list of fasta files.
Context manager for handling usage errors.
Remove all files in the current file
Release a vlan id.
mocked render template
Multiply a number f with a number a.
( ) transpose
Returns True if val is a string.
Get task coverage.
Monitor the status of a minion
expand asterisks in sql expression
collect has the same result with different symbols
Compare two keys of the same type
List groups in hostgroup inventory
Return a systemctl command line
Get siblings along path to another page
Write content to a file at output path
Replaces the given file with the given data.
Return a connect string
Test that entry is in set
Received a welcome message. If the user is logged in and the welcome message has not expired
Set the icon for the specified file.
Load a module with the given name using lazy loader.
Find approval for a given object.
Get desktop module by name.
Check if tool can eliminate tool dependency
Encodes a byte string into a variable length string.
domain = domain of the host
Check if dna chars are valid.
Split args into dict.
Create a date ticker locator and formatter.
Remove all modules in sys. modules.
Install a signal handler for a given file descriptor
Implement hadoop fs mkdir.
bsd )
Greatest common divider
tester to remove a follower
mocked get recording by id
Get or update cache value for a namespace.
Display a deprecation warning for the given unit
Substitute string in a python type declaration
Locks the user s account.
main entry point for the script.
Hash a thesubdb file
to verbose output
Initialize a maildir
Get flavor extra spec.
Check status of Datapusher job.
Extract lines from output.
creates a temporary allow rule
Get members of an object.
Convert Dkl to RGB.
Case file indexing for wrong link.
Charts index page.
Builds a simple haplotype with num patterns
( )
This function locks a minion in Zookeeper
Parse a preference file and return a dictionary of keys and values
About command for CloudBot.
Calculate the variance of a numeric array.
Groups items by key fn
test inverse operator for evoked environment
Convert a date from matroska format to datetime
Return if the system is running
return t
) Decryptable
Check mountpoint exists and is mountpoint
not a backend )
Filter release name
( str )
Parse a string as a python template
Return a list of values from a value list
Class decorator for shared variables.
Unsubscribe a user from newsletters
Assigns the given user to the given page
Dump memory to a temporary directory.
Calculate the rolling vwap of a series of closes and volumes
bench. num ]
Join path parts to one path.
num = 0 )
archive a build job
Run a command and return stdout and stderr
Removes noise characters from a string.
The answer preview view for an answer
Read a string from a file.
Test smote with wrong kind
Try to establish a connection to a MySQL database.
List all projects modified since a given time.
Removes a file or directory if it exists.
Find a smart path for the challenge combinations.
Parse media descriptor string.
Make a dense layer.
Stop running containers.
Get the phred quality of a record
Get the instance uuid by label
* * kwargs )
Iterate over all modules in a package
) indicator
Authenticate credentials against configured backends.
Ensure a subreddit with the given name exists. If it does not create it.
Generate client library from discovery document
Obtains the elapsed time between two cuEvents.
Test event collection set color
pushd and popd are the same as in os. getcwd
Setup the platform.
Choose a random test suite to run.
Edit an alias for a project.
adds a new addon
Return the name of a file or file object.
Convert milliseconds since epoch to datetime. timedelta.
return service types
Unescape a string literal.
Return all the contexts for a given list of keyspaces and connections
Task add page
Make an eventrule.
Read the current version from the version file.
arg of softmax function
Revoke all certs for a user in a project.
), None
Create an xblock info entry in the studio.
Expand the cookie path if it is absolute.
Get the latest release tag
Filter to core fraction of each sample
Migrate OAuth template facts.
Compute the histogram of the values in the bins
( ) )
Return users from osquery
Extract link from link header.
Initialize a dogstatsd server
Map qos specifications to a volume spec.
Get stock balance
Calculates the number of rows to atomically write for a changed entity
) Status of ceph cluster
Should return status ok when command exists.
Scours a list of coordinates
Creates a new campaign with a given bidding strategy.
Setup the Android Sensors platform.
Start the named VM
Root Mean Square
( buffer ) )
Get a logger with the given name.
Calculate the correlation matrix for a set of variables.
Unify two lists of gens
Find end of expression in a line
( featur )
Render a list of files as HTML.
Authenticates against the Firebase Firebase service.
masquerade course with ajax request
( label )
) [ 0 ]
Get current timezone node.
reconcile vouchers against document
Create a list of formatter objects.
) Restore root logger
Expand gallery templates
Convert a column of images to an image.
( )
Check that the current working directory exists.
Edit a folder.
Stop cover.
Return True if the class is a metaclass.
Get the IPv6 address associated with provided interface
Collect all reviews from movie reviews and write to writer.
Load all enabled extensions.
Get embeddings for each word.
Set media player of media list.
Return x as a list if not already a list.
Find orphaned children in the database.
Change the security of a user cookie.
Remove duplicates from a list preserving the order
Clear screen
Test compound gate representance
Format an example with the given substitutions.
) Un camel case string.
Return the default logfile for the given executable name
Get the loops difference
Pads a number to the nearest n characters
Get a provider by name.
Change the username of the current user
Show a resource via pcs command
shortcut for request. route url.
x * y )
Decode path if not already unicode.
) [ 0 ]
Run command raises error when command does not exist
Release a reserved address
ResNet v1 resnet wrapper
Get crafted text from gcode string.
Converts an IP address to a network byte order.
Test stft function with num fft
Returns the version number of the Cython compiler
Return list of SQL indexes for django models
Remove the extension from a filename.
List recently changed packages activity.
lasagne example 2
List all available upgrades in the specified environment
Connect to a Kafka server and return tuple of broker server and client
Takes a slug and returns it without the template title prefix
Load a text file as an object.
Get the argument spec of a callback.
Update group memberships and referrals for this organisation
Convert a list of tuples into sparse blocks.
Apply pep8 fix to source code.
Run command and return output.
Get command line options
Test that the context is the same as the default context
bundle to joblist with no output
Create a figure manager and return the figure manager
Split a name into labels
Create transformations from a list of tokens.
Sets the tax type and total in the session
Match a string against a regular expression.
Request appveyor api json data
List all apps available
return renderer return renderer
Expand dimensions in x by num.
Find an executable in the given environment.
Make a script file from a list of effects.
If p is a directory append it to the end of the path ; otherwise append it at the
( '*' ) )
Emails a user removed from a group
Authorize a request for a user
Return the width of the console if available.
Sort an IP address string
index page for a course
Delete preview files from storage
True if s is positive above threshold
( num )
Test reading a dict with a default value
Get data from request and render template.
Find a library with the given name
Creates an ip granting endpoint
Run pylint on a set of files.
Distinguish backticks.
Check if content type is html
return a list of keyspaces
Configure the app settings.
or [ ]
import exploit from exploit. py
Generator yielding translation Message instances from a CSV file
Create and submit an attendance document.
Like a topic by another user
Create a dict of floats from a list of stats
Remove quotes from a string
Convert an ordinal number to a datetime. datetime instance.
Check if a summary with the given tag exists.
Get input file for player.
Compute the sum of clones and regularization losses.
Extract info from a DN
Builds a rep string from a song and its metadata.
count of dictionary in a project.
Search the recordings docstring
preserve torrent directory
Add summary statistics for the given mapping.
) - > nodes
Combine sequences after denoising.
else : return
Search for an executable in the given site path.
Find end of multiline docstring triplet
( ) )
return True if the version is none
Get pylint version from the project.
Get volume summary by project
skipper completes the line passed in argument
= True )
Returns a list of sort criteria for the request.
( num )
Calculate the hessian of a point
Convert human readable string to bytes
Set the evacuate or drain option for the classifier
Execute a kadmin command
Recursive evaluation function for the tail of a list.
Get cubic path from an XML element
Return line breaks as a string.
Create a new build target
Recursively clausify given expression and return a list of clauses
Update the rights for a collection.
Sort a set of paths using pcap.
update self. class with latest class
Check if a process exists
Read next string from SSH input
Get output dict from list
( str ) )
Allocate an array dynamically.
Connect to the MQTT server and configure the platform.
Check whether the given attribute is valid.
List all the nodes in a zone
Releases a local version
Writes a message to the preview window
Get a resampler for grouping.
Make a dataset.
Sorting a tree by a column.
Check saved json.
Make contiguous arrays of sig with layout str in layout.
Plot epoch data with matplotlib.
Get headers to send with http request.
Rebuild all dependencies for a lib
Randomly tamper the payload with the keywords
= DiffRenderer
Create a test suite by optimising the given tests.
Get pull request info from Github
HTTP Status - Message
Return a deferred that fires after delay seconds have elapsed since the last time it was called
Route to root.
Unescape node using jid optimization.
Check if an object is a sequence of booleans.
Add faces from indexed loop to the list
Find the root of the file tree.
( str ) )
Add two 32 - bit integers
List all the files in a directory
Test inclusion and exclusion of names in text
Determine if this pillar is a virtual pillar
Display the contents of the pillar
Parse a key value pair.
Get params and kwargs for pytest.
When focus is changed call the on focus changed function.
Patch cmdutils to fake commands
Insert or update data in the database.
Send email notice about password changed
Add loadgraph args to argparse parser.
Filter symbols from an iterable.
Convert datetime to decimal representation
Get the source and line of a node.
( path )
DE analysis tool for tabular data
Get using python pkgname.
return t
Create a new bucket.
Get a color tuple from a color tuple and the mode.
Remove repeated indices from an iterable.
( argv, win
Pause a server.
parse json string to python object
Normalize a string.
( num ) == str )
Check if the named network is absent.
Return a latlng separated list of locations
Generate a BigQuery schema from a dataframe
sort by key
Get the arguments from the command line
Check connectivity of a graph.
Return the details of a given interface.
Scales a dense column in place using csr. csr_matrix
new = True
encode a password
Set an audio output.
( )
Validates atom against maximum field atom length
Cross entropy with logits.
) Show a product
Test half pie rendering.
Get object by name.
= True ) pass
Get all file paths with the specified file types without words
Create logout url with slug
eff request host and erhn
Copies all files and directories in a source directory to a destination directory.
Clear the screen.
Return the location of a VM
Reshape a const vector to a constant vector of same size
Test truncate of purified field
Creates the initial state for the computation graph.
Get the value of a field.
Calculates log multivariate normal density at x for a tied model
Parses a CX XML string and returns the corresponding ElementTree object.
Empty the trash and print it out.
expand a block of text
Split named range string.
Adds a vary header to the response if not already present.
Return a list of loaded extensions.
Check md5 and see if there is an object with this md5
Test the regularization function for covariance file
+ None
Try to parse an HTTP or FTP packet.
Get print document from the frappe.
Return an array of triangles for a meshgrid.
Clear site cache when deleting an object
User streaming endpoint
example 2 with exit
Get a weak reference to target.
Test allknn for a single class
Returns True if the bucket name is mostly subdomain compatible.
Matches a string to CDAO or obo.
river account
type ( error )
Report summary of a list of plugins.
Detach a block device
) Join list with a separator
Find all free ports between the start and end port.
Calls the given function with the given arguments and raises an exception if called
write raw html table with bleach. allowed tags
choices )
Return the name of the compiler to use.
Start download for youtube
Delete a security group
Implement recurrent test in terms of computation graph.
Check if result is a valid geometry
Create a renamed tuple
Do not use the settings at all.
GitHub build.
Get permissions from urls
Create a new instance of gtype.
Yield tuples of comparison type and identifier
Attach a role to a policy.
Notify about a server group update
( mgr ) )
p document given topic
). pricing
Check download free space.
Fill text at css selector with given index.
Get available IRC colours.
Create regex for tag name.
Check that the id field is valid.
Loads a python executable from an environment variable.
rgb to hsl
from bool )
Wrap a fragment with a new content.
Returns a list of GPG keys
Join strings and save as ascii file
Create a directory if it does not exist.
Get chassis datacenter
Compute the power of a matrix on the unit vector
Main function for the console script.
Context manager to temporarily override global assumptions.
Get the uid of a given user name
Return pagination variables.
Convert hex to byte
Delete metadef tags for a namespace.
Perform hover action on given element
Reverse of urlsplit.
Build a stub file with trivial transformations.
) + text
- beta
Creates a overlay workflow.
Get the size of the cloud VM.
= proxy. service
Apply changes to a collection.
Return version of executable.
Delete all lead addresses for a company
Update the status of the specified flagged object.
Write numpy array to file.
wrapper for fetch hdu
Calculates movie estimates for a given number of reviews.
num = 0 )
[ prop ]
Get host from request.
Quadratic minimum function.
Check if package is installed
start app in the given directory
Ensures that the nullable type works as expected
Get geometry using nibabel or freesurfer if available
Mimify a part of a file.
Determine the type of a given function node.
Log raw IRC messages.
Get common path for all paths in pathlist
Remove the dnsmasq accept rules.
Generate FASTHEAD documentation from folder.
Computes the difference between two dicts
Move up or down in the stack
( x )
process an xml element
( host ) )
Given a list of attributes and a list of onrows and oncolumns coalesce labels
Find increasing sequences in a worder.
Find line number changes in makefile.
Convert a pandas index to ticklabels
Finds the smallest of x with k largest values
Return current stock value for supplier and product
Connect to an Amazon S3 instance.
Return a list of tables in the database
Return the base path for portable files
Return inputs and outputs of a node
Returns the qualified name for the given module name and qualifier name
View for a user page
Delete a service group
Cross validation with Gaussian log - likelihood
LDAP user enabled emulation ignored.
Delete a cloud interface
) ) Mock render to string.
Compute the maximum span of the complex path
Return a fake bdm object given a bdm dictionary
Get container info.
Create a fifo
Get a default temporary directory.
Render the template for the report
Unsubscribe a document from a topic.
Iterate over a mapping yielding multiple items.
Return a list of headers matching the given criteria.
Remove user from the group
Return whether the minion is a virtual machine
Paginate foreign keys on or off
Automatically log a debug message.
Update API key for pvlist
Check if file is a valid anchor file.
Get or create a hosted zone.
Smoke tests.
Remove a user from the server.
Validate index name
( d )
Returns number of volumes and total size
Write a dictionary of docstrings.
). arch
Return data to a point in the web
File system loader.
Test the estimate function of a label.
Validate covariance components.
. portage
Quote rsp file name
Show load and save dialogs.
List all of the groups that have the specified name
Derive a key from a salted RAR3 encryption word
Delete vlan id
Render OpenID request.
Find the nth root of a mod p.
cdlmorningdojistar with daily dojistar
) ( )
Add a new service
Local gpu elemwise careduce
List all upgrades.
Receive a pickled object from a socket.
Ensure the named resource does not exist in the region
Inject create tags into event class.
Solve the equation A x = f for the square root of the square root of the square
( GET )
Runs a WSGI - compatible WSGI - compatible function
Computes the Fonseca coefficients for a given population.
Print a log message for a given server
Create module bookmark actions
Display RGB data using matplotlib.
Read lines from a file into a list.
run test and exit on collection error
Returns the next host to try.
] + 1
. environ )
Expand ~ and ~user constructs.
Compute the least common multiple of 2 expressions
Copy data from master to stdout
Returns the gradient of the sum of the prepooled and postpooled data
Get an optional configuration value.
Returns the result of a zen operation and renders it into the template
Convert an object to a list of arguments
Delete a category and check it is deleted.
convert a string obj into a commitable object
Open svg file in web browser
( yield msg )
Bundle all assets into one package.
Try importing the given object name.
Rebuild a function from code.
Split an optional netmask into its components.
Return rcctl PATH or None.
Get limit and marker from the request.
Convert an lxml. etree to a dict.
Strip xmlns prefix from element and children.
) or None
Parse test files option.
Format a power value as a fraction.
Returns the presentation ref for a specific ID.
Returns source code of stored routines.
Parse an integer.
( po ) )
Get child element by tag.
Get settings from kwargs
Colorize a string.
Return all combinations of length num of elements in l
Get limit parameter.
Get modules and active module for current user.
Computes the difference between a key and a val
openssh - Try passwordless openssh
has eeg average reference projection
Unscrub a string and turn it into a nice title
) from middleware
Decrypt the contents of in stream to out stream.
Get a random prime
Return trailing blank lines.
convert a dataframe to an idf
Publish framework version
Check if a string contains only opening and closing quotes.
Aaaa helper function
Robustly write data to a file.
Display list of datastores in a vCenter
) : lambda expr
Creates a tabular edit handler for the model
Converts HTML elements to XHTML elements.
Find the indices of non - zero elements in condition
Set the global rate limit.
Test completion of a non unique prefix
Calculate relative date for given relative time and day
) is not None
Find the majority element in a list or None if not found
Solves a system of linear equations using the quadratic equation
Return a prime number.
Call TC function on system.
Convert a string to a list of integers.
Clear the cache for the current user
Convert regexp to pattern.
Deletes ephemeral paths from item.
Returns the name of a simple tag without the context parameter
Return the derivative of a function with respect to its degree
Get the maximal id from the database
Get mapview config with mapview prefixed with str
t ;
This function implements the gpu sparse block outer optimizer.
Split text into a list of integers.
Returns a zipfile containing the python library for the course
Send keys and verify regex
Test that the project dir is the absolute path
and minc
Find text in node or return default if not found
Return a carving object from an XML parser
Parse change values from options.
Dataframe test args.
( im )
Get user s membership for a project
Check if a stream is public
Test the inverse function of all links
Check if two dictionaries are all similar.
Generate a polynomial in the GEGENBauer domain.
Switch the organization
yield cookie tuples from a cookie string
Render a template.
Stringify the values of the dict.
Try to guess the filename of an object.
Report problem grade to instructor
Accuracy check.
Return a queryset for the given class
Current route for request.
float range test with exception
( )
CMO call wrapper for talib. cmo
Return metadata as a string.
Load a model from a dictionary.
Factory for creating window functions.
Get a list of available routes
Parse command line options
Transform all boolean parameters to their string representation
get pasted lines from standard input
Get IP addresses from a server object.
Return the comment app as a module.
Try to find an executable in a given path
Return the best fitness and quality for a mime type given parsed media range definitions.
Create a SQL builder for Pandas
. display_name
Name of a virtual machine.
Get asset log information
Extract text from an XML element
Default JSON serializer.
( size ) )
Given a list of file names and a pattern return the names that match the pattern.
Get a volume type.
Initialize web application.
. strip ( )
Get differences between two models
Upgrade indexes.
Return event to Pulsar
Install a package in the virtualenv
Return True if the user is logged in for the course
Register service in HASS.
Get a foreign struct if it exists else None
Determine if a database exists.
Ensure directory exists at provided path.
Broadcast tensor to GPUs.
Find words in a file.
: str
64 - bit left shift
Matches the sentence against the pattern.
Encode unicodes using the preferred encoding.
Manage allocations.
True if any of the characters in w are vowels
Start debugger in interactive mode.
[ str ]
Attach epic custom attributes to a specific field in a queryset
Current state of object.
download file from url
Get QoS specifications.
Set up the platform with insteon
Loads a WSGI application from the given configuration file.
Return True if the user has read access to the studio
Wordwraps a string for a given number of characters.
split node if node is add or mul
Poweroff a machine by issuing a poweroff command.
Add a driver to the list of known providers
Return a dictionary of environment variables.
Truncates string to max length taking into account word boundaries.
str, str
validate local ip
) + ''
Compute the product of two matrices a and b.
Get gcode output from gcode string
Create a list of commands from a list of files
Returns the tag of the current configuration
return True
List flavors.
List the keys of the currently selected keys
Ping a server.
driver. is available
. attrib
app, None
return True if the CAP file has a valid handshake False otherwise
Delete in class.
Wait for an element to finish.
= percent )
Convert a roman numeral to an integer.
Call a function with a timeout.
new = True
List all known frameworks
picks the counters from the log interpretation
dist )
Test the representation of a SkyCoord object.
Update a record if it exists.
Return the geometry output for a node.
Create a table with meta data and write it out to file
( '/' ) )
Start main loop with dialog from constructor
Get current playback rate for media player.
( )
Finds the directory of the given path or raises ValueError if it does not exist
Compiles the given function to a code object.
Run a package search command.
Test flask script completions
Calculate nest count from style dictionary.
Return the plural version of a string.
Check if requirements are valid
Sleep a random number of seconds
Returns True if val acts like an integer.
Add extra loops to ring
Test base of reduce
Compare two versions.
Mock quteproc. request returning a Request instance
Get task status.
Generate num vectors of the given length and activity.
). T
List all packages in the current context
Add a header to the current request.
Create a transfer manager.
The epsilon closure for a state.
Parse a signed request.
Return the file name for the type and test class.
) Stub out functions in test
nvidia driver which profile the function
Name of the virtual server instance.
Compile node to Python source code.
Get document url for the given project and version.
Add noise to the given image.
prints one or more strings.
Write metadata dict to file.
Get the current language.
Set plugin path in environment.
Check if a file or directory does not exist
Wrap an enum object.
This function generates the inverse Birch Backbone Basis.
) % num
write usearch61 log file
Parse filename and page ranges
Check nullability of scalar or array
Return whether uri is a valid Amazon S3 URI.
Get or format the date.
Hide untranslated content
Set id for function and return old id
Check if the password matches the one stored in the app
Return list of tuples of rating body index and name
)
Apply a function to the audio element of an audio element.
Create a tag cloud using pytagcloud.
Detach a role from a policy.
Return a set with missing values
( config )
declaration_spec
Create API method for sending requests to API
. id )
pass
pickles obj to dest using pickle protocol
Get dynamic tabs
Parses a CAS authentication header.
Test the pip download command.
Returns shed tool panel config tool path and relative install dir
Print query results to console.
URL encode a string
Parse command line arguments.
Print a failure message and exit with an error code.
Get releases for a given episode.
Check if a number is an int
Check home directory exists or not.
Get the revision number from the local repository.
\ Annotate content models by youtube id
Test iterator for sparse dataset.
Check if l is a list
simple function to display and save simple excel formulas
Display the history of a pool
Moving mean with sliding window
Add a teacher to a facility
Fill all paragraphs of a string with spaces
read raw ctf file from spm and assert equal times
Show pickled model weights.
search s3 org pages
convert java pattern to python pattern
= maxsplit )
Detects an agent using detectors.
Handler for HTTP login redirecting to the configured login page.
Make frappe output to csv format
Select a single object and return it.
Decode a string to utf - 8.
Check the status of a RpcStatus instance.
Returns the next datetime with a given utc hour.
md5sum for a file
( num ) )
Normalize newlines in text.
Yield dicts for all files in a directory and its subdirectories
Perform a batchpipe in a given number of arguments.
Sets a custom domain
reset out memory
Creates a new resource.
Task to be run when a user is logged in
get a dictionary as a C string
Get the status of the unit
Initialize the library and load the bitstring.
( ) )
Group by a column.
http url )
Main entry point for the beets CLI.
Kills the given greenlet unless it is already dead.
Clean up a bucket by deleting all objects in it.
Check if object is a generator function.
s3 roles permitted field
Compute the cluster state.
List available extensions for the current user
if sep else s
Update a fileserver
Return a list of jids that have been run on this minion
Install gettext translations in jinja2.
. id }
. register ( )
Get block device mapping information by volume and instance uuid
Return whether this is a virtualenv
Check whether the shape of the array matches a given shape.
Returns True if object is a function class or property of a module.
Compute the maximum absolute error between two weights.
Check to see if two synapses are the same.
Return whether the machine is a virtual machine
register a scale class
Return file path relative to pack base path
Delete key from memcache server
Get garbage collector object at given address.
. environ )
Get all headers matching the given name.
Validate a collection of options
Install the io loop as the IOLoop io singleton.
matlab job runner.
Rewrite a legacy bridge configuration.
Write or read kernel variable from sysctl
nspfxs
decode base64 text to unicode
Update an image.
Get title of layout
Try to shorten the given text.
Check that wrapping the long type works.
Test that installing from wheel fails if there are any prerelease dependencies
Returns whether or not an instance is in a resize state.
Renders a script file using Jinja2 with the given context.
Formats a number.
) or False
Print a summary of the efuses
Calculate point in triangulation between two points
( )
Convert markdown to html.
Parse the command line arguments
) credential controller
Test the figure for figimage comparison
Clones the given repo into the root directory of the repo.
Format exception information.
Context manager to temporarily push kernel context onto the stack.
Join a list of atoms to a url.
( dot ) )
Wait for a saltcloud task to be created
Get flavor by name
Returns a copy of the array with ones like the input array.
Parse a RSS or ASCII feed
Return the cosine matrix.
Find the indices of the first occurance of word in string.
) + r
Create an access key.
Update a stack.
Reshow a figure with nbagg
from string xml
Check access of socket dir.
Sends a message to multiple recipients
Tidy up HTML files.
Reraise an exception using vo - library.
convert nodes from one type to another
Returns the model for the given app label and model name
Set platform arch context
Return data to a mysql server
Get the fill value for a given dtype.
new )
+ user. email
Join paths in a case - insensitive manner.
Given a method name and a dbus interface return the corresponding method
Send emails from the queue
Download an http url.
Update a FITS file.
Move file or directory from path to dest.
task3 is closed after open task1
Test cache. disk cache with metadata
Step see some data deleted
Ignore if the user is not a sysadmin
Load a certificate from a file.
List all queues
Clean identifier to gce name.
Depth of the root of the complex number.
Copies and extends os. environ
Convert a windows path to a unix path
Decode a ISO8601 formatted datetime string into a datetime object.
return indices of mag inds that have the same value
Load enrollment api module
Create expected photos for the given episode.
Get a worker.
Test that a random sample does not fit an invalid ratio
Stop watching the document
Process the desktop quit or close messages
Convert val attr to a boolean.
Get rc params from file if not exists.
Return the browser name from the user agent
Test that the completions on imported modules are correct
Return grade for adjective.
Load data from a local file.
URL fetch stub.
) Get time
Verify user email
Parse timedelta from event.
Strip ANSI escape sequences from a string.
Convert an IP number to a quad string.
Generate a string for an enum value.
Generate a random lorem ipsum string
Returns True if the given module exists False otherwise
) : pass
Create a new quota usage for a resource.
Console click cli with given parameters.
Get HTTP status message by code.
Display the pillar data from the master
Create a transfer job.
Jump to a given tab number
Callback for logging node status
Get a string containing all the currently stored preferences.
Render HTML page for a course textbook.
Read a string from a 4 byte file.
Run lettuce on a feature and raise an error.
Add a new service group
convert specials to string
Get peak from all stc waveforms
True if a and b are equal
Validate that value is a positive float.
is not None
<= b
Check status of a core
Get the target of a link
Generate cache key for html page.
d ) del d
create a new service object and harvest layers for a service
Select a template from a list of template names.
[ 0 ] )
Extend the given data with length starting at offset.
Add implied task id if not already present in dict.
Compare two entities by key.
True if the track index has changed.
Search in the whoosh index.
Convert tuple to datetime.
add HTTP referer header
Delete a repo.
sdr.
Start the salt syndic.
Copy a part of a stream to another file.
Retrieve a list of tiles given a list of tile names and a config
Turn an object into a serializable dataframe
Main entry point for the daemon.
Return the path to the gcc shared library argument.
Record a purchase request.
Wait until no listen pids exist in namespace.
Run py27 with the non gae standard samples.
Get output dict from list of outputs
If the current site supports registration redirect to it. Otherwise register the user.
Make a rule key from the prefix rule group id and cidr ip
Get window analyze file given file name.
Get a video by its id.
( )
( context )
Create an alias for an index
Unwatch or unwatch an approved product.
Get all available shades and garage doors and add them.
Make sure directory exists
Insert document and vulnerability document table records
= filters )
upload imageattachment inline
Parse a query string.
Validates the volume on the host.
Calculates the overhanging direction of a segment in 3d.
Encode 7bit string into 7bit str.
Enable a sysv service
Decorator to annotate a class that has been renamed
Sanitizes HTML.
Get a volume by its id.
Check if two tokens are equal.
Check tree exact match with labels and tips file
Get enabled provider by provider id.
( ) )
Hedge loss function.
Serialize a pymongo collection object.
Sample from GNIST and save as png
Retrieve a vector3 from a prefix
Get all user subscriptions
write string in CGI format to outfile
Add an accesskey to a string variable if it does not exist.
Add photo URLs to a dictionary.
Reload all the containers from the docker daemon
Check if file is a text file.
add circles to a list
Find clusters of nodes from connectivity matrix.
Connect a client to a destination.
Display help text on click event
Queue instances to be started
Return true if the named package is not installed
Raise assertion error if warnings are not recordable.
Generate n - length column names.
Find prime and q prime pair.
strip ( )
Get legen values at a given x.
Convert a Google user s feed to JSON.
Return true if no S3 credentials are available.
fraction of spectrum
Make a list out of an int
Render http response.
) + 1
Load a Python module from a file.
or name )
Test bash completion.
Update a table in the database.
Run a celery app with the given configuration.
Select n random live promotions for the given names.
Create a stub task key for the entrance exam and student input.
Return the contents of the configuration file
To be implemented in a view only.
Takes a dictionary of environment override values and returns a string suitable for passing to the build system
Return the address and port for a given spec string.
if conf. security compliance. password regex and not set ( ) )
Get all instance profiles.
frappe. conf. run tests
) for num in range ( 2
Update image properties.
Add a widget to the fake statusbar and show it.
Check if item is a container
ceil either a number or an interval
Resolve a value to an id.
Return true if num is off
Queryset for daily creators.
return True
Check if cuda convnet compile should be recompiled
Resume the simulation for a given time interval.
Creates a numpy ndindex builtin function
copy query options object to protocol buffer
Add a pixel to the pixel table.
True if the module s config has changed.
Parse a patchset from a file.
Run the test unit and exit.
Generate new ssh keys
Create a function graph from a list of specs
Get a reader class by its name.
Get info about one or more installed packages.
Exponentiate series within a given domain.
Add the given cert into the given cert store
Create a group snapshot
Detaches a virtual machine from the current VM.
Distribute a PDF file to a set of images.
Add a page if it does not exist.
Get the path to the distutils config file
Test the ranking of a completer ignoring quotes
Return the loop length of the given polygon.
Executes the given command and returns None.
Continuous confidence interval from sample size and standard error
Delete a task
Leave transaction management and roll back if necessary.
bcd - > decimal
Checks if user has forum access.
get syslog ng config file
Test the inverse operator
Read data from opened file and decode using base64
Validate shuffle split parameters.
Get or generate a Syndication feed.
Get the constructor of an object
Strip trailing unicode string from given string.
Get supported key exchange algorithms.
Extract a snapshot from the libvirt disk
Get a user s profile.
) [ 0 ]
Left most common multiple
Flip multiple axes of a numpy array.
Open and return the current state from pickle
Recursively imports all modules in a directory and adds them to a list
Delete tasks that have changed
Set the attributes of the given element based on the argument names.
( ) )
Check if index argument is valid.
Login to the VM with the given credentials.
Append msg to str if msg is not None
Write data to socket.
Return a list of files in the git repo
Split url into path and env.
Group by is not implemented yet
Load all grammars from the command line
Parse a word and return its index.
Create a temporary directory and return its path.
Redirect back to the original domain
Create an object in the database.
Serialize Django model instance to JSON.
print the judment action
Read the end of the record and return it.
Gamma logarithm of the gamma function
Execute queries against the specified database
Parse a list of tagged tokens.
Load a font.
Change working directory to specified directory.
Download dataset and extract it to specified path.
Delete tags from a resource instance or instance id
Test paginated url.
cpp string token
Authenticate user and get auth dict from database
Return the playlist as a string.
Get a short name for an object module.
Convert a string to a rank.
Sync the runners with the master
). strip ( )
downloader. do
Reduce the number of coils by decimation
Raise assertion error if exc matches pattern
Generator that yields XML chunks
Make a template from a filename and a list of root dirs
Zero triband op.
rulesection prints the code for a rulenum
Unsign a string and deserialize the result as a python object
cell name )
Writes a string to a file.
Plots the normal probability of the sample
Extract sequences quals and xml for each file.
Get reason for failure.
Plot vert lines for the given epoch name.
Load a private key from disk.
Convert emails to a tuple of emails.
Set a configuration variable.
Find the minimum interval of a given width
Processes a command from the request.
Assert policy shape
add offset to loop and vertexes
) Get all cells
Returns a callable that returns the database dialect specified by the name argument.
Test the fourier series approximation of square waveforms
Computes the triplet loss.
Solve linear equation Ax = b
Update doc string based on available plugins
Dump date as a HTTP date header
Adds a shipment crud string to the current response.
Create a new addon
Iterate over spider classes in a module
Dump probes to a file.
explorations )
Get cudart.
Test that validation is a valid subset of data
Calculate cup for a single file.
Extract the summary line from a docstring
Return the disk bus for the given device type.
Test all the convolutional nonlinearity with cost.
Render a template.
Get a list of scene seasons.
Parse an XML string and return the corresponding XML element.
Set dbms to be used in this module
Parse indented counters output
Update to a given revision
Visualize detections in an image
Convert an integer to a hex string.
Run make files.
Sort categorical or numpy array using the NORST algorithm
Draws the node using a dendrogram
add missing symbol
Get a ref from a repository.
Kick user from channel.
Assert that expr1 is expr2
Restore a saved con from a file or directory
count the number of zip entries in filename
Read cz lsm pairs and return as numpy array.
Insert text according to format.
Creates a new grep widget
Insort right into a sorted list a.
rc CLI interactive wrapper
Render modal html and js template to response.
Get the current log level for the request
Check if url belongs to any of the domains
Construct a list of tuples where the first element is the path and the second is a list
Set up the bridge.
test write and read source spaces
Prompts the user for a manual id
). text
Check if there is a translation for the given language
Get course module for the given section key
lex integers return list
Advanced coupling layer with aff or add coupling
Add a style element to a css class.
Clips a number to a safe range and exponentiates it.
) % name
Make sure string is unicode type decode with given encoding if not.
Write a graph to a graphviz dot file
Ensure that the named service is present with the specified defaults
Delete a parameter group.
( mapping ), str, value
( args )
Query providers in parallel and return filtered results
Get libvlc function for media list
Return a list of all installed packages
Returns a boolean indicating whether write should be performed or not.
Initialize the configuration for the minion
Run a command and return stdout or stderr.
List of requests for a list of pages
Commit a database transaction.
thrift - Create a thrift file and run it
inet_pton converts inet_pton returned by inet_pton
Shift a random number to a random period.
Return the name of the virtual grain
Format the value of the option.
Return a list of system plugins to load.
Finds all globals that are referenced by the given node.
Calculate arcminutes for a number of degrees radians and arcseconds.
Return split user partitions from user partitions.
Create a table stub for the given client.
Show details of a user.
Returns the grid size for the given ndim.
Validate permissions on the node.
Test user checkout flow.
Check if a path exists
Update a volume type.
Update response headers with a list of headers
Sort by priority.
Use webbrowser to open the response in a temporary file
Send an ftp put command to the vm.
Link to a user profile.
Get permission message by code.
Yield all lexer classes found.
Generate a random message ID.
Perform post - order traversal of e in the post - order.
Parameters for the Inception layer.
Check if string is valid or not
Compute the resultant of a function or a polynomial.
Read the bearer token from a file.
Updates a port
Parse type string.
Test that no data is passed to norb.
Parse timedelta string.
dump a certificate request
Dot product of two NumPy arrays
canvass )
Copy a file to a remote machine.
Get the model of the proxied object.
( proxies )
Get user info cookie data.
Fix links that are not absolute.
Main entry point for the network cli.
Load libzmq.
Get crafted text
Returns True if entity is a class that is mapped
) return True
hangingman, ds )
Downloads the specified URL to the specified destination
plan to resume downloading
) - > changelog reversed
The inferred function type.
Returns the name of the type of an object
( ) return 0
Destroy all quotas for a project.
Assign ast. load to node x. ctx.
Check if IP is in trusted networks
Test end of line method
Check user input
Sets a range request as not satisfiable
Join paths in a safe way.
Parse bond settings and return dict.
Sanitizes a filename replacing illegal characters with replacement
Minimize code by requesting it and checking the response.
Returns all collections in the service.
Generate client login auth token.
Generate a link to the parent of a topic.
second nibble hex encoding
Disable warnings output to the console
Get exception list by show name.
Return True if the given list of course modules are valid course modules.
shortline plot of histograms as markers
( ) )
Get the index of the point with the shortest length starting at point
Register artifact models with the registry.
Get the master event object from the options passed in. If the option is a string it will
Scrubs a URI if it contains special characters.
Returns a dictionary of interfaces with IPv4 addresses
Converts a gemm function to a gemv function
Setup application for worker optimizations
Make a hash from a value
) Add a constant to the builder
Closes the library.
( context )
Adds an expires header to a request.
Check that message extractors are dictionaries
Parse time from human readable string.
Stop a task time slot.
Make a CDF from a ROOT histogram.
for brand in brands
or tk ==
Get service module name.
Send a message via Flask - Messenger.
Find a file for a given header name.
Partition an iterable with a predicate into two iterables
Sanitizes HTML IDs.
Dynamically import package and class
Crop a title string.
Enable a server.
consume decimal and return as tuple
Postprocess a list of episode files postprocessing each episode.
Get all the pointed pointers of a collection node.
Upgrade the database schema
install a frappe app
Check if a sequence is sorted
Parse a byte range header.
Render a template to a response.
Apply a task.
A timer helper function
Parse command line arguments
Regression test for the d function.
List blobs on the cloud storage account
iterator to iterate over imgt files in a directory
Convert a canonical path to the local path.
Return a boolean for a given string
Applies the provider facts to the fact.
formats the size of a file in bytes
) + 1
Add a subelement to an xml. sub element with the given tag and value.
= obj )
correct compare alpha results
) * 3600
Read an unsigned integer value from a stream.
Launch num threads.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the item is skipped.
Compute the harmonic harmonic coefficients for a given order.
Return a list of directory entries in buf.
( t ) )
Create and return a figure
Get the MD5 of a file.
Add a item to a query conditionally.
Create a model object and test that it can be saved correctly.
Get course block counts
Load an hdf5 file using hdf5py.
Parse pci device address.
Return the expiry date for the given expires type and number.
Check whether the partial ordering is compliant.
[ 0 ]
Convert hdfs uri to real path.
Series of a list of floats
Set the value of a traffic configuration variable.
Return list of users to remove from the notification.
Check if composer installed in this directory
( str ) )
Preview a resource.
Prints the code snippet to stdout.
). strip ( )
Create index only entities for a list of results
get period names with given width
Iterator that yields features in CDS bank.
Get the current working directory.
Execute queries against the specified database
. name )
Insert num characters at the end of each string
Discretize center 1 discretization op.
Merge HTML annotations.
Log Odoo cache stats to the logger
Get the commit hash for a given package path.
bb = bb. copy ( )
Unregisters a device from the given domain
Check comments.
Return a list of nodes in a tree.
Return the timestamp of the table.
True )
( value )
FAQ step 5 form
Convert an array to categorical if it is not already.
Encode a multipart container.
Get the preference colours.
Get the crashinfo dir for a given host
Generate a cache key for the given request.
) Create ports and net registers
glance = None
From a scenario with inline comments within double quotes
) ** 2
Normalize a locale.
Find the previous keyword in a SQL statement.
) Start profiling.
Determine the name of a release.
Get command line arguments
Moving average with custom type
Find the indentation of the given node.
Update a Metadef namespace record
Calculates drop log stats
Find the gui and backend
temp_dir
Create a replication group
( hass )
Choose android context menu.
Run a command and return its output as a string.
Union the set with another set.
Test finder installs for pre releases.
arg, method )
Get human readable time string from milliseconds.
). strip
List products for a given country
Get a list of commit changes for a project.
Returns the maximum number of slots available in the current network
Get all clients from the index.
Get crafted text
Test the flattener layer state separation
) [ 0 ]
Run tadm with the given arguments
Check if a function raises an exception
redirect to url with params
Get child elements by local name.
Modify hosts.
Remove initial data
Return a tuple containing a nicely formatted error message
Automatically assign local variables to this object.
rl backward delete char
Convert a number to its Julian equivalent.
Load meta sources.
Get an attribute value from an object.
Return the owner group and crontab info
) Manage
Cython enums function
Return indices of dummy elements of a numpy array.
Roll a vectorized array along an axis
fetch a file from a url and save it locally
Set urlconf for current running notebook
Given a list of frame records fix the frame filename if the filename ends with str
Convert mirror url to proper format.
Creates a scope for convolutional arguments.
. read ( )
Return a dict representation of a job instance
Split a string on unquoted newlines.
Overwrite novel and non novel deltas
Yield all files contained in all entry points.
Convert latitude to timezone name
Get virtual interface by ip address.
Get boolean from dictionary.
Return activities of user followed by group.
Connect to a CloudHSM instance.
Extrudes a list of files to their paths.
Compute the similarity score between two TIFF objects.
Run the tests in the specified module or module.
Return datetime object in specified format.
Remove universal flags from config file
Edits a post.
Run a setup script.
ansible - module entry point
Highlight faces in an image
Get the national significant number groups for a phone number.
Create an SCP.
Generate a mock tweet
Call a function and return a deferred with the result.
Get the size of the console window as cols and rows
Concatenate strings into a single string.
Turn all lights on with xy color
Get the current active config key for this app version.
List all incidents
Change activity status
Lift all dialogs
Get album by ID
Get audit info for a user
Get cluster manager from config
Check for cgroups and mount it if not in use
Save a model to disk
Read a cached file if it has changed.
Detect pci devices.
Runs a test plot of the evoked data.
Load libvlc code from the given path.
Set video aspect ratio.
Try to fix Windows std stream problem
Check if a path is added.
Get percent of logs used
) is header name
Return all the values greater than zero
Search a file for a variable and return its value.
Converts bytes type to basestring type.
Build vim globals conf.
new )
for signum in signums )
return t
Append a variable to the end of the configuration
Return input from standard input if not a TTY.
hsl to rgb
Tokenize a SQL group statement.
Combine two variables into a single var.
Borrowed from django. contrib. humanize IntComma.
Writes a string to a file.
Add a suffix to a filename.
Return a list of all available images on the cloud provider
pycuda elemwise optimizer
Return a scanner object or none if unsuccessful
Check if a file is absent on the distributed FS
make width property setter
get notification service
) return settings
Get tolerance value for item code.
Start a web server.
get init version from. init file
Serve static files from a path
test that the hist file is empty after a while
Updates a security group
Fibonacci number generator
Recursively resolve all pdfs
ridge penalty gradient
Get the cwd of a process.
check for empty geometry
) test basics
Create a config parser from a config file.
Creates a location in the store.
Get a random number in [ a b )
Escape a string according to RFC 3986.
This example shows how to meet the subject of a message.
An unproxied WSGI application.
Get the timestamp from a URL.
Return a list of all active virtual machine names.
Test all parameters of knn
a group snapshot
Add the current language to the cache key
get long description as a string
profile = func
Returns a NumPy matrix with eye matrix of length n
Quotient for ground flow.
Tamper the payload with the string
Resizes an image to fit the given dimensions
Save local facts to disk.
Return True if running as virtual machine False otherwise.
Returns a badge for a given course
Iterate over all crash tracebacks in logdir.
Get abstract from a section div.
Display an image on a screen
convert an iterator to readable chunks
Return the phrase of the given text.
Checks if the value is greater than the given value
Return a JSON - serializable representation of the form
Check to see if a cache subnet group exists.
Run migrations in online mode.
Return two random slices from a given shape.
Parse the given data with the given parser.
Run changed languages tests with no args.
Compute the error of the waveform.
return raw arg as dict
Check that weights are valid
( environ ) )
A convenience wrapper for parsefile ex.
Number to float if n is NaN return None else float
Get the url to delete a comment by a given post.
Generate a label for the given model field name and lookup expression.
Converts a datetime object to a date string.
Execute APF commands and return output
Lists the processes with the given name and order.
Delete an Option Group.
Play a WAV file using the play function
shortcut for request. route path.
Disconnect the SocketIO server.
Get addon files
Reconstruct a URL from the given WSGI environment.
not in output
Parses an object ID.
This function will generate a curved radial plot with num polar axes and a grid locator defined by
craft_sequence
Tests cirs with a different obstime
Check mean and variance without data
Create a pyTerminal writer
Return True if basepath is a parent of obj.
Plot a confound distribution of a time series.
Strip common indent from a list of strings
update provider location with items
Get or create a container view.
Try to load library with optional error handling
Save selected images to disk.
Create and return a response object.
Track a certificate event
Return match object if matched else None
Create release and write to file.
Authenticate a user by registering a new account.
Get output from gcode string.
( storeid )
Save desc buffer to database
Try to render a nice failien page.
Render the metrics page for a given locale.
Patched HTTPConnection. send output.
One way ANOVA.
Check availability of capacity day night and table
Test atciqd aticq
Get volume type specifications.
Cancels all api calls.
) % n
Update download links after release is published
( object ) )
Return a list of widgets available in this project.
Returns True if running in a gae environment.
Compute mutual incoherence between two transcripts.
) assert warnings
Extract and return PDB metadata as a dict.
Converts string argument to int. If argument is None returns num. Otherwise returns num.
Print bucket acl.
Default router.
Add null handler to root logger.
Matches s3db. req.
Get recordings via echoprint.
Search the sequence for the given key.
create cipher by using a key and other parameters
Reraise an exception that has been caught.
Assert equal None line
Get a list of portal URLs for each payment provider
Create an embedded plot in PNG format.
pport in paper out returns the port number
gid counter function
convert a CFArray to a python list
Returns a tetragrid for the given element node with the prefix replaced with prefix.
= True )
Runs tests in the context of the vm.
Given a list of base classes determine the metaclass.
Get a volume type.
Push changes from a git repository
Compute the sum of volume for a resource.
Return a list of command line arguments for the Python interpreter.
Fix paths in package data dictionary.
Restart the named service
HTTP connection factory.
Compute the capitaine for a given epoch in j2000
- > quota
Recursively merge two dicts
Filter attenuation.
Return a simplified version of a theano graph
( value )
Creates a tensor type with a name and dtype.
Computes the kinematic energy of the given waveform.
Return a cloned intersection set
Profile a function call
Convert an array to the specified dtype.
Get the key for a matrix in the format row column num.
Get validators for given protocol.
Maps the given element or list of elements using the map function.
Return a list of all available environments
( True )
Delete empty folders
. __doc__
Multiplies the two time - domain functions h and x and stores the result in x
Get dict from Django object
shall we skip this module?
Create a file client and add it to the context.
Compress a KML string with Zipfile
Join a group
Return whether the minion is a virtual machine
) Format time.
) or False
if a else None
Compare a languge language with a list
Load data from the LIGO STAR file.
Generate roots and weights for a function of arbitrary dimension.
Zip together iterables of same length
Test model extension
Nested context manager.
) Write output to specified port.
Convert ec2 id to id.
Set a custom url to use for this page
Apply func to all groups of match.
Reset test scores.
main entry point
Leave transaction management on the current thread.
Get gcode text without redundant mcode.
Returns True if two rectangles intersect within eps.
Test enhancements.
Upload a file to a container.
Make all directories in a given path.
( ValueError ) )
Use sudo to execute a command with sudo control.
Validate actions in target dictionary
Return a vector orthogonal to the given shape
newline or newline with copy margin
GET xmodule. js files
XORs a buffer with a key.
Given a list of ParaFrags and a dictionary of widths return a list of ParaLines
Truncate a string to a certain number of characters.
Forces a string to unicode using the given encoding.
Convert a location to a URL.
True if we need to accelerate the download
Causes the texinfo output to appear on the diagram.
difference between two images
Gets the list of comments for a given node.
Get user for a given token and scope.
Strips HTML tags from text.
Run git ls on all the files in the repo
Return the virtual path if it exists
review a book by a given id
Get verbose lookups from settings.
Test symarray compatibility
Returns the first directory of the given path
( values )
Find unique vertices in a list of loops.
Show all available interfaces
Get the class of an object
Get an option for a given method.
Solve the absolute function problem.
Decorator to test functionality of Es2.
Show a message and ask user for a yes or no answer
Returns the value of the limit parameter if it exists. If it does not it raises webob
Convert HTTP response to a dictionary.
Pull changes from a git repo
Return the number of available ctids
Simple wrapper for ssl. sslwrap. Simple wrapper for simple mode
Log successful user login.
Parse the total storage limit.
numpy rng tests equality of random numbers.
Run migrations in offline mode.
Get email preferences
convert html to latex
[ 0 ]
Create a shoppingcart and start a purchase
= doctype )
Evaluate definitions for given annotation.
Return True if value is a simple type.
Scale an image to a certain length
% query count
Convert a tuple or list of tuples into a single block.
- > int
Return the id of a template from the cloud
, None )
Send a query to MongoDB and return the first batch.
Get the user s home directory
Return the hash of conda packages in conda format.
( False )
Get the currently focused window or None if no window is active
Get if a point is inline within the loop
( val )
( args )
truncate sequences at base pos
Check parentheses and spacing of parentheses
Common initialization method for all LDAP connections.
Check the vrouter and interface via CLI.
Check pkgin for the version number
, vera )
Transliteration for Latin chars
Computes the self - similarity matrix given a feature vector vector.
Return a string representation of a number
( data )
= context )
Extend prot with prototypes from dic
get or create user list
Run tox.
Check that labels are consistent
Current dipy version
Shard a word for sharding
Returns cls. mro or cls. bases. mro
Run a query every n rows.
, discovery, )
( text ) )
Return whether the minion is a virtual machine
set trimpoints in sff files
Create an annotated table from the given data.
Remove a volume type access.
Render a detail page for a particular addon.
create a new virtual server
Read a file and assert its format is correct.
Encrypt data with Ohdave.
Creates a fake k implementation with test k as the default implementation
read a table from ASCII with no header
Delete volume metadata.
Parses a circle protocol entry
Concatenates tuples or lists of tuples into a single tuple.
Increase stream retention period to retention hours.
Parse a RFC 822 date string
] [ num ]
Split a path into a list of paths.
Input is numpy array. output is numpy array. repeat is the length of input.
Get a label for the given revision.
Returns relativee relative to basepath.
Decode timestamps from an encoded string.
Check if given filepath has hidden attribute
Run a command and return the output as a string.
write a stc file to disk and compare estimates of sources
Return the status of the named job
Create an enum from an iterable sequence.
Add or update a repo in Zypper.
Return whether this is a virtual machine
PHYSICAL Section 9. 2. 5
} build correct answer
Virtual environment.
bitmap must be a valid bitmap
Generate a list of tiles using numtilings floats and integers.
nltkdemo18plus template generator
Check if a locale is available on the system
Strip site theme templates path from URI
Make a. bzr file from a remote URL
Check if two lists of tokens match.
Make sure the fill value can be coerced to the specified type
Get crafted text
Read 4 bytes and return int4 value as str.
Get the package ID of a pkg
Get makefile filename.
Serialize a tabhistory with two active items
Generate a random id.
test that os. listdir and enumerate entries
Calculate the apparent position of an object in true coordinates.
Escape a string for use in Django
Get details of a subnet.
Check if distance object is in km
Set the xaxis to match the given frequency
Train an energies trainer on a data set
Encodes a set using the mapping
. Tree )
Get DHCP options.
Test that the distance between the icrs and the GCRS is not too close to the
Convert attribute to local name
, script )
) : repository
Extract member into targetpath
Calculates the tensor - idf of a list of vectors.
Read raw fif file.
Register a formatter class with a name.
Load ne chunker from pickle and parse sentences.
) Converts context dict to string
Get a class from a module path.
Get the locks from the deployment xml
Outer join two tables
No testtools skip decorator
List members.
Extract inputs and outputs from a rule.
Toggle subscription for a given skill.
Create a new sensor notification service.
. strip ( )
Get node id and zone num.
Validate bucket name.
pendulum angular momentum test with relative vectors
Get the entity group for a reference
Add a regularizer to a collection of weights.
Pad the shape of a tensor with zeros on the left.
Determine if the current architecture is an x64 arch
psi with tapers and signal slope
Register a callback to be run when the application finishes.
Generate cookie secret.
get spider stats
md5 + vt + key return md5 + vt + key
Print bytes to stdout
( dim ) )
deep copy some keys of a dictionary
Coerce path to filesystem encoding
Compute the score of a test set against a permutation test set.
Update file at path.
Context manager for checking for warnings on a database.
Open a pseudo - terminal if it is not already open.
Install a package and assert it failed.
. absorb ( str ) str
( DELETE ) )
Creates a URI from a string.
Check format of reference name.
) + fake entries
) Make a histogram from a list
Convert a signal name or signal offset into the corresponding integer signum
Create a MIDI map instance.
. environ )
Return a dict where keys and values are the same length.
Find intersecting region of two trust regions
. expandvars
Create a workflow that itersources two join nodes and connects them.
Parse attributes from a GFF attribute string
Restore a backup file to a specific backup id
Generate a dictionary of links to S3 summary pages
Sort a dictionary in reverse order.
Run daily promotions.
Given a list of lines return a dictionary mapping library IDs to lists of field IDs
for num in part nodes ]
write a table with a masked attribute
Boot straps for stimulus data.
- 1 ]
Create a new dashboard
Convert a port number to an integer.
packed instance onto a host cell
Store the namespace in the ipython namespace
Starts a worker thread with context manager.
Use django static to serve static files.
Check whether two variables are the same graph with merge
( ) )
Return all states
CRC of a string
typelibs
List all configured NICtags
Returns a flattened toposort of the data.
Prints the given course in a pretty format
Load a template library
( y ) )
HTTP PUT operation.
Revoke approval for a given token.
Return True if x is integer ; otherwise return False.
Group overlapping rectangles and yield tuples of ( max min max letter ).
Ensure text is unicode
convert set to python list
Filter to include only published entries.
Resets the package manager and initialized packages.
Render a page.
Validate the repoweb attribute.
Get the latest episode of a series
Convert an object to a sequence.
Test ica - reject with buffer
Generate a printf format string for the given struct.
Returns a list of tuples where the first item is the question ID and the second item is
Get ABI tag for current platform.
List all floating IPs.
= percent )
Get API method for a given API
Create prefix notification for the given outgoing message.
Read file from input and write to output.
Send a Slack message with the returned data
Get the backing memmap for an object.
Attempt to load a platform subclass.
. lstrip )
Remove a file directory or link.
barrier.
Get the IP address from a request
Return True if the named service is running
return t
Calculate the maximum name width for service names.
Configure BGP device using BGP file.
) is not None
run multiproc nondaemon with a flag False
Kill an image.
Shortcut for setting the emacs editing mode.
Create a load balancer policy.
List all changesets and their filters
Returns the manipulated geometry output.
Describe the given data.
Signed timedelta sign
Convert a byte string to a long.
Given a datastore app name return the datastore type.
Average a block of values above another block.
Writes a text file to the output.
List all resource pools for this VMware environment
Find the type of subscription
Inject extra HTML into the response if not already injected.
Compute HMAC of etag with key.
Generator that yields grouped data for each column in prefs
Return True if str is installed.
bootstrap. conf
= bool )
Get storage engine.
Get a design record from the database.
[ col ] )
Unban users based on their usernames.
Try to find a valid translation of a string.
Send and receive packets via the SRBT method
Rename a transcript
Get models for the given app labels.
reply to the first message in the queue
iam name
Check if a file is a reparse point
Generate md5 hash for generic password
= 'ignore'
Get all remote methods defined in JSON namespaces.
Get a tuple of values from a CAS ticket.
Resets the cache and reloads the policy file
Add a slave device to a zone
Demonstrate use of mock dcos api session.
Return the first num elements of iter
Turn concepts into valuation tuples
list with empty latest listing
'\n'
List all pages and folders of treeio
Return an ordered set of attribute columns for the given specifications.
) Untested
Calculate the bridge direction with the given number of loops and layer loops
Execute a python program by PID.
min informative str function
Load a collection from a given configuration and logger.
deauthenticate a specific channel
Get whois information for the given domain.
Create tool dependency objects.
Log an info message.
Create a temporary flowgram file and open it for writing.
Calculate age from date
Creates a bloom filter
Return whether we are running in a virtual environment.
Replace all free variables in the given expression with a new variable expression.
( arg )
Export a databook to a PANDAS spreadsheet
Get bandwidth usage for a device.
mathml expr
python - > pythonic pythonic wrapper
Converts an unsigned integer to a python struct. unpacker
= count )
get element node by key
Temporarily replace sys. stdout and sys. stderr with io.
Delete a scheduled event
Return closest number between two objects.
Plot unit points.
Parse a host list
Get a retention policy.
Check if coordination backend is configured.
Parse a UDP 227 response
Start a virtual machine.
Validate fields against pg_type
Returns the suffix for a given dictionary
Generate a diff between two pipeline definitions.
Get absolute file path for given object
Get the distance between the provided text and Gcode.
read and parse style files from a directory
Product a list of factor expressions
Get libvlc media list.
Detect peaks in array
Returns a list of all the objects in the registry that match the given regex type or the type
Return information about a given image
Generate a CRC16 table.
indent a string
View to see the semantic view for the current user.
Command for moving the ship.
Add a certificate activation event
Show current settings.
: ] return tag
( repo )
( path )
R7 test.
Call command and raise called process error if retcode is nonzero.
Takes a string and collapses any linebreaks above a given threshold.
Compute the sparse cross entropy.
get work by id
Smooths an image using the Emboss algorithm.
Create a file or a directory only if it does not exist.
Main entry point for the tlsext client.
Calculate the asquare distance for each value in an array along an axis.
delete a key from a config file
, global conf
direction | type )
get raw barcode and sequence from sequence.
tester to update a follower
Open a file or folder in the default application
Create a cache cluster service.
Check if an argument is nullable
Convert an integer to a symbol.
Remove from filenames dirnames or filenames entries in blacklist
Generate a list of strings
Creates an instance of the token store.
Divide two scalars.
Return a random string of length length
Log result using naglog.
Commit changes to the database
Return a hash of a resource
Create a new channel.
Write frappe documentation to files.
( num ) )
Find the last modified time of all utmp files in the current directory.
Get changeset hashes for a given changeset revision.
Get all attribute names of an object.
Compute the adjacency spectrum of a network.
) * x
Yields changes in a streaming fashion.
Directed desargues graph.
close connection to the database
Determines the number of sockets in the kernel pool
Return the intersection of two sets as a list
Convert to fixed orient.
Wraps a number to be between 0 and m - 1
imports from xml
Get desired package string
Redirect to a URL if it doesn t already exist
Get a dictionary from the local backend.
Return virtual state.
STATUS ENQUIRY Section 9. 2. 7
Test line counting multi
Return the grains dict from the proxied device
). education
Locate web server path from a description.
obj ) json
Delete a file from the default data backend.
Return a list of classes that pass all precondition checks
Creates a shared constructor for sparse tensors.
Unary minus operator
Test that quartiles work as expected
Cleans the value of a setting.
Get the n gettext for a model or queryset.
install flocker docker plugin
qtbot )
Assert that two values are equal
Delete object softly
Correctly urlencode the value.
Remove driver from pricing cache.
= None )
Returns the column header for a particular column.
Calculate the entropy of a vector.
assign name to a variable
\ Dedent nodetext.
Register a bundle with the global registry
Calculate the hash of a sequence.
Match a time series re.
Reset user password
Find repeats in an array.
Guess the language of the given string
fake run horcmgr.
Check if an element is at the start of a document.
Get the old package revision license ids.
setup a colormap
Add a histogram scalar and zero fraction activations to the graph.
Category detail view.
( volume )
Find the start of everything in a matrix.
Quote url for use in a URL.
Run standby.
Update test for failed download
Inverse exponential function
Update a key in the gecos dictionary
print error message to stderr
Call libvlc function to parse media descriptor string.
Test that the data in the bdf file is the same as the raw data.
Unpack file at link into location.
Helper to insert a string into the window.
filter by latest changeset revision that has missing tool test components
Parse a URL or string into a urlparse. ParseResult object.
Solve a triangular system using JIT
Update a resource.
Convert item to resource record set.
Return whether the minion is a virtual machine
Delete all dag task instances
Return the url of the frontend
imshow single spectrum or multiple channels
Check if user has fulfilled all prerequisites for this course
Get device memory attribute
make inverse operator test for union of bads and goods
. process )
Convert to snake_case.
get json from requests resp
Get intersection of x with x intersection tables
Insert axis into strides
Get a list of projects from a config object
is same entry
return True
Just print out the array
Get the current theme for the request.
Read keys from registry
Get all events for a given event.
Return a list of services that are enabled and available.
Main entry point for spyder.
Check if field name exists in schema.
Format the generated config header
Fetch versions of a tool from the API.
Extract cap polygon and circle from XML element
Get info from the process.
Get the path and type of a template
PAGING REQUEST Section 9. 2. 2
version file name
( book ) )
Generate a schema for the parameters of an action.
Estimate from weights
Test that completions from jedi library are complete
Get node state by its id.
Format the device
Convert errors to HTTP errors.
Get the MD5 of a file.
Get application id from environment variable
Detach the zone from the current zone
Encrypt data with AES.
List storage accounts.
write invalid toplevel meta to ipac
Create a symlink from source to destination
Generate a random number.
Check the number of jobs
Resolve a symbolic link to a file or directory.
) or None
Parse a list of keqv - like strings.
Load shows from database
Check if repo exists and is writeable
Send MPI to the smartcard.
Equivalent of mkdir - p.
Add schema entry to the database.
str ) ( )
Convert a date to a datetime object.
offset the transformation matrix by the center of the given pixel
[ 0 ]
Find a resource by name or id.
Test that numpy is correctly aligned on a memory buffer
Should we profile this project
Validate string length.
Forces escaping of the given string.
Get id pairs from a track list.
Register a class with the registry.
Try to guess the upload date from the date str
ipv6 address format
Parses the assigned metadata for each module from the csv file.
Check if a request host matches a whitelist.
Deletes a user from the database.
Widget welcome page
Return virtual name if it is set else bool.
abs Lifting function for abs computations
Return the last num
Generate translations for the item name.
( g )
- 1 ].
cdlpiercing sample from the dataset
Assert datasource protocol.
update vmx path
Return a list of valid static units
schemata will be a dict of schemata where the keys are the names of the schemata
( event )
Solve the equation x = f x + g for x
Temporarily suspend buffer edits
t : struct
Convert ctypes pointer to numpy array.
Returns the query to filter the document based on a set of keyword arguments.
allocation endpoint
Convert a dictionary of lookups to a dictionary of params.
) return str
update dict with current state of machine
Print msg and exit with exit code.
Check if a device is mounted.
Return whether this is a virtual machine
Check if a segment completely covers a set of intersections
print languages
Convert from rads to radsec
Consume a literal string from a thrift token
Return the url of the evidence page for a given user id and course key.
. set ( keyhint ). set ( )
Set the value of p to zero.
Scale value between inlow and outlow
Returns the ids for the current request including the request itself.
detail details of a user
Create a rule cell.
Get python directory names recursively.
Convert a model to an entity schema.
Removes jacket from the container if it exists.
) if value
List all available nodes in the cluster
Sample from a mixture of means and standard deviations
currency view.
verify code with revision
]. type
return translations
IDENTITY RESPONSE Section 9. 2. 5
Resolve a PDF or a list of PDFs
Load user and roles from database
Check if config file contains passwords.
Count the number of records in a DICOM file
install as gi python module
Create a deferred and errback.
Delete instance info cache entry.
Print equality predicates.
Get a list of all installed repos.
Return list of doctests suites.
Fetches the given option from the config.
( True )
Change mac and print MAC address.
Format a list of args or kwargs
Change state of system.
Create a new root page and redirect to it.
convert from mobius interval to interval
. html ( )
Test the cross product of two 3d vectors
) or supportmail
Recursive rfc822 parser
ISO8601
Thresholding function for bayes maximizing variance
Read a block of data from a RLE file.
= nodename )
test category links plugin with customer
Sort a string in natural order.
, 1 )
Closes cover tilt
Extracts key and value from a dict of params that match certain criteria.
Converts a pct string to an integer.
Get the file of an object
import the images table
Upscale an image by a given ratio
Least common multiple.
Concatenate xml files.
Check correctness of channelwise functions
Daemonize the application if sys. platform starts with python
Replay gain mode.
Get audit log entries
test completion of bad module
Extract meta data from image metadata.
Stop the server if running
Print the information about a specific job
Start a new thread waiting for the system to exit.
port - > port dict sg - > security group
( ) )
Get the average of a set of values.
) - > float
Test stockwell api.
subscribe to in and push to out url
Remove naughty strings from file at filepath.
Creates a client for interacting with cloud blockstorage.
Convert datetime to ordinal float
pi pi ( )
Serve an error page.
Recursively create objects from a bit string.
( uuid ) )
iter ( )
Return the number of GPUs on this machine
Return sys. path of plugin packages
View to raise exception with nesting of exceptions.
Write a complex128 to file.
Expand column list from an order by clause.
Test nearest neighbour resampling with indices
Check if a topic exists.
Batch sort an iterator.
Return the commit commit date for the given commit id
Recursively find the release date of an XBlock
Get a connection to the mail server.
Get a seed from the current time
Check schema of requirements file.
Delete a thread.
Save and delete a draft from the remote server
Run a test suite
Insert a new record in the database.
Get the current viewport
Update a port
Generate a random string of salts
read directory changes from a file or directory.
Test learning rate schedule for every epoch
Check if an image is present on the server
Parse a Python module and return a Module object.
( args )
Normalize a version string.
Add a field to the current form.
Temporarily hide some attributes of an object.
Acquire the global lock.
= mpstate
Creating a server from command line options
Return a tuple of attachments if attachments are a single string
= str ) return
Returns the value of the symbol with the given length.
or not none )
Thread loop that sends all messages
Install a list of packages
Download setuptools and test for any created files.
Run htmlinputter with empty lines as input.
Recursively scan a directory for videos.
Get the total volume of an item
+ query )
Ground multiplicity of a complex number
Get doc path for the current language
From a scenario with inline comments
Return human resource controller.
Given an app name and a list of search paths find the path to the app
) >> endpoint
Specify a temporary directory.
Get parents based on ids
dataset followsee list ( context data dict )
Add batch axis to a variable
Print a cuckoo logo.
Split a host name to host and optional port
Clones the given repo into the current directory.
Split a value in the provisioning portion.
replace or append a string to an existing policy file
Split source by bracket and return a tuple of the result and the end position of the matched bracket
List organizations in the organization.
Create a note
Return a list of current privileges.
Set the default CORS settings.
Find all files with given suffix recursively.
Show the weights report for a given model
Convert naive datetime to utc datetime
Return the cohorting settings for a course
Extrude text from a file.
Get batch notification listener.
Add a layer to the classifier
Metaclass should have a prefix attribute
Determine if a view is a list view.
Test for gemini v1. 2
Raise exc unexpected if expected is not expected or exc missing if expected is expected
num = 1.
Make 2D grid from 2D arrays
Get multiple items from the cache at once.
Extract a large or small array from an image easy.
Asserts that a response has the expected status code body and headers.
Unescape characters in text.
Initialize libc inotify module.
find base image for given flavor and size
Exponential expression test for q class
Remove null refct calls from functions
Add glacier checksums to the headers
Parse a string or list of colors and apply a function to each.
Try to catch the request and return the urlopen and the exception.
Pull a docker image
Test that the CSV output from voluptuous is correct
callback ( )
Create a VBD
Find the difference between two sets of mods
Compare two dates
Open a file using quteproc.
Creates a JSON representation of a sentiment document
Ensure that the named host is not known
Recursively copy all files from src into dst
Test description on long named feature
Find and register a package in the registry.
Update the universe used by the executor
endian - > endian
Find nearest point in a multidimensional array
print confusion matrix
Convert a list of items to a dictionary.
Get all EIPs associated with an account.
Pickles a pickled version of a function
Unpack bits into uint8 array
( ) )
Send a message to Kafka.
Destroy a node
Return a dictionary of config variables from a file.
Add a new salt extension
Call func and then hold the lock until it returns.
Group messages by their class and id
Shorten string if length greater than num.
Get the index of the closest point to a given point in a loop.
Find indentword.
Convert datetime to timestamp
Feature selection with replacement.
Return a list of floating IP addresses.
Add debug information to the context if debug setting is enabled.
Is the given address included with the given prefix?
Get OAuth settings from database.
Add a member to a list
Combine consecutive whitespace strings into a single string.
Jitter envelope of the given side of the violin
Check if Python is frozen
) text
Generate a calibration matrix for my calibration
Rank data for multi - class classification.
Run markdown. from_file.
AR1 loglike function
Test that the lexeme is less than another.
Import data from a CSV file.
Normalize and slugify a string.
Return a test suite loaded with unittest. TestLoader
extend lixian links
Render a template to a string.
Get library dirs from config
Create UDP packet
swaps rows k of a list
Print progress by string.
Send an internal error response
Calculates the floor of a matrix
Concatenates all original lists into one list.
Parse object info from swift data.
Return True if l is a list.
( ) )
Fusion local operator fusion by mul
fetch inactive ids from APNs.
Check if the key is expired.
Validate the config against the schema.
Get the ancestry of a file path.
Send an email when a decision is made.
Start a glusterfs volume
get sim info
Remove pyc and pyo files
Pip install a missing argument
resolve a document based on a document id
) : param
Log exception with traceback at the given level.
run decompiler on a specific analysis
Check if there are any localized strings for this file.
smoteenn with bad ratio raises value error
Load default and user configurations.
Convert bytes to integer
Parse updates line
Calculates the log multivariate normal density at x for a spherical distribution.
Extract all files in a zip file
Return the WSA attribute for a given operation
. fakeobject )
( )
Get all subpackages of a package
Returns the username for a given user id.
Rollback and close the sqlalchemy session
Check if value is a valid imdb person id
uuid tests for uuid functions
Get access token from code returned by redirect uri
Freedman diaconis bin index for a matrix
Set a key to expire at a given UNIX timestamp
Render a template to a file.
Verifies a certificate.
Test that a random sample of a dataset is consistent with repeated computations
Find an intersection point of three circles
Start the readline ref and store the function address.
Try to close an IPv6 socket
Check if port is open.
Create the WSGI application object.
Do a bulk build of pkg file.
Find a module in the current directory.
Parse rgb color.
Remove characters that are not allowed from group names
create disk from distribution
Calculates the log conditional probability of each class given an observation.
Check if a document exists on the index
Create a new canvas and return it
Initializes a test
Sharding function.
Add www to url if not already present.
( field )
get all theme dirs
Returns the literal value of a node.
Add key hint to the qtbot widget.
Get the heavy job number from the registry
portgroup uplink return None if not found
Get parent module and its name from globals dict
Make sure the bucket is writable.
add windows file extensions
Convert unicode to str
Check if arguments are a valid URL.
, True )
Summarize activations.
net interface statistics.
Refine the input value to a standard string
Find absolute numbering for a given indexer and absolute number.
Test oss initialization.
Check if method is a static method of klass
Parse sgf and initialize game state.
generate a client path
Set the SSL certificate for the site.
Build a WSGI application and return it
Strip prefix from device name.
List the nameservers
Convert an IPv6 address from binary form into text represenation
Get a model query from a session
Sort a list of records in a specific chunk.
Create a directory tree from a list of files
Return a string describing the types of a tree structure.
List the containers on the host minion
) or none
Shortcut for the editor and execute current command.
Get the AWS ARN for a given name
Set current position of media player.
Return a dummy vm config spec.
Load all summary protos from memcache
urllib3 compatibility shim
Logarithmic function with interpolation of two arrays
( nodes ) )
Render a tile as a bitmap
Return the ID of a virtual network
page with financial assistance
Remove a site from the system.
Return a semver version string.
Return whether the named service is running
Parse a version string.
Multiplies two dimensions
Get language object by code
Converts an attack vector to a web attack vector
Compute regularization function
Make a HTTP query to the given URL
Verify that the named template does not exist
Create a palette with the desired color.
( ) )
Test invisible text with pytest mark.
test if the current window is x
Parse gid argument.
or None )
Add a silvercity language file.
Return the snapshotter object
Return the number of processors
Run a bunch of tests on a cpu serial
( contents )
atleast 1d numpy array
Check output of subprocess.
Parse command line and run tests.
Task time slot view.
Regression test for knn sampling.
of a file
). subscription
Try to find an executable in a given directory and path
Finds harris points within a given distance threshold from a harrisim.
Encode a topo - distributed image into rings.
Dump data to pickle file.
) set basic logger
Validate device and partition.
Get configured messaging urls.
Truncate an alert to the specified number of bytes.
Returns the path to the binary or multiarch binary.
l7777 mod 7 bits per byte
sub list of prims
Get RAR version from. x file.
Same as django. core. urlresolvers. reverse but preserves query params
Redirect the user to a new url optionally replacing the view name.
Removing tags from feature and sending emails.
Render SSH key page.
) ( attr )
Type in problem text.
Render admin icon
Return SQL string with flushed tables and sequences.
Upload the image to the nfc server.
Loop audio for n frames and set duration to duration.
Invert QT
Yields each line of the target source directory or file.
Manage xen instances and vdi uuids
Twitter inbox interface
Get a list of users belonging to this account
Destroy a vm
write ascii with no header and no delimiter
is weight and w
Check if an item exists in a nested list
Get and bump version
Convert a python object to a BSON document.
Checks if the user is logged in to the serial port
Parse response content.
Validate a read preference.
Execute one or more plugins
Check estimator fit returns estimator
Load ldconfig cache if not yet loaded.
LL bp cmp
Make list slug from list name
Parse a version string and return a version tuple.
Name of virtual machine.
items ( ) )
Return JSON for a document.
Attempts to import a module by name with optional prefixes.
Return primary key names of a SQLAlchemy model.
MODIFY Section 9. 2. 1
Swap xapi host for url
Extract a snapshot from the disk with the specified format.
create a diffusion matrix
Get domains from certificate extensions.
Check ownership of a symlink
Define all the servers
) return count
Generic setup function for the platform.
Reopen the specified pool
Quit application.
Find binaries of qt5 qml plugins
Check if nupic bindings are installed.
Copy platform hpp into the platform s directory if it does not exist.
Send a netlog file to the operating system
Check if a DHCP options exists.
Uploads a blob from str to bucket.
Return list of positive ints from string
Render a string as HTML.
, side length
Test that the cov file is the same as the evoked file
Create a report using the given stats dict.
). hazard
Transpose a tensor by transpose tensors
Disconnect from the dataset
Remove older upgrade code versions from the database.
Get a template by name and scope.
Remove all handlers from the application.
Get crafted text from gcode string.
Add menu and menu entities to menu.
graphsize args for graphsize
Find autosummary in files.
Check if html is valid.
Import a module or raise an error if it cannot be imported.
Do a naive sync request for each url in urls.
get most recent exercises by user
Generate include search paths based on hdr and extra dirs.
Set up the platform.
Computes the weighted Euclidean distance between two points.
invalidate string dtypes in dtype set
Get a label for a field name.
Update plex library.
= True )
backup a datastore
convert ordinal string to datetime
Display the details of an affinity group.
Make a translation string from one character to another.
Read the checksum of a table from the database
Mutes a string if it is not a string.
Verify user account activation
Remove trailing whitespace from a string.
Check if a path is unsaved.
) return None
Return nova session.
Convert a datetime to a timestamp.
Generate a random UUID hex
wrapper for ndb. toplevel
return t
Read cached file content.
Generate a random unicode string and return it.
Stops a running inspector
Compares two evokeds with equal condition.
Get service parms
Does xblock have any children visible to specific content groups
Generate a string of random characters
Update bandwidth usage information for the current version
Create a cipher.
Call xenhost plugin and return result
Converts the given xml element into geometry output
turn every item in the list that is int into str
Demo application.
Create a SQLAlchemy engine for testing.
Run a condor job and return external id and error message
Remove all samples in the given path
str ) ( )
Return a fake site name if name is str.
( sig ) )
Unpack epochs to a list of epochs.
Parse a method descriptor.
) or False
Remove text from channel.
Generate HTML for a node and its children.
. upper ( )
) idle the clock
Check if a paypal id is valid.
write a string to stderr
Get the context for the sidebar announcements.
Complete key or raise error.
Returns a dictionary of saucelabs desired capabilities
Return whether the machine is a virtual machine
Test that the sip hst function works as expected
is puiseux for generator x
\ Returns a list of dictionaries.
Create a list form with editable fields
idlist p [ num ] = list of ids
cant compile str
Read head and dig points from file.
Normalize a list of paths and remove duplicates
Get the OS name and ID for a flavor
Calculates the betweenness of a node in the network g from a source node
Return the bufsize for the given interface
Render a link for the given parameters
Remove XML tags from text.
shortest path for a list of locations
Test that a miss with an invalid ratio raises runtime error
for num in queue
Generate a list of names for the specified modules.
Set the MTU of the device.
= anchor )
start core manager
convert hsv to rgb
Calculate helix complex path for a derivation.
( ) )
trackpoint
Return the basename of a list of files
Render a label.
SciPy sparse eye function
( None ) )
Make a suite from a Hist object.
Restrict the dataset to the specified number of folds
Get all datasets for all lddas
Delete a task from the memory
Get a volume flow.
Check that repository clone is called with the given repo url.
Get the block weight from the persisted block or the block name
Split a string on the given separator ignoring whitespace.
Labeled statement 2
write data to a file descriptor
Generate a random name.
Sync all the modules with the master
Configure all the sensors on the system.
Destroy a volume type.
Check if x is arraylike.
create a new resource
Decompose power rat expr into base and exponent
creates a private ip
Return the version string for the given version object.
Filter a finding by name and url keyword arguments.
Parse the sshpw line
Add vectors to the vocab
Check if image name is valid or not
get real social auth object if social auth is running
Load backends plugins and a list of plugins.
Make a tensor with dim dim.
Get the salt interface for the VM
Return True if this is a virtual machine False if not
Download a webpage to a file.
). stdout
Return an unhandled exception message.
Create a model instance from a pickle.
Return a URL with server name server port and relative url
Determine if the given command is associated with one of the given apps.
Return True if we have a bug in bgzf.
Make nc from arg if arg is a string type otherwise make a new one
Get mirror locations from config file
Get a ssl adapter class by name.
List the contents of a queue
) - > uri
Process a list of paths.
Flatten a series of applications by combining application version information
Get the application id from the path
Derivative of the standard deviation function.
except OSError : pass
Get a configuration variable or return default if not found.
collect tokens and precesion lists from a parser
Checks if a user with the given id exists.
Crop and resize an image.
( name ) )
wrapper function for model - > predict
Run a WSGI application on the given port.
Validate a sound string
Tamper the payload with string
Delete file system
Return True if private variable should be removed from scope.
Format data with the specified format.
Move file from S3 to S3.
Initialize console logging
Base64 encode attachments in mime message.
( cols )
Generate supervisor config file.
Find rightmost value less than or equal to x
return t
Manage facilities in s3 and online.
Execute a runner function
Compare two dicts and print differences.
Generator that yields tuples of index record and partition id
Format exception with stack trace.
Get the weather for a location
, element node )
Get all students for a given batch.
Set the load balancing policies for a backend server.
Remove all variables from the current context
Refine the given basic or atom expression.
Add a package to a dict.
Creates an instance of the GRR Api using an http connector.
Create tasks filter
Create a serialization template for a type.
Fail with an assertion error.
Sends an email to the order.
Decode task payload.
Generate a random filename.
Convert a URL to an IP address
List all available packages
Performs post - match maintenance on keywords.
Run OSX.
Count the number of chunks of a given chunksize.
Get the URL of a bug on a review request.
Base64 encode a string
Calculate the SHA1 hash of an object.
Expand environment variables and user home in a path
Service a workflow or a workflow definition
Check if a column has a value or not
Create a Kafka topic.
Stage a task.
Return netstat information for Linux
Return dict with only keys in keys
service name as attribute
Wrap failure in exc info tuple.
Returns the power of a normal filter
Hashes a password for use with the MSSQL database.
{ } )
Return a safe repr of a python object
adds two images
Use traffic ctl or match metric
gets the currently loaded locales
Test division of scalars.
Context manager to create a keyparser instance.
Create volume glance metadata.
Get month by name
String formatting.
- 1 )
Run bem surfaces command
Add organization course
Get default site for given app name.
Download and install setuptools.
View for displaying flags of a user.
Compute the error rates for the given counts of words and sequences.
cartesian to polar conversion
Create a thin volume group for a vg.
Get the latest downloadable metadata for this project
Mock get method for requestslib.
Verify that the named option is absent
) - > num
processes an xml element
Relative path from POSIX to abs
= mpstate
( ) assert density ( x )
Update unread queries for the given inbox relationships.
Returns a matrix of zeros of shape n.
Get evaluated float value by keys
( ) )
Get the training model for the Keras model.
Crops the given image to the smallest square.
Get a profile object for this user.
Get memory info
) return builtins
A simple xrds provider which sends a GET request to the provider s xrds url
Send args to spyder
Enable named atomic value.
Log a remark at the INFO level.
Return the week day corresponding to t.
Split tag into state id name fun
Return a URL shortened or shortened based on user input.
Write data to a file.
Reverse a path.
Get secondary language
Get account from database or None.
Setup treeio modules
Extract timestamp and random from simpleflake.
Parse streaming media json object
Return the gemm of the node at index num
Write data to stdout if logging is disabled
Parse nflgame player stats from JSON data
Colorize a string for output
Main entry point for the script.
Return the root of the zipline zipfile installation.
( True )
sql safe version of safesql
Parse a locale name and return code and modifier
Check if x is an iterator.
Temporarily disable logging for a logger.
Render a value.
print str return
Show the details of a keypair
Unzip a list of lists.
Check if an image is extendable on the server
Test format of PEP8 dataset.
Detach a load balancer
Parse a list of story lines and return a list of data.
Return the virtual name if it is virtual
vk api wrapper
Download the file at the given path.
Get text from list.
, str )
Split a path into its component parts.
Set the state of a single module
Returns the current version of the RVM.
If thing is a function call it with args and kwargs return it. Otherwise just return thing.
( w )
wrapper to catch astroid building exceptions
Count the number of messages that have been stored for this response.
Extract url path and query
Get the user name from the request context.
Get a list of version numbers for the given version windows.
Remove a section from a. ini file.
Enables or disables debugging messages.
Remove self dependencies
Raise syntax error if invalid marker found in given text.
Converts an object to a list if possible.
( seq ) )
Collapse multiple spaces to a single space.
return err
Check if cache headers are valid
Connect to poetry at the given host and port.
Test formatting functions for human readable strings
add a ratelimit rule to the global list
Delete empty folders
Finish concat of epochs.
Return the pillar data for the specified target
Filter iptables output
Read julian num from file and return as numpy array
. ascii )
Check if a connection is dropped.
Apply a defove to a dense channel.
get os version from running
Quote a string with plus sign.
Comments are enclosed in double quotes.
Add a domain.
List all users
Test a model instance arithmetic 1d
Load all certificates from a directory
Emulate hscan.
returns a hex version of a list
i see the set of dates as dates
Get a string representation of a table.
Resolve a symbolic link to its real path.
Decompress b64string.
Quick unicode string q operator
Parse authentication header.
Squeeze x along a dimension.
Clear password for a server
xor of strings
read memory from a file - like object
Create a temporary file and return its path.
_project )
Set a value for a field in a document.
Return the path of a jail.
Reload a module s dictionary
Convert a locale to a language.
* num + 1
[ str ] )
Duplicate a spherical bessel fn
oo OpenShift loadbalancer backends.
) Enable or disable
update a user s woeid
Copy future state from one future to another.
Raw update of the projection matrix
Check that a package is installed using pip
Get locale to use or the default one.
Resize an image.
Decode a BSON timestamp to python tuple.
Prepend HTTP scheme to URL if not already present.
Find the account and token from the environment
create status report from assemble output
Create a lineage file for testfile.
Return the authorization header value for the given response.
Check remote user and return HTML.
Convert max size to long
Get loop counter and current page number
Print a summary of the installed hosts
Convert seconds to a human readable format.
Inject the salt. config. client into the environ
= logging. config. dict )
Add a header to the email
Convert a range of IP addresses to a list of network names
Decode a string encoded as a base64 chip number.
Test client options
Get a network by its cidr address
elemwise for gpu
Convert a dict of tags to AWS format.
session = None
Find all the line numbers that start with the first line of a code object.
Send product alerts.
( target ) )
( yamlfile )
Warn nonexistent targets
] return filters
( CODESTRING )
) % num
Greatest common divisor
Try to find a codec for the given encoding.
% ( branch name ) ) local
Get version number from config file.
Get host name by ip.
PRIMITIVE CURVE INDRA Statements.
Returns True if the upgrade should be done False otherwise
Get the options from the returner
Call a command asynchronously.
Given a global conf and a list of catchable apps return a list of cascaded apps
Delete a draft schedule
( f ) )
Borrowed from django. contrib. humanize IntComma
Find parent element of tag
Prints debug information to stdout
Write file in hex to file out
Returns the OpenShift version number for a given container
Get the document controller for a given doctype
Build a model with the given arguments.
Duplicate a media descriptor.
Updates a floating IP address.
( ) )
Create a key with app name and namespace and path
Read file and return path and file head
Return True if title of node is acceptable.
Link to another database
Remove a sysrc entry from the system.
Parse a subject and return a dictionary
creates a function with given name from given class or list
Send video status via HTTP GET.
Allows to edit or create a dataset.
Set up the AMCrest platform.
Load dictionary from tarball
Port all entities to app id
Compute dt between d1 and d2
blank ( p )
Returns current branch name.
Add together a list of functions.
Compute the softplus of x.
( p ) )
) return conf
Returns the values corresponding to the given indices
Get documents for given locale.
Returns a list of tuples of image id and label.
Convert a string to a list of words.
Add an int function to a libvlc instance
smoothing function for smoothing
Remove a module from the minion
Yield tuples from args and dicts from mydict
Return true if the named service is disabled
Add a playlist to a mpd library.
) is not 404
Check if the title indicates a series episode
Insert default options into sys. argv
Test updating a contact
syms. comp makes a list comprehension
Clear the placeholder cache for the given placeholder and language and site
Encrypt code with pyherion
Saves forum role to database.
pass
Return the previous media list player.
Get using network time function.
) return
Get the age of the card.
Check if job dependencies are satisfied
create new sync point
Resolve a name to an IP address
Check whether the expr has a simple delta
Return a function to get the requested notepad pages
Remove user from the database
Test and run karma.
idx, proj
Find multipart post boundary
Register a serializer for a specific message format.
Returns the pants Scm.
Returns True if the user has access to the discussion with the given id.
Run a git pip test where the egg contains a dev server folder.
Load all dependencies of a package
Get a certificate or restart a certificate
Generates a random challenge.
Log payment info for the order
Match template filename to tool template extensions
Tamper the string with random characters
std of the Cumulative Density Function
return t
Split text at show
. strip ( )
return the amazon art for this album
Restore a file.
Extended Greatest Common Divisor
Returns a random string of uppercase uppercase digits
Check that a mail folder is not missing.
CM SERVICE ACCEPT Section 9. 2. 5
Return a truncated version of the body
Download a batch job when ready.
Load a lib from a cryptography cryptography file.
List all members without MFA
Merge segments with small fib
Find a module given its full name.
extract entities from a template
Delete a word from the backward bridge after it has been deleted.
Determine if file is an archive file based on its extension.
Read list of characters from a text file.
Clean data.
Test that a prior is more than one.
List all groups
Apply operators to e in place.
) + value
rm - mod
Return a dictionary with package names as keys and package types as values
Index of sale orders filters and mass actions.
Recursively assigns rlst to every atom in llst using the left and right slices
Generate a path between two sets of rules
Add the mtime of the given file to all nodes in the document
Create the config dir if it does not exist
Concatenate all the elements of a tuple or list
Create and return matplotlib figure
Plots histograms of the data
Randomly sample a sphere
Creates a global hug directive
Load trials data from a collection of documents.
Return the geometry as XML.
Given a list of instances and a prefetcher and an attribute name determine which related objects to prefetch
Unsharpen the given image.
Sigmoid function.
Return image architecture
Split a path in parts.
return None if resource not found
Disable trace logging.
recover constants in a python source
( worker ) )
Get stylesheet list from settings.
Check if node is an ancestor of a name node.
Return the type of an object
Create a new collection.
add loops x to intersecting segments
type )
) % a
run a system command on app servers
Check qdatastream status
Prune old cached pafs and streams
Get a list of all windows services.
Parse Django admin option
( str )
POST data to the specified URL.
Combine all common sections with the same name
Iterate over a range of bytes from a file.
Load data and labels from two files
Save content to the store
is not None )
Writes the translated text to a file.
Returns a dictionary containing the fields of the given object.
Audits the changes in the given monitors.
Encodes a message using quopri.
Find the closest path from the old ordered location to the new ordered location.
) can commit translation
Validate an XML file against the schema.
Yield all subdocuments matching the given chain of fields.
[ 0 ]
Delete all keys in the redis database
Get value from web page
Returns a list of mechanisms supported by the server.
Check if a connection has a certain method
Verifies user email.
Mark for escaping a string.
Accept or reject an invitation.
Convert a string to a float.
( 0 )
Deserialize a text representation of a count specification.
Create a DNF expression for a variable.
Log colored messages.
Get functions from a proxy dict.
Get spiral colors.
sum of booleans
Return the maximum vector3 from a set of vectors
Truncate the expression to the given percentile.
Returns the hadoop home directory or None if the hadoop bin is not found.
Unregister a class loader.
Creates a symlink at infpath to outfile at outfpath
Restart the project.
Load data from pickle file and return as tuple.
Make dims dims keep the shape of x and y
Run the network and write to CSV.
Return the RSS feed as a string.
Get the subscription for a given subscription ID.
Redirect user to login page.
Remove a database.
). strip
Download a podcast by its id
Test zsh completion.
Set node type.
project_id )
element node )
Seen union with thrift stack
Return absolute cell name.
Return the current user
Create formatter functions from config file.
equity view.
Move k from d1 to d2.
Add line edit to the Qt widget
Sets the ordering of the dimensions in the loaded image
Creates vmdk spec
get a soap accessor for the current db master
Get process information from a file.
build sdist and optionally upload
Run a readme from the specified directory
Find the creation sequence of a graph.
Read data from gafbyproteiniterator tag in GAF file
Decode a value from a byte stream.
Generator that reads authorized_key files from filepaths
Retrieve a file from the server
Create a temporary ca file from a list of anchors
dispatch a stat result to collectd
Check whether the exception is a unavailable one.
Test percentage text method.
Start an HTTP server for testing
len ( value )
RELEASE COMPLETE Section 9. 2. 9
Check opts in conf.
Iterate over objects and their children.
) is lower snake
) hosts filename
Run a shell command without output.
Get module cache for dirname or create one if it doesn t exist.
get attach link
GitHub hooks.
( date )
Labeled statement 2
) Log an error
Discuss the contents of an object in s3
Get metadata from HTTP response headers.
Import a public key and create a new keypair
Compute Hilbert curve correction for hessian inv and scale
Unzip filename to directory.
select n values from a series
) Register the plugin with the manager
Generate issue line for given issue.
) return low
Get a RDP Console
find empty alt text
Refresh the list of configured beacons
Check for uri param.
Returns compiled regex for the search query
Enable or disable astropy deprecations.
Decode a URL query string.
Get source code of a Python object.
Should not install from cache
Get a text field.
Check if a name is valid.
Converts a tensor to a dense tensor.
Add entrypoint to routing table.
Volumes API.
Like tf. foldr but drops the last one.
Sets a repository to a line in a list of lines.
Pip search exit status code when no matches found
collar shafts are connected by extrude.
Empty all versions of a bucket.
standby system function
Return the complete mode info for the given course and enrollment.
Compress the body using zlib.
Reads a cached file and adds its content to the cache.
Check if folder exists and is a folder. If so return the name of the file. If
datetime. datetime )
. Mapping )
Generate a mine command
Listing of orders statuses and filters.
Try to load a Python code from a Python source file.
True if snappy is installed
( p )
Test that a wavefront file can be read and written to.
Reverse bits in an int64.
* pi )
( topic )
Convert dict to url path.
Detaches a network interface from an instance.
Check if the named stack is absent
Render pdf and plot it with matplotlib
Configure a service.
Get HTTP headers from string
Consume items from a queue.
List nodes and return a dictionary of nodes and properties
Capture a hold for a given participant for a given amount.
Should this module be kept as is?
Remove quotes from a string.
Kaufman Adaptive Moving Average
Returns a set of alpha effects from a set of implications.
List all available languages
Get transversal genotypes from genotypes
Get geometry output for a node.
Get the public key for a VM.
Get the number of available presets.
Sanitize decimal separators and thousand separators.
Downgrade cidr tables to match current version
Validate metadata dictionary to be ascii encoded.
Check if url is unique.
Configure the mqtt alarm device.
Get or generate sjson for speedmap item
Return hostname of current machine.
Return a tuple of whether or not the system is a virtual machine
Parse a list of HTTP headers from an iterable.
Return the group ID of the current process
Parse all templates in a folder and compile them to pyc
Generic T - statistic for two values
Return xldate object from tuple.
Adjust shapes and strides to match the target shape
Right rotate a sequence to the right
Sms outbound gateway
Convert a string to a number.
Add an event source.
Commit a set of reservations to the database.
Send a flowgram to a specific socket.
Create a table with boolean columns and render as html
Update the package database
Decode a string to unicode if possible
Create a certificate chain
Returns the cumulative distribution function.
Current line.
Copy original to derived if not out of date
Build a path from node1 to node2.
Set a user s password.
Patch a patch from a string
Refresh the database
Filter flowgrams in a sff file based on a list of filters
Raises an exception with the given status code and message.
Display a systemd notification message
Open explorer with given filename
Test iforest with a sparse estimator
callback to handle user input
List all the datastores for this VMware environment
Downcase word event handler
Return a list of usernames for a list of ids.
Get a continuous query from a database.
Create a new image
Polynomial piecewise.
Parses a CXX XML string and returns XML as a string
Authentication backends.
] backend
Convert an object to ANSI color codes.
Convert cellrange to rowcol pair.
Load data from a. cov type dataset.
Unpack a direct TCP connection string
_sides
Return True if bson is valid else False.
Ensure src is a file or a string.
Send email to users.
. split ( ) )
Get an S3 image.
Startup function for POSIX
Compute the pressure along a given axis
Map glance id to image id.
Copies the given source file to the given target node.
( ) )
TEMPLATE TEMPLATE % k. name % n
Deploy a certificate to the plugin.
convert iterable to bytearray
Get the latest version of a class from a module.
Return a list of synonyms of word in num2words.
Remove lines that are not JSON.
Save stats to disk
mkdir - p path
Get a variant for a given template and arguments.
( ) )
Generate a random string of salts
Extract subrois from timeseries file and label file
Send a signal to the process.
Pause the interactive shell for the specified interval.
Convert bytes to str.
Get a free port.
Test for the RGB to hsl conversion.
Compute the standard error of an array along an axis
Get the line number of a function.
Loads from a checkpoint.
Convert a timestamp to a string.
Get schedules belonging to this account
Performing the covariance estimation step of the GMM
computes the raw moment of a sequence
Reads and parses a labels file.
Return random probability distribution of ys
get current application from frame
Test sample of a regular distribution
resize a set of images
Start a TLS server on the given port
Returns the name of the tag that forms the target of a comment.
unload a module
Update a quota for a resource.
( text )
sys. argv )
Determines if a given node exists and if it does not overwrite.
Compute the set of unique values of a 1D numpy array
Start statsd.
Return a set of normalized language tags.
Calculate the serial corr of a series.
Wait until prefix is ready.
) Strip leading whitespace from both ends
Delete from backend
Returns the current memory usage in percent.
) disable service
Pick the best authentication method to use
List all public ips
Execute a SQL query.
Creates a regular polygon and checks it on the fly.
Make a violin rugplot
Get action by request id
Remove a handler function if it exists.
Test breadcrumb navigation with localizing.
Get media list index of item.
Edits a thread title for a forum.
Creates a product partition tree for a product group.
Return list of available languages
from iso8601 time
Creates a new database collection.
non sym ( )
Pick eeg from a colormap.
Write credentials to a credentials file.
Run a workflow with identity join and assert its operands match the sum.
Eigenvalues Exponential Function
prepare bearer body
( test ) )
Delete Acl from the local node
Get properties from the device.
Make a source space from a position dictionary.
Returns the comment format for the given string
Flatten a string or list.
Extract components from key.
Parse an accept header.
Listen for connections and act on them
Validates that the value is a valid instance of the type.
Converts found result from string to a python object.
) ( cls )
Raises an IOError if the given path does not exist.
Returns the group s avatar as a string. If the group has no avatar the default avatar is
overlap slices with different dimensions
gm. id
Return ndarray with missing values filled with fill value.
Escape text for use in LIKE clauses.
Test against jpl horizons
Commits the changes to the database when foreign key is used.
Fit the model and assert all the parameters are equal
test approval of addons
Theano. gof. local optimizer for joins
List DNS entries
Try enum val.
( CODESTRING ) )
Move file to new path.
Download file from url to fname.
Build all library recipes
Get related topics from a section.
Change the subtitles finder frequency.
Run django test runner using test runner.
Create a task message from a task signature.
Removes the filename from the end of a header value.
Shortcut for creating a controller and adding an IP address to it
Check if a process is running.
get component by name
( runner )
Drop channels from a list of candidates.
Start a worker thread for a queue.
Configure plot options.
= 90 )
Return the index of month in year.
Convert a string to an integer.
Make and verify user s selection
Build multipart message
Unfollow the user specified by the username
Parse a query string.
), )
Create a time mask
True if text is a URL.
Taken and modified from os. makedirs in Python 3
Fetch the seed to use.
Get all virtual interfaces
Get a list of files for this page.
Check if a crontab matches a specific crontab
Convert a temperature value to an RGB value
Return the prerequisite milestone for the given content key.
Raise a value error if neighbors is not a valid key.
Reduces a dictionary into a dictionary of dicts and lists.
Returns True if property range should be sharded False otherwise
Returns True if a is a task module.
Open a file and ignore errors if it exists.
returns True if two values are equal
Wait for the server to be listening on the specified port.
Extract root domain and TLD from domain.
Get the full info as a dictionary.
norm of a vector
Estimate the centrality of a vector
isdir checks if a path is a directory
Validate scale values.
Load a count graph from a text file.
Remove redundant terms from a list of terms
Make a reference group using the given info name and position.
Populate database with populator
Get instance type by flavor id.
Login form handler.
Convert timestamp to datetime object.
import a class or module
Unpack a bitstring into a list of bits
Implement prioid.
Check if subject has bem file for given subject
Analyze text files with vision api.
, 1 )
Import and return an object from a string spec.
Convert an object to a timezone.
Check if user has access to course
Modifies a file by chunks.
Make a request to viewfinder
= course )
Check if specified NIC tags exists
Add tools to toolmanager
Create a fresh output manager and return it.
Return all milestone types supported by the API
Build a dictionary of HTTP headers to use in requests.
Add tax information to quotus
) is elliptic curve.
Determine if a point is within a polygon
for POSIX
Update draft registration.
. environ )
) : pass
Perform samplewise std normalization on vector x.
Compare two lists of files
Handle reading a field
Load word2vec embedding matrix
Return the version of the installed package.
Generate a detail report from course data
) ( )
Remove all facebook graphs stored in the session.
check flags against extra and ignore list
make a matrix using entry functions
element for each point in the path.
Report test result.
Disable all signals and restore previous state.
Convert a BlobstoreError to a BlobstoreError.
Run a statement within the current Python interpreter.
, { } )
Returns the security group to use when creating a project.
Wait for the given io. callback to be called.
Calculate the Root Mean Square Error for a set of parameters.
make sure trailing spaces are in row definition
Escape a string according to RFC 3986.
Convert an image from one format to another.
Return the qos policy group name for a volume
display crash data from a file
Get zoneinfo.
Creates a new event and returns it.
Logout of the user.
Make text into a YAML string with single quote.
Synthesize a spherical model.
Check if a document ID is valid.
parse name and version from a pattern
Read a long from a file - like object.
Computes the k - th longest common subsequence of x
Convert filename to source path.
Creates a new security group
Check if a config file exists
Set system rc configuration variables
Import the module referenced by settings. at initial setup hook if it exists.
Detect format of the given stream
Find a name in the high data.
Get all cached images.
Returns the given url with translation if translate is True. Otherwise just returns the url.
Make location files.
save bad lang when validation fails
Make an xheader with the appropriate fields
Parse command line arguments.
pport d6 state
Convert attributes dictionary to string.
Applies overwrites to the given context.
. environ )
Build desired interface configuration for the given module.
frappe. insert ( )
Gradient of convolution with gradient
Check if given prefix is a valid ipv4 prefix.
True if uwline can be placed on a single line.
Return the jid of the current jid
Build a tag map.
All - hac test objective function
element node )
Return the virtual path if available.
, remove )
Create an error instance from a dict entry
Parse datetime string into datetime object.
( virtualname )
Format a time in seconds.
Export data to xls file.
Extracts the XPI info and runs the extractors against it.
Get namespaces in range
Parse a codesearch feed from a given XML string
( ) )
Return the average load of all minions
Convert an integer enum value to a int value.
Strips xmlns namespace from xml
Returns a dictionary mapping field names to a list of relation info for forward relationships.
Parse sphinx searchindex
Delete an integration response for a given API
Report code coverage.
Return True if a tenant does not exist
Return comment for field in table
Create a virtual disk spec.
filter foreign columns using base table
Generate the index file for the example project.
Apply the fill transformation to a node.
Determine if a square is occupied by pixels
View function that handles a forgotten password request.
Identify names in python code
Validate a POS input.
Create a factory copy of the given state
Calculates the central moment of a series.
= axes. imshow )
Randomize a correlation matrix with an error
Get tricomplex skew x
Reissue a receipt that has expired.
Convert unicode exceptions to ascii
Run the ansible CLI
Decode a base64 string to a byte string.
retrieve addon settings
Return whether we are a virtual machine or not
Processes an element in the XML file.
Parse a query string and ensure that each element is unique.
Same as numericise but for all inputs
. slow test
use ipmi session to test ipmi connection
Check if path starts with prefix.
= True )
convert to filehandle.
Require a valid collection version.
Write trace information to log.
Load a module from all installed apps
Set a store on the application registry.
Read and return the contents of a file.
Create a virtual interface
( issue )
Persist a value in the specified file
Destroy all the OAuth tokens for a user.
SYSTEM INFORMATION Section 9. 2. 17
Test the confusion matrix with a weighted sample weight
Load beets plugins
Set up and start http client
Get next unique id for model field and value
Delete selected objects
Get the formatting type for a given string
Check that no fit attributes are set in the estimator
count the number of processors
Create a nrt module
Calculate avg and stdev of lst.
tests for hug. types. greater than
Create a dataset and add it to a list
Wait for a server to terminate.
Determine if a URI is an ignorable 404.
Raises an AssertionError if a is b.
Get yaml file path for builtin name and runtime.
Prints the given string to the terminal unless quiet is set to True in which case suppresses
Send email notifications for all users
Get when an exploration was rated on by a user.
Determine program name from shell command.
, element node )
Matches a list of filters against user args
Manage if an auth method is enabled
Updates collections votes.
= error )
( ) )
Return a mapping for the specified model.
Check if redirect url is full
Adapter for search results from the API.
Return the sum of all distributions.
Extract the entire archive to the specified path.
( from file )
var. clients )
convert hsl to rgb
Convert an object to a reference.
element node )
( address ) )
, num = 1 ) pass
Load a resource from a file.
Calculate the control digit of a number based on a list of digits.
translate a locale string to a language string
) else skip
Linkify a URL callback
Add a host to the hosts file.
Return the name of the network interface
Creates a database if it doesn t exist.
sign a URL string
) gridspec
Return a list of paths manipulated by loop.
Get the width of the terminal window
Enable the named service and return whether it is enabled
Set all quota usage for a resource as dirty
Get the text of the paragraphs in a document
Product edit page
Send a list of server groups to the admin.
Parse a flags subpattern.
num = radius * radius ** 2
load a mavlink file
Get DHCP hosts
load bill versions from sql files in folder
Markdown text to HTML
Connect to an igd instance.
Delete a device from Ndrive
Convert a direction in cartesian coordinates to spherical coordinates.
Fontify node.
Add new folder
. value. kind
Create a titled group.
Check if a value is a valid bool
) return s esc
) or None
Lock the specified packages if they are not already locked.
Return the type of the interface
Prepend the path options to the opts dictionary
Get texcommand from rcParams
Return a list of all services
Return the current user s username
indent level by num chars
Test that ASCII. read can read two lines
Generate a random lorem ipsum string
Parse short options.
convert from SimpleXMLElement to core
Generates a tunnel request data
MINUS p [ num ]
Send a request to a URL and get the cookie value.
Add a batch job
Get the errno from an exception.
Daemonize a running process.
Get word lookup table.
Determine default project.
forget a canvas
Generate a nested output string for obj.
Compare two lists of paths
Try to convert integer to int return default if invalid.
Create a tar file from a string name and a root directory
Create and load a table.
Get the names of all available plugins
Extract a summary from a markdown document.
Add a dependency to the graph if it exists.
Inverse of matrix a.
Detach a block volume
create sms inbox
Select the i th element of a list.
. yaml )
Calculate the ceiling of a number.
, num )
Returns a list of names defined in the given node.
Split a list of strings by regular expression.
Renders an error page.
Intelligently compress a block of data
Time Series Data Type
set the verbose level of py print
Validate that the has at least one key raises an error for multiple values
Random interkey between two values
convert names from scene to normal
[ CODESTRING ]
Check if user has permission to access a view
Get the function name and number for a value receiver.
= brick )
Find the n largest elements in a dataset.
Escape a string to be an HTML URL.
( filename ) )
Check if text is a url.
Add paths to sys. path
Concatenate indexed dataframes
Build the resolvers from the configuration
Extract hue and saturation frequency from a hue frequency string.
- t
Return the file spec for the current Python version
Get the full URL from the WSGI environment.
Convert datetime. datetime to epoch seconds.
) Create an extension
Truncate a string to a maximum length and add suffix if needed.
Run unit tests programmatically
( * options )
Computes the held - out score of a classifier.
install a user
Prepare a NumPy RGBA array for plotting.
Get git changeset from git repo.
Get the password for a database
List groups that a user belongs to
creates a stack of layers for an xml element
Generate and return the managed config for a cluster.
Parse to index.
No assert false is not str
Serialize the current site configuration to a base64 encoded string.
Defines a string option with the specified name default value and serializer.
bulk create entry.
else : raise e
Enable or disable the given condition.
Generate random unicode string.
Patch os. fork with gevent - fork
Format frame relation.
Wait for a CSS selector to be checked.
Check to see if a trail exists.
Test alias completions
Solve the expression with symbolic factoring
Migrates a vm to a new location
Check that the first character of h is h else return h.
Parse yaml file and return config as dict.
) can upload dictionary
writing log records to text file
Writes the translated text to a file.
Convert time to utc if not already.
Check that the value for dist. attr is a valid NSP.
Split text at single separator yield text.
Generates a URL for the specified handler
Calculate the Euclidean distance between two points.
Remove outliers from an alignment.
Test metadata merging conflict
) return linter
Generate documentation for all services.
( str ) )
Create a image property and persist it to the database
Saves an image to disk.
Return the distance between a line and a point
Remove a user from a group
Make sure data is a dict
Try to guess the labels of a given node
Check for invalid arguments in keyword arguments.
simple scheduler test with given settings.
Test for issue # 365.
can compile ( str
( )
A partial token sort
Add billing details to shopping cart.
spark. step )
Describes a method.
Update variables in file contents.
Convert subtitle file to list of subtitles
Compute the nearest neighbor of a user to a user in a list.
Apply baseline to all evokeds
Monitor a file or file - like object globally.
Corrects target font according to source font
Check if we can query journald
Create an IAM policy for a topic and add users to the topic.
Watch coffee script and sass for changes
Get the data disk flag
Returns True if the source is votable False otherwise
Reparam a string with a dictionary
Check whether the coefficients are stable.
. sep )
True if a is equal to b
get jid info from server
( __file__
Dataframe test args.
Computes the sum along the given axis
, str }
Return all neighbors of a node in the graph
Destroy a set of configs.
Plot a layout.
Returns the md5 hex of a file.
Test the compound inverse of a compound
Raises a right hand side to the power of the right hand side.
tables = None
Capture console log after each test.
XML - like serializer with html5lib installed
Get a job by name
Extract samples from a table in a file.
Return the list of available translation services
Returns the effective router for the given appname.
Get xdg configuration directory.
Tries to infer the compression of a file based on the given compression method.
Read json data from environ
Decorator to mark unauthenticated users.
Return True if str is a prefix of command.
get user name from skype
Abort the import
Split scopes from a string
Extract python version from a python module.
Convert boto exception to boto exception.
Enable bonjour.
( lst ) )
Authorize the current user.
Loop and radius find the largest inset
addons. get_files returns an empty list
Remove an apppool by name
Instantiate a proxy tuple dict or list of proxy tuples.
Adding a checkstyle to a project raises an exception when the project is not valid
Select a proxy for the given URL based on the proxies dict.
= cj )
log exception and jsonify error response
( n )
Copy a document to protocol buffer.
Get the absolute path of a module.
) + second
Finds the device name from the request
get the pid from the pid file for a given device
return a tuple of url components
Parse XML tree from cix path.
decode unicode string into unicode string
get or create role
Validates that value is a non - negative integer.
Jinja template tag to install a new addon
Render a template file and return its content
Write the Jinja2 template to a file
Return True if there is no minion with this name
Create singleton instance of replicas.
Ensure the named identity is absent
Returns the integer value of a webob request parameter if it is set.
Get the score of a block based on the submissions.
Update a colormap s lut
afm font property
Return a list of Zookeeper instances
vals 01 must be a tuple or a list
Convert an IP address string to a number.
Get environ proxies.
( path )
delete layer layer resource and layer from catalog
cd cd with audacity test
AWS EC2 integration.
Creates a product partition tree for a product group.
Generate a HMAC - encoded HMAC - SHA1 token.
Recursively apply the absolute value of a function to a set of coefficients
Test PSD with noise
( ) )
Use pyexcelerate to create a file and print the elapsed time.
( opts )
Check if a pid cmdline is correct.
) HTTP server
Pause the console for n seconds or raise a value error.
Update a quota for a tenant.
Move to beginning of line.
Returns the given text formatted with the given colors.
) return level
Get the mode of a device
Take a snapshot of the current image
True if this thread was the last response of the last request.
Ttest power of a t - alternative function
: with line }
Get data from a URL.
Log a critical message.
Get the full dictionary for the given lang.
Return a generator yielding rows in a given range.
Return the list of targets to check based on the template files
Crosstalk layout.
Check that a given header matches a given value
Check if object is a data object.
Balance Cascade sampling procedure
Test that the feature max length is equal to num
Remove quotes from a string and return the result.
Read a packet from the server.
Dump BIFF file to stdout
Get the system username
Query vcvarsall for distutils platform information
Flatten a regular expression string.
Register a test method for each supported serializer format.
Return the ps grains of the operating system
Merge two files together.
Evaluates a script in a browser and returns the result.
Read a packet from a socket.
Convert an IPv6 address from binary form into binary form.
Get an object from the content view
Update symlinks for all renewals.
gcd using the berlekamp algorithm.
When etag is present return the HTTP response with an unquoted ETag
Update API deployment for a given rest api
Run a WSGI - enabled function.
Parses and outputs a CGI response.
updates the policy elements that do not have the regkey
Surround quotes in bash
Upgrade all packages via brew
= repository )
Validate IPv4 netmask.
Add a category.
Register a service.
Extract serial number from installed package version
Get absolute url from path.
Get the intersection of a list of intersections.
relative redirect n times
Set masq config.
Move file from src storage to dst storage.
Query for reservations.
for a in a
convert markdown to html
Test denoising a 3d chambolle.
Delete a commit from the store.
Make sure ca filesystem exists
Keep awake for downloader.
Test the array transforms functions
] + atom
Generate frontpage pngs and pypngs
root. notice
Get words by content of filename.
( data ) )
infer the type of a function argument
Localize a string based on its type.
List all availability zones
parse headers from a ml headers dict
Build an XPath path iterator from the given path.
Nvidia driver.
Make plots from a JSON file
Return tree details string for a given tree model
Choose the right data class for a given endog and exog type
Assert an element does not exist by xpath.
Write a tty log file.
Allows the user to confirm their password
Parse query and sort from strings.
Get a unique value for the given type and id.
Return the variance of xs.
( strategy )
Generate a random age from a date and time
Run the portal test
Test match rules.
Generate a cache key for the given request.
Compute the residual of the projection.
Get an option value.
Load images in a thread.
Convert tags from strings to integers.
). logger
Return a list of the jobs on the master
Login view for Flask
) return collections
Translates the projection of the given entity to a message type.
Get the language info for a template node
Infer the frequency of the given index
Check if user is an admin
Configure the hyperion platform.
Convert a list of key - value pairs to a dictionary
Add cell to task log.
Get service by plugin name.
Compares two values and raises an AssertionError if they are not equal
Returns a unittest. TestSuite containing all tests in the given directory.
rgb filter.
version ) + key
Write properties file to XLSX file
Read array from file and return as NumPy array.
( )
Component 2. Call str and publish result
Create a zone for a service.
Return the total number of seconds.
Return a file writer for a file handle.
Summarize variables for the given collection.
Can the user browse the reviews of a repository?
= lighten
Process an SVG element.
Exclude regions for new webapps.
Plot a scatter plot of xs ys.
Remove lines from docstring
remove start iconset from component
Generate shell test data
msg )
Get qemu user
( request )
Returns the imp type for the given file
Recursively create a directory on an FTP server
Get blog posts months count
( message )
Deletes all the image property for a given image.
Check source code with pep8
Swap memory.
Convert a param array to a stack
Remove components from exclusion list.
Generate a docstring for the unit summary.
Test sensitivity and specificity support for binary classification
Returns an email address for a given number and provider.
Connect to libcloud cloud provider
Stop a running system.
Ping the server.
Concatenate two sequences.
Compile distutils client.
Add a new service
Starts a certificate generation task for the given student.
nb2 test objective function
Create Python script from Django settings
Handler for HTTP login redirecting to the configured login page.
Process a failed download attempt.
Check if a table has a constraint.
Edit a liability.
Returns a dictionary with the general structure of str.
Convert id32 to str.
Get a value from a nested structure
Test the short version of users list.
Parse output spec raising value error if invalid.
Delete a URL.
Download sina files by Video ID.
python ]
Get a value from a metric.
( ) )
( )
Search for explorations matching a given query string.
) & a
Update pos with unicode literal string.
Add a layer to the list of layers.
Run a data module on multiple devices in parallel.
Return the version of this module
io thread )
save bad lang when validation fails
Return whether the virtual is available or not
Return a Flask response for the given HTTP status code.
Convert an internal date to a time object.
Get an object from a given model with the given kwargs
Create drawdowns for the given probability table.
Get prop filter spec.
Send test email and display error message if test fails
) ( )
Create a user and admin group for mozilla.
Flatten an arbitrary depth nested iterable
Test the weights of conditional returns.
Merge non report only policies dict with report only policies dict.
( values )
Check if there are problems in the exam section
Sends an email via the notifier
return s3 controller with pre filter
] choose poc
Compute the histogram of a tensor using precomputed kernel.
Replacement for str. unicode and str. repr
Try to find a previous version of a given addon
Get current middleware level.
Does a DMP tranformion on ground.
dimitem num = 1
Parse hosts string.
osx - nsurl to local file
Find the HG tag associated with a file.
Find missing whitespace after import keyword.
Get the tiers for a given device
a signal handler
Map a function over a set of elements.
( num ) )
Flag the current thread as being a dirty transaction.
Edit profile of user
Recursively glob pattern files matching the provided pattern
Format plugin info table.
Orders the json data for the server selected by srv [ num ]
Convert blockdevice id to dataset id.
Get instance type by flavor id.
Get n - grams from a sent iterator.
Load numba inline lib.
Test that the current working directory matches a list of absolute paths
Validate the number of values in a list
two step backpropagation helper function.
Get a list of scene exceptions for a given season.
Retain vertical spacing before comments.
Test line profile dynamic.
Check if a topic matches a subscription.
Regression test for neighbourhood cleaning
Check if the user is authenticated and if the anonymous user name is specified
Return information about the sunos CPUs
Set cookies never for all URLs.
) cut ( )
function to normalize the distance between two points
Return a list of module names.
counts the number of small integers in an array
Strip accents from a string
Set the OpenGL configuration
) or None
Try to call the artifact cache to use cached files.
_errors )
- a
Check if the system has python version
) set default config
Shift divisions columns if needed.
Compute the binary log loss.
Flag a dict as modified
get a calendar
Generate random alphanumeric string.
Open a resource from the resource directory.
Add infill boundary to boundaries list
Remove a previously registered output handler.
Unload a module by name
Validate pack name.
SVG processing function
Load a class by name.
GS decorrelation op.
Remove algorithms that are not used in makefile
Import the given extern key and return its der value.
vispy )
Build select field from tool panel sections
Given a HTML page add IDs and descriptify
Get user permission codename.
List all documents.
Find files in a metadata dictionary.
Send a receipt email for a given contribution
Vertical Euclidean distance matrix to vector
job logs. make links ( str )
True if cls has inherited table False otherwise
Set an option to a value.
, None )
remove a vfstab
Check if a file is a fifo.
Patch pytest settings to enable email subscriptions and bcrypt logs
Add slashes to string.
List the IPv6 interfaces on the minion
Compute the PCAO scores for a list of text lines
Writes str to netcat and waits for str to be written
Compute up between two pandas tables
Handle registration form.
Test laplacian with masking.
Get a sample of color preferences and map data from the command line
Send a request with logging.
Validate a device list
Create a delim preview form.
. ascii )
Build qsub command
Render genshi data with saltenv sls and method
Order a list in ascending order.
bzr - copy a remote bazaar target
( page ) )
Downloads and saves promo imgs.
Copy file to the system clipboard.
print ( )
Create a text file with the given name and contents.
Load an XML file with macro expansion.
Check the minimum number of healthy instances.
Prohibit output by checking all tables.
remove specified user from password file
Tabular window stubs.
Substract a number by evaluating it at the given precision
Convert file size to human readable file size
Create a new object in the cluster
Generator yielding lines from a string or a list of strings
Parse the driverdisk line
( tag )
) put a secret
Make a new reference entity from a reference
Strip listing that is not done.
Get fabmetheus path for a given python file
) should exist.
Add one or more values to the logarithm.
Download result from providers.
) Get index of videos from database
Parse a URL and return ( path saltenv )
Ignore admins who are not a group admin
Split a commandline into path cmd and arguments.
Run a test suite in the current directory.
Generate a diff report from a diff dict
a + b )
, 'edit'
Resizes a URL using the proxy and replaces URL parameters with real values.
Convert a row into a dictionary.
Load a custom language file and install it into the current env.
Returns True if the field is present in the item
Set a figure as the active figure
Raise an HTTP error to the given location.
Get install paths for the given scheme.
Add the TCP sensor to the list of devices
Try to find a language in a language dictionary.
Fixture for qt5. qt network name integration
Yield collectors that have been spawned in the last num seconds.
Get quoted strings from given string
Fetch an entry from the journal table.
Update the current context
Get size of an item of arbitrary type
Get a list of points from a table of segments
Returns a redirect object for the given URL.
Processes the data sent to the flowgram runtime.
Delete an image tag
Return today s year as a string.
Get the latest trace ID for a process.
). lower ( )
is a )
Get user info from cookie
Browse for a file or folder
Returns set of nodes reachable from source.
Check the movorder function
Replace file with agent process.
Get the jump point to the given edge if it is inside the perimeter of the inset
filter out proposals that are too close to a given crowd threshold
Get a value from the table.
Prepare the earth position and heliocentric coordinates using posvel.
Parse a file and yield snippets.
Unmap an array from NumPy arrays.
Check if an IP address is a private one
install a new code package
Convert a hex color to a tuple
Get the eol chars from the os name
Format datetime to RFC3339 format.
Create a new credentials with the given scopes.
Create a cow image with qemu - img
incron a user
Mail the reply to review request.
Parse an interval from a string.
Recursively convert a jobsub design to an oozie action
yield app. name
Load overrides from a JSON file.
Return True if gcc is in llvm False otherwise.
get openshift version
Detect dbf file type
Convert a cursor to a MongoDB projection.
Requotes a URI by removing unreserved characters.
Invert one bit of data
return t
Require invoke to run at least the given version.
Create environment variables for java app.
Get all user role assignments.
Generate a set of keys.
Sample a half - filled RUS dataset.
Returns a boolean array that indicates if a section has problems
Extract line at index from text
Create SAML provider
Drop a frappe site.
Log out of your account
restore app status
Damerau levenshtein edit distance
Return a list of queues
glob based on dirname and basename
Get all feeds for a given campaign feed
Render the config template with the given parameters.
not yet implemented
Generate a demo of udhr.
List the commits in a repository.
Import a file.
Clear the keystring on the qtbot and check it again.
Add all intersections to a list
Get instance data for raw and evoked data
Returns a colormap by name.
Get least cost functions.
Safely reshape an array to a new shape.
Get the name of the pytest worker pool to use
Process text args
Convert a long integer to a raw string.
Convert a reference to an object.
or resource in resources
wrapper around sys. exc_info to warn on exception
Get and delete messages from the request.
Run OpenSSL with the given arguments.
encode ascii data into a quote
Return tuple of app template directories.
Show ipsec site connection
Draw the interactive figure.
Check if a vlan interface exists on the virtual machine
Assert max similarity of two submissions
Replaces target in string with replacement in a case - insensitive manner.
Optimizer for gpu gemm.
Verify repository on KBFS
Delete the collection summary
to a string
User search.
unset a job in chat
Short - cut function with sigmoid.
Find missing numbers in a list
List all available nodes on the minion
window analyzes the given gcode
( fieldname )
Generic is operator
Divide by a constant or a constant
json. JSON )
Interact with two connections in memory.
Returns the full spec including name and email address.
Configure auto - capture screenshots after each test.
Link nodes factory
new )
( list ))
Intersection of all graphs.
Load a config file.
% s )
Execute a pillar command and return the result
Get key for the guestbook.
get all questions for a series and build questionnaire
Send an event to a set of users.
Renders a template from the given dictionary into a string.
match a key in a dict return the value if it exists else return default
True if value is aware of timezone.
Removes a node from the augeas tree
Convert an array to a NDArray.
Benchmark isotonic regression.
Create a new document
Run pip in the command line
Create a model from a YAML configuration file.
Format a query parameter.
Redirect to a given url.
( html )
Get the name of the current user
( str ) ( str )
Get the current cpu arch
Get the current session data
Get the ctypes library for the given name
( y )
Mock stdout or stderr
) Add orbits if large.
Main function for serial communication.
count of image members
get a service by host and binary
Unquote a string.
Parse and simplify a BEL query.
Get node version from nvp cluster
Get the text of the current advertisement
Return whether this node is a virtual node
Validate config against jsonschema
Find sr by vbd ref
print the number of parameters for each column
Return a customizable version of a network.
Execute a shell command if target is outdated.
Get user info from knowledge base
Get version from init file
Ignore comments and remove empty lines.
Create a new figure manager and return it
Connect to all the gateways
List all storage accounts
Configure logging.
test op implicit inheritance
or str )
Get component review by id
Convert an OS complemented public key to a long.
List all states on the master
. add skip )
\ Convert a string into a boolean.
Test the median of a set of points
Return the path to the server dir
Virtual machine name
Remove unwanted RPCs from the traceback.
Generate a list of tables from the output lines
Unregister all models
Creates a module from a python string and executes it
Debug message if settings is set
) expr : variable
get next url for login page
. items ( ) )
Find script by name.
Generate prime and d for given nbits
Returns the previous version tag.
Pack a type or unicode string into a struct.
Return a list of services that are disabled
( d ) )
Add rospack path to sys. path
Compute anomaly score from two or more active and predicted columns.
) Run a module
Get filter from filter name or class
Convert datetime to time.
Sync returners from the master
Generate a slug for a string.
get a pixmap
find version number in a file
Run pip in a working directory
Verify the service type.
t :
Submit a pyspark job.
( )
create a history. py file for testing
Delete one or more artifacts from the datastore
Creates an entrance exam for a course.
Fetches the requirements from the specified requirements file.
Convert a store to a translated filestore.
Creates a lease strategy based on the given function draw.
Modify the display name of the robot.
. sk )
Output the graph in LaTeX.
short to rgb
Returns the number of open file descriptors for current process
Convert a resource to a topic
Save the answers to the database
Test that math subclasses are equal
Imports the module at the given import path.
Class decorator for registering nd options.
Create all territories in the database
Show details of an application.
( str )
Chi - 2p distribution
Override a setuptools requirement with a custom version.
Calculate a histogram of the counts for the given metric
Find the part of the albumartist that is most similar to the given artist.
Check minimum NumPy version
Generates an image from a source file.
replace column via setitem
Save an object to an HDF5 file.
Get the local IP of the machine
Assert datetimes are equal with a given allowance.
Configure the APCup platform.
Generate a HTTP cookie.
Get the payload from a MiniZMQ message
Return nodes that are subclasses of superclass.
Writes output from Carve.
Escapes a string so that it matches the regular expression x
Centers the data and scales it.
commit item
Convert boto exception to boto exception.
Run pip in outdated mode.
( value ) )
Return a generator yielding committees in the given td.
Delete a resource from AWS.
Invert a mapping.
build a site from a json file
Load tests from heat plugin directory
Return the manipulated geometry for a given node.
Return datetime object from timestamp.
Create a hash with name and data.
Writes a JSON object to a file.
Quote a string for use in LIKE operator
Create a new git repository from a local disk.
Installation procedure.
Merge missing metrics with sql and druid
Add a new migration message prefix.
Compare two y values
Read and parse binary p2g files.
Return path to git repository.
( pid )
Create a dummy egg folder and install it
Check if jsonp function is valid.
Returns the severity of a check.
Checks if activetcl or teapot is installed for given tcl root.
Format all JSON files in filenames
Resumes a previously paused connection.
Get team and canonicalize it if it exists.
Persist the current clipboard content
) * a
Return the next frame of the libvlc stream.
Reindex question answers after question save.
Create a descriptor from a protocol buffer.
Remove all constant expressions from an expression.
Returns a list of all languages available in this handler.
Get permission resolver for given resource type.
Is the employee a holiday
Get simplified version of path.
Exclude entry based on configuration
Dig for a host.
Requests plugin.
Convert a stream of bits into a byte stream.
Reduce a residue in a list of residues
Join a list of SQL items into a single string
Get list of blogs from current user
Hash a password with given parameters.
Check registration code if valid or not.
Ensure that the section desc is a string
Constraint that constrains a sphere
Check if entry is defined in spec or not.
dtype. kind )
Deletes the given mountpoint or device and all of its children.
) Returns a list of plugin names
Format a string into a sequence of structs.
Sets up shed tools.
Marks the given tenant as absent.
Compute the summary of a collection
Compare a screenshot with another.
Project pifacc opts
Shuffle an arbitrary number of arrays
Loads an image file and returns the raw and scaled versions of the image.
find address by ip or device id
Add a code cell to the work notebook.
Create a version for the given item.
multi link example
Generate a file from a template.
Parses a Link header value and returns a list of links.
Verifies the signature of a message.
Return the name of the init file
Return the virtual name if it is virtual
Read CTC file.
) or None
Apply an RGB YUV design matrix.
Performs eigenvector correction on the eigenvectors
Connect to a remote SSH service.
Create a module and its parents from a name.
Parse patterns and ignore patterns from a spec.
Start a container if it is not already running
Eject a function from a dmp.
Make a mimi hash from a seed
Read count number of doubles from file obj.
Encrypt a message.
( file )
Shuffle songs.
Default slug validator.
Decorator to indicate that a function is a lower version of the library
Create a tuple with a degree and an hour angle
Returns list of keys matching a pattern
signal handler for post edit
Return the sum dtype of a numpy array.
Send a message to a project
Update the namespace of an xml element
) - >
Dump data to a hex string
Call an API call repeatedly and return the response.
Returns a salted HMAC
Unfreezes a frozen variable.
Add a user to a forum and add a moderator to it
in entry. tags
Stop the web server.
Create a new EC2 volume
mood ( sentence ) = > mood indicator
Create membership with invalid email and role
Get last updated date of the object
Create a sink object for given resource.
List all configured IPsecPolicies
Try to import a package and return an error if it fails.
Get ssh interface for this VM
Sample foreground and background rois for each str in roidb
Return the codec used to encode text.
filelineno of current interpreter state
Return information about glusterfs volume
Get modulo function from callback
Find the major values.
Set the index of a DataFrame to a series or DataFrame.
Delete a URL.
Remove element from pixel list from a point in a pixel dictionary
slice out coefficients in a polynomial slice
Render an icon.
return None
Set up the locking mechanisms.
( )
Evaluate code in variables
Get platform dist
Clear the max buffer size of the connection.
( obj )
Create a new image
Given a list of code models queue them up to a maximum number of cycles.
( path )
Check if a file exists at a given path
Show the details from a service.
Execute the compound calls stored in a single pillar
Swap axes axis1 and axis2 in a tensor.
Set the carrier of the current thread
Get crafted text from gcode text.
JSON pretty print a dict
Builds a docutils header.
or [ ]
Compile expression and test whether it passes all the allowed opcodes
Feature with a list of bytes.
Processes the header of the table.
Render XML template and generate HTTP response.
Create a SQS queue if it does not exist.
Decode predictions into a list of lists.
Run a task with a random parameter.
Split a branchfile
Compare two strings
Start a named service on the minion
get all messages from all js files
Add a port to bridge
Extract the given filename into a temporary directory and then clean up.
Parse a keyset from an input line
Linear Regression Model.
Copy os. stat from src to dst
Return the next URL to redirect to if not safe.
( text )
Parse a raw server string.
Get a list of issues for a project.
Update the samples in the autotest directory.
Test the template for invalid values
Return an antonym of the given text.
Validate the config against the required attrs
Least common multiple of a function.
database = database
Export all states of an exploration to YAML
Run a git command
Sign a certificate with CA private key.
Check if a connection is dropped.
Test subsets of data using cross validation
Update user profile picture data url
Return specialized types of type.
Simplify a match.
) is pointer
Check if include file exists
Run code in the context of the run globals and init globals.
) return redirect
Format timestamp according to RFC 6265.
Store ticket in state file.
Generate a valid slug from a source slug.
Returns a list of mirror urls given a mirror hostname.
Calculate the acf statistic for an arma basis function
Create a new link and insert it into the queue.
Test clustering of clustered samples in parallel via ttest.
Check whether keyring is present
Base64 encode a string
Unzip the parameters from an ordered dict and return a new dict.
print the tenant network list
Get the csr extensions from a CSR object.
Get label from uuid.
conesearch. timer ( num )
Returns the url for the given view and locale
Get the last HTTP request for the current thread
Test filter for prewitt h function with a horizontal shift.
Install the wxPython app
) Load a comparable
Mail admins.
SVG element processor.
Test source space from label function
Get email preferences for multiple users.
Get the amount of memory the system will use.
) get secret instance
Publish an asynchronous operation to the background.
Create a new image
Get all events for the given request.
dirty = True
Updates client access and squash for export
Numpy version of isinf
Calculate the MTFT of a matrix.
Add a helpful vote for this document.
Get file in given directory.
Concatenate a set of complex Fourier coefficients
Updates forum role membership for student
Get directory size
Append a text node to a parent node.
Test drange function with microseconds argument
convert unicode to html
Get models to patch.
Yield tuples of tmux config files.
Delete local route.
get interpret plugin module
Update the subject interests of a user
Check if an element is focused or not
Generate a secret key.
Timezone aware test.
. path )
List all pids in the system.
Remove intersections from loop if loop length is less than num.
Generate a random image name
( x )
( file )
install node prereqs
= t )
Set a value in a nested structure
Return python path.
Provide a password change request.
Generate python path for a package.
Return the name of the computer you are running on
Return unique items in a sequence.
Set contact location and services for the agent
Reads an ed25519 signature from a file.
Call the remote apiproxy server.
Computes measures for a single value of a network.
Merge sort.
) is object
Pooling with anon variable
. text
cd outside a bar
Returns a list of credit provider display names for the given course key.
Follow a user by name
Retrieve a file from Mollie.
Construct algebraic polynomials from a list of coefficients
Raise a high number to a given power.
Lookup an exchange by name.
Return whether the minion is a virtual machine
Make sure that censure does not raise a value error for a range
. local
Strip leading and trailing whitespace from a string
Delete a message.
Get local network interface IP.
Get the disk backing file for an image
Change the gid of a named group
Get version from version file
Return True if the Raylet runtime table is available.
Notify about usage of an instance
Remove root path from paths.
Wraps a given text to a given width.
Rename documents in a CSV file.
( choices ) )
or None )
Reduction from 2 d to 1 d.
View for a failure page
Poll process for its exit code.
( str ) ( str )
Compare two floats and raise an error if they are not within tol
Parse a votable as a single table.
Review request actions.
Return the uri prefix for http or https
Enable a module.
Determine if polygon a is full of polygon b
Get crafted text from gcode text.
print t
Convert a string to a bool.
Test that a class should be absorbed.
Run bokeh module from commandline.
Check if a class is abstract
) + '/'
Check if given file object is readable.
user in group )
Submit a calculate may enroll csv task.
Check the link destinations of a book container.
convert mnc to mvsk.
Return the version of the installed package.
Run a command and return stdout.
Get a list of manipulated paths
Create axes for the second part of the figure
Calculate the cone of the individual.
Test the neighbourhood cleaning rule with only a single class
Check that unit names match unit names.
Disable requests. session for a context manager.
Returns the value of val between low and high.
Hash a file and return its hexdigest.
make new response
Get the external IP address
Assign a resource to a resource.
Return a listening socket.
( str ) )
theme )
Max reduction op.
Check if we are in qtconsole
Return list of services that are not enabled on the current runlevel
Return a set of uri schemes supported.
Get documentation and add it to the buffer
Generate a panel with all panels inherited from pillar
Return a sqlite3 db instance
Updates the options of a DynamoDB table.
Get display time zone for given timezone name.
Expand a power pair.
Load MIME types from multiple files.
Port tests for multiple values of the schema
Set the task time limit.
of the line
Associate with a floating IP address.
Render a dashboard column.
Delete a queue in the region
Return True if entry is a valid fingerprint.
Insert a tab at a given index
Compute the logarithm of x in base 2.
Greedily wrap a string to the specified number of lines.
Match all prefixes of string against trie.
Send worker control command to VWA
Raises an AssertionError if lst contains item1 before item2
Test the sensor value from the code
Get a string with the given number rounded to the given places.
Poll snapshot status until it matches the given status.
read a string from a matrix given two strings
( values )
Move all the block level tags inside the element and delete the tag
Generate and print a JULIA expression with the given settings.
. ordered
. read ( )
Create update or delete a resource.
Blend an image onto a canvas
Parse a RFC 2822 compliant date string.
Get all available regions
Remove duplicate word from lines.
Register a schema.
print a summary of the testcase results
Format a string with HTML entities.
Extract the tomcat version from a string.
Parse a dictionary of tests to a list of tests
new )
Return a random n - bit integer.
Uploads the project to Github
Alloca un valor de type once
Check if data is numpy scalar.
Creates a new resource using the default controller.
) return host
Return the name of the backing file of a volume.
). next
get power types from fence files
Reload the current module
Login to Google Voice
Default permission denied handler.
Check if a name is present on the minion
vprinterr prints an error message.
ht trendmode filter
Parse input spec and extract shape.
Get the library with the given name
Retrieve the runtime directory path
. all
Run tests with given requirements
Show a vocabulary.
List all inactive virtual machine instances
or None )
Parse comma separated tokens.
Retain the given media list.
Remove excess pyc files in a given path
Return the URL for a static file
Serves CSS files from S3
Check if align percent field exists.
Cleans up files attached to this file instance
bytes ( )
Check if there is an upgrade available for a package.
Normalize a URL.
Initialize parameters based on given options.
Generate a permutation matrix for pairwise combinations of qubits
Compare two distance functions.
Convert a hexadecimal value into a colon delimited string
Select selected scenarios by cmdline
Generates the section for a managed cluster.
Convert time in seconds to a human readable time
Fetch streams from plugin and retry if necessary
float range test with exception
Get all arounds from a given loop
Validate response and raise exception if not valid.
Project vector v onto vector w.
complete by list of rules
Compute the summary of an exploration
Unvouch a user.
Initialize webengine with arguments.
Get object from identity map.
Show warning message.
= english )
Find minimum in a set of paths
multiprocessing manager.
Check if any of the bases alphabets are compatible
Checks if a role exists.
Configure the platform
Delete a model or list of models from the datastore asynchronously.
Execute a frappe job retrying on error.
Sanitize a default URL string.
Calculate the duration in seconds for a given sample rate.
Get the dtype of the given interface object.
Parse spec text.
] Find qualified targets in qualified list
Normalize HTML.
Get the app id from the remote url
Create a tablib dataset.
Delete a zone
Get a scatter property from a proto.
Unregister a mimetype handler
Logs out the user.
Reduce the data to a SQL string.
Check if file name is empty or cancelled
Enter a standby auto scaling group
Returns a string containing the IPv6 addresses of the host
Return stylesheet reference from settings or relative path.
Call a bgps API method.
Check environment variable and print if not found.
Return a result list with MMPTT format.
. full ( )
Assert all instances in the list are instances of the class
Return a GUID for a pool
) reload
] Strip prefix
Rename a file or a directory.
( ) Deprecated
Start a salt cloud VM.
Test the source spaces for a given volume
( set )
Render a template to a string or to a KML document
Add positives and negatives for a set of paths given the derivation.
Install a package if not already installed
( str )
Scales a scaled matrix.
( )
. oneline )
feature - > scenario described at filename scenario line - > described at filename
datetime to log string
division of two polynomials
Hashes the contents of a file
Yield successive n - sized chunks from seq.
Compute all the components of f that are derived from x
_in_seconds
Check that two poles are close to each other.
Delete a topic rule.
Shortcut to launch software switch
Test for default parameters.
Recursively copy a directory and all its contents.
Replaces symbols in a string with their XML counterparts.
Build a web page.
Converts bytestring to lowercase.
Prints the given string in the currently active terminal.
( statement, )
Verify an oauth request
sampler to sample num words of a text file from a dictionary
Get hrm vars from the current session
Ensure the named role does not exist
channels in string
Upload a template to remote
UPLINK BUSY Section 9. 2. 17
Convert xml special characters to html entities.
get the query for a specific item
DEPRECATED - use link instead.
Commit files.
( type ) )
Extract spider list from crawl data
Split url urlsplit and return path and query
Finds and loads a namespace handler for the given package name.
Context manager that enters multiple managers and runs them in sequence until all managers exit.
msecs )
Get description speed.
Link to a package and check it created.
Returns the network adapter type.
_tests )
Get auth profile class from settings
) return diagnostics
condense semicolons in css
HMAC - SHA256 digest
Get namespace by namespace ID
collate ( expression collation )
Search a regular expression in a string and return the first match
Return True if the plugin is enabled.
Convert a timedelta to a float seconds.
Read a decimal number from a file - like object.
Recursively remove files and directories matching any glob patterns.
% indexname )
len ( data )
: return nodes
Extend node with all children of extend node
Show all pages in a jinja2 test.
Extract the specified element from its parent.
Check if a fresh login has been requested and refresh the token
Check if address is a valid ip address
Parse the kinds and sizes.
Get attributes from an object
Copies a stored file to a new destination path.
Load default font
Parse format method string.
Get a certificate signed by the given ca name
Extract crawl args from message dict.
Annotate a string using utf32 indexes
Get geometry output by connection start and end
Get the value of a hash field
, '/' )
) print
) inst ( )
max absolute value of a matrix
Connect to the nvr server and add the devices.
Shows the current version of Sopel.
Return the num th filename from a list
Process a bitmap file
Parallel test for threading tasks.
convert dictionary to transformed paths
) binops
cast a object to a target class
( img )
Check if password is valid
create a triple instance
Find the bridges using xenapi
) Draw the spectral image
Pairwise HMM with gap extend gap open and transversion matrix
trainset, testset
Prompt the user for a number of options
Default error handler
Get the position of a media instance.
Pretty print a dictionary.
) : return skip
Parse autopart rules.
Get the list of reverifications for each status.
Render the site page.
Returns the full path to the virtualenv.
Add enabled flag to rate limit objects.
Convert a numpy array into a theano constant tt. Constant
Allow a user to enter a password.
( testdir ) : return num
Get crafted text from given text file.
test distance function with allow negative parameter
Alter a retention policy for a database.
output to stdout
Property decorator for dict properties.
Get a file from S3 and delete it.
Get type descriptor for an atype.
Ansible integration environment.
get sentinel ips for a slave name
Return a tuple of whether or not the given list of repository dependencies is a dependency of the current
Iterate over fields.
Remount the adb device
Send a notification via notify uri v2
returns the skewed version of a
end = '' )
. tupletarget ( )
Unqote a string.
Archive sources into a package.
Order line prettify
Get all groups for the given project.
True if string is a canonical int
List all available hosts for the current user
] [ 0 ]
Get match sort key.
Transform value to unicode.
Provide cors features for a given frequency
value error ( str
) [ saved ]
Create the database
Return the number of CPU cores running on this machine
Get the current revision number from the describe output.
. strip ( )
Read a group of items as a list of lists.
Create a patch viewer for the dataset.
Concatenate multiple values from a list of models.
Run the event loop.
Colorize text with terminal color syntax.
Get package name from filepath.
Join HTML segments.
Add models to syncing models
Return package information for a given python module.
Sort nodes by namespace uri and local name.
Trains the model using the given minimizer.
Called when the window resizes
Check if a path exists
Calculate common variables for different flavors.
Find all snippet files for a given file type
Calculate current likelies and consensus for the given items.
] return ids
Get node annotation.
Get snapshot data from Elasticsearch.
( ) )
Write a string table to an XML file.
Raise a vo exception
Decorate dispatch calls with user name result.
Shows and displays an error message.
in config. ignore
Load a single glyph from the font file.
Bound the month and year fields.
Get drivers modules.
Inverse op.
Shift n to the nearest multiple of b.
Return a rotation matrix.
Check if an upgrade is available.
get commit message for suggestion
EmailTask. execute
Allow function to be public.
Get fields from a resource.
Return the rotation matrix between two 3D rotation matrices.
Test get and set param vector
. keys ( )
Get the grains from the pillar
Prepare value for lookup.
read a normal table from ascii. rst with an exclude list
Convert a matrix to a string.
AJAX GET handler for agents
Detect executable paths in a list of Windows Registry files.
Create or update properties for an image.
Get gl entries by account
Get messages from a report.
quote a string for use in a URL
os2 init os
Convert datetime. date or str to string
Find migration repository.
Process a list of rules for a single match rule.
Injector for coverage command.
Convert an IPv6 address from textual form into binary form.
Returns the number of lines and width of the terminal
Convert a dense tensor or tensor variable to a sparse matrix
Check if a local file exists and cache it if it is not cached.
Returns the url to remove the question tag.
Inject functions in pyopengl namespace.
Get the URL of a remote repository.
Check if a pixel is collision with another pixel
Extract error message from a page.
Set the proxy to use for HTTPS.
Return True if name is in conf exclude list
Get the title of a media instance.
Start monitoring a file.
Check if the server is alive
Get the list of servers to bypass
Parse date string according to onblog date format.
create a unique id for an entry
Get a phylogenetic metric by name.
config google home listens forever
decode base64 string to unicode string
Generate a random salt
Format a stat response.
create AES cipher optionally using libAES or AESNI
add xml files
Split an iterable into n - sized chunks
Get environment variable for given segment.
( ) )
Get the current job from the stack
Remove a directory if it is empty.
Check if a user has visible votes.
Find all the scopes for all the given services. If a service name is specified all scopes for
Insertion unsort function
Remove leading lines from a list of lines
Check if the installed Bower version is greater than or equal to the passed version.
or item. name
Generate a random password.
Get crafted text from gcode code.
Parse an xml manifest and return a manifest.
Convert plaintext text to html
Whether port acknowledges a connection request.
Return the filesize formatted as a string.
Add qute settings page
Horizontally stack a sequence of arrays.
Initialize readline vars
Resize an image.
Check if action is required.
Submit a draft for review
Sends a decision email to the user.
Create a language rebulk object.
Copy query options to protocol buffer.
Return the angle and axis for a rotation matrix.
Return auth user s3 representation
Split quoted string
loop a SRP packet
Update dict to with dict from without raising KeyError.
Create a new user.
Load images specified in img names
Generate a string with the given number of spaces
Creates a new recurring job.
). all (
Create a volume type with the given extra specs.
Find all tests in the given test directory.
Add a number of time units to a given time.
Initialize the logging system and return the handler.
Get all pairs of contrast matrix
Find the root device name from a set of device properties.
filt filter with lfilter scipy. signal. zi
vocab ( )
Mixin test for read evokeds with pick channels with optional projection
Build xml element for plugin ownership.
Find the smallest complex point in a set of points.
Database initialization.
Get volume type associations for a given qos specs.
Convert a protobuf timestamp to a datetime object.
Cache an AWS resource name in the local context.
Create a tar file of the geonode distribution
Set the logger class to use.
minimum index of a dataset
Computes the Fractal matrix for a number n
Get BeautifulSoup object from URL.
reciprocal DMP differ.
Send notifications for a new project
Computes the kernel function between two data sets
Create a link to the volume at backup path
Show a specific job.
Get zone by name
Remove files from potential that are not matched by matches.
Open a file or a resource.
xlsx2py command line interface
Create pairtree marker file in given folder.
PRIME algorithm for finding minimum cost path in a directed graph
A WSGI application factory.
Change stdout and stderr to a file.
constrain filter with max norm
Read a delimited text file and assert its contents are the same.
Download and parse readme files for display.
read cronconfig from file
Return the list of gated content for the given course
) Create certificate issuer
Check if user has permission for group or org
yaml file test
Process escapes in text.
Parse a rarefaction file name string.
Prints information about a virtual machine.
Parse range header.
Return file and module name.
Create a new version for an upload.
Return a list of available modules
Compute the compression rate based on the size of the file.
Add plugin translations to translations folder.
Get the type of a test result.
Validates URL against protocols.
Uninstall packages that are not installed.
Get Numba type for the given datashape.
Prints the bokehjs console.
Return datetime object from uuid1 string.
Create DHCP.
Return a list of tuples containing the name and value for each variable in the source file.
= np. ndarray
node )
Lookup candidates for the given task.
Update page languages before title is deleted.
Return the value of a parameter or default if it does not exist
= mpstate
Add two dictionaries.
idzr op.
from get_models ( ) )
Return the type of the vda image
List all the nodes in aws EC2
returns True if device exists False otherwise
Activates markers on the scene.
Prompt the user for a password with the given prompt.
Separate a delimited list.
Get all test cases from a given module
- > devices
R6 test.
( ) )
Called when an error occurs while removing a path.
. app
return depset
Return the version of the TR DWE.
Open a connection to the database.
Get documentation from a command line
Return a descending key for use in sorting.
Check if file is a tty.
Convert RGB array to RGBA array
Return True if the object has a duplicate txn id.
Agent checks the local agent
helper function to add a new ide controller
Generates a blob of the given image
memory for profiling purpose
unicoder - Returns unicode if p is unicode else converts p to unicode
Return a date from a string.
Returns the id with the longest sequence length.
value error raise instance
Add endpoints from a segment.
Simplifies a parser with a tree
Return a version tuple from a string.
Change ownership of a file or directory.
Return the cloud config for a given vm
Check help text for problems.
( request ) )
Return the commit offset from a version
Return True if hostname is valid.
Get current playback time of media player.
Get simple version from string
Converts an IPv4 address in hexadecimal notation to an IPv6 address.
Run a WSGI application.
Open a TCP connection to a remote machine.
Return the complex conjugate of a float
Counter swapping two dictionaries
Lowess bisquare op.
Split a host name to host and port.
Generate a template node.
Read end of archive64 and return as dict.
Generator to raise comma in Python 3. 5.
Compute mne location from coil location.
Return a list of locale dirs
Get linux adapter name and ip address.
Redirect to the default S3 server.
Returns a minified version of the javascript string
Remove a security group from a server
Node item tooltip helper.
Render a bad request template.
Validate xml file against xsd filename.
Calls core. scenario description and asserts that file and line are equal
Compute the coverage of the 2D cross - covariance estimate
Send email notifications
Prints out basic information about the class and its children.
Logs a message to the root logger.
Change user status.
Deconstruct timestamp from asset id.
Create a virtual machine.
Send email to user if user is subscribed to site.
List all service certificates
Escape a string for use in LIKE clauses.
Returns the sorted value of a dict in reverse.
normalize a float to a number of decimal places
Implements the googl snippet.
Remove a compiled app from the app path
Return a short description of the file.
List of transactions.
Get or set the backup mode.
Return global logger or create one if none exists.
Return a URL for the given view name.
Primitive in x0 func field
Monkey patch threads.
Check if the current system supports Avx.
Like yank but yanks the nth argument.
Unescape str in string s.
Try to get language code from a file path.
Get all around points from multiple paths
Clean up old images in the tmp path
Get a supported language variant.
convert list to ast. tuple
Parts a channel by some text.
Creates all unit test cases and adds them to the test suite.
Run script if it exists.
Get Python code via HTTP
Write a nested list of message descriptors to out.
Unlink an identity from the store.
Change file or directory permissions.
Make fn readable.
Validate a commit message.
Check whether the distribution is in the user site
Wait for a volume to be of a certain type.
A decorator to make a class compatible with Python 2 unicode.
Transpose a vectorized array
Convert a string to a color.
Timesince filter for django. utils. timesince.
Return the value for str family
Serialize Python object to JSON.
Get all instance uuids by host
delete a document if it exists
list all apps.
Get a RFx object from a binary packet id
Parse a list of sentences.
( 0 ) )
jenkins info response converter
( filename ) )
Detect whether CSV is in a given stream.
Add gradients summary.
Parse authentication credentials.
Similar to DEBUG but at notice level.
Int validator.
Output a string to the web output stream
for site in languages
Convert the given value into a JS object.
Return a list of strings from a string.
RDPCAP reader.
Drop missing values
Scan the journal for items that match the given configuration.
Block a screen
Test the decision tree resampling algorithm
List virtual interfaces
Edit and save buffer in editor.
Get a group by id.
Convert uidb36 to uidb64.
Send Daily Ratings emails to reviewers who rated this app.
Enable a service.
Add a protoc plugin to the blade config.
Test grouped copy of a table
plain breadth first search on a graph g.
Convert hostname to a NodeName object.
POST query to KnowledgeBase
Find a file or directory.
Find element by css and wait until found.
Get available languages for a given string.
Password reset template done method
Find a line in the library if it exists.
Generator for iterating over the results of a function in reverse order
Performs a grid search using gridsearch.
Fail if first is not equal to second.
Draw a shape from a pen
Concatenates tensors along an axis.
Set font settings for option in conf file
Get faults by instance uuids
Return a list of tuples to build a breadcrumb navigation
Validate a bug tracker URL.
Call a popen command and wait until it finishes.
Provides zendesk custom field context
Rebuild code from marshalled bytecode
Get the index of the const and the effects
Get a file descriptor or server for a config.
Merge hosts into a list of hosts.
( CODESTRING )
num = 3
Click a web element.
Get xunit function from object
( path )
Read asides from a source and store in a dict.
Resume a paused instance
Truncate html string by specified number of words.
Return a dictionary of processes and their associated pillars
not in func )
Check if fs dir uri is a valid uri.
Set response. view to use a form tooltip
Get the numpy dtype for a given dtype.
update incompatible versions when a new addon is added
Get the gecos password for a user
Get paths from indexes.
Check that none is in filename.
Build a list of file paths from a directory tree.
get driver by name
Return a name for the given func.
lru cache object
Get the lease information for a VM.
Sets the attribute dictionary on the xml element based on the argument names.
Get minibatch indices for a given n.
Walk through all the modules in the current directory and assert that they do not contain tabs.
Load an object from a dotted path.
Expand dimensions along a given axis
Tests two tensors for the equality of tensors
Convert a list of issues to a dictionary.
Get the filesystem encoding.
Show signed log entries
Returns a list of all the available serial ports on the machine
Get interface MAC address.
Multiply the right hand side of the equation
Generate a datafile.
) return output
Show a progress bar for items in iterator.
Reshape a 2d array to a 2d array
No hooks required prior to running code
Test batch normalized mlp.
embed a album art
Execute the named shell command with the given query.
) seed the random
Get a single user.
atom element should be a string and illegal unicode
mask )
Compute sums for a group
) return output
Replace existing loggers with new ones.
Get hardware info for a list of clients.
( t )
Traverse the array and store the result in the dictionary
) step command output should not contain text
Send a list of Requests and wait for their responses.
Create a new flavor
Parse command line arguments.
array of strings lcp [ i ] = lcp [ i + 1 ] lcp [
Return the offset of the current position in the editor
polar plot of polar axis
Return a libxml2 doc from a XML response.
Setup logging module.
) or False
wraps boto. emr. emrclient. describe step with a patched cluster timeline
Get the full path to a resource in a virtualenv
( )
Remove contributor to a document.
. path + '/'
Package list.
Accepts DSON data as a string or as a file object and runs it through the YAML
( str ) )
Writes the output to a file.
Add bad filenames to repository metadata.
) return msg
Trigger a restart of the server by stopping the download if the server is running.
Use vision to extract text from given files.
Determines if a given requirement is available.
Update language in the session
= hass )
). slug
Test atomic download failure
Return the pad parameters for a curve with a given value and threshold value.
Load data from all returners
Flags a project as installed by the user
Learn the unimodal tensor.
test yaml
Get current working directory.
Add a path to the list of infill paths.
List vrrp instances.
). group
Find the format for the character at the specified index in the given text.
not None )
Return a list of categories ordered by categories.
Convert an IP address to binary form
, str )
Search for ports with fnmatch
+ '.make' )
expression binaryop
Poll for network activity for interval seconds
Get root dir of path.
Enable a job.
Create a new figure manager
Return the template for the given skin text
login with client nonce if trusted
Sum the parts of a numpy array
Merges two dictionaries by key.
Convert a timedelta to days.
Serializes a python object into JSON.
Creates a plugin class for the given identifier and template name.
Summarize the live and first thoughts thoughts.
Return a reasonable basename for a file given its path.
Return a tenant by name.
Dump the contents of a file.
Computes the gradient of a constant expression
Find the rightmost index that contains val
Decode text from base64 encoding.
Legacy piping test.
Generate addons and categories
+ keys ( )
Get manipulated paths
on_appengine
Read pillar data from a vault file
Disable password auth for the sshd instance
Load a bucket by name
Generate a random image
Test the iforest of the isolation forest
List users in a MongoDB database
). current
Get crafted text from gcode text.
Run a state or script in a different way depending on the type of kwargs.
Format frame relation type
Run the download commands given in fd.
Writes a string to a file.
Get server from servicegroup
query notes from database
Get the arguments of a function.
Print error message to stderr
Indent the given buffer from the given row to the given row count.
A JSONable response handler which returns a simple error message.
Loop through circle intersections and create loops.
) Start a block
Return the return information for a jid
] return warnings
Replace absolute links with absolute ones.
Get a color name for a value.
Add reference to file and path
Get the current runlevel from the shell
Generate indices for bagging.
Set environment variable key to value.
Return a JSON error object
True if all elements in l are exactly n
Calculate Jensen - Leibler low - passband linear approximation to a
Returns the kernel module object.
data is a column data source
Return the routing information for NetBSD
Create a init. py file for a given directory and child directory.
) == virtual
Verify that setuptools and pip can find packages after wheel
perceptron
Probability density function for Skew t distribution
Check server version.
mocked get release by id
doctest for float values
Graphviz dummy graph.
( f ) )
) or s
Sanitize a filename for use in the S3 API.
( ranges )
Pretty print a Python object.
Get absolute numbering for specific indexer
Initialize the zone interval table for a shape.
Sanitize a URL string.
) return mg
( obj )
Dirichlet log PDF for vector x with alpha
Generate a URL from mimetype and data.
a new collection summary
, [ value ]
Check if the current event is safe.
test copy file with bem without bem
Install a requirements file.
Display storage account table
Reset locale to default.
_characters )
). key
Makes sure a custom exception text is accepted
Check if a segment matches a section.
Test that statsd fails.
num in sequence )
Prints current threads info to io
Combine a list of games into a single sequence of plays.
gets a class from a dotted path
Deferred getattr that supports lazy casting
Find the credentials for a given host.
Truncate URLs in a given string.
Use array coordinates to set distances.
Get all questions for a survey.
Wrap negative indexes to the right if necessary.
Display the main page of the web interface
test whether file does not end with any of the given endings
Get a key from the config file
An argparse type representing a directory.
, enable )
Find management module for the given app name.
Check if user tags exists in database.
Test the max length on a feature name
Get roles with permission
get fans of an object
Get the set of unresolved symbols in a solidity code.
Get locale and parse its name
Test that kde for an integer input works as expected
Quote URLs with urllib. quote
Do the actual rendering of the template file
Retrieve a list of tiles given a list of names and a config object.
Get favorites for given user and content object.
Guess file from template and return io object.
sauce browser setup
Check whether pathname is a directory
Get raw pillar data
Get the rights associated with a collection.
Find the root of the resource tree.
Get geometry output from path list
Inverse permutation op.
Exponential moving average.
Clone el into a new tag with builder and attributes.
derivation
Create a server and a client connected to a realm
( )
rgb to hsl
Data handler for bot interaction
Indicate that a column of board has been changed
) Remove bench app
Task status endpoint
vc - Replaces macro slashes in string s
rc CLI interactive wrapper
Split a string by the number of quotes in the string.
Trainer.
Set the language of silvercity using htm.
Takes the AWS metadata and normalizes it into a simpler data structure.
Join segments of two tables into a single table.
Test that the fill include and exclude names are all ma. masked.
tp - > threadpool write func
Plot epochs.
List organization revisions.
convert mc to mnc
Get NZ data for a given season of the year.
Convert list of paths to native paths.
Load the cache from the database.
( data ) )
Return args as dict.
Convert from one or more input to one or more output.
Get block device mapping from a given image
Merge two reprconf dicts
Remove files with the same name from the list of names
Call libvlc s audio set format callbacks.
globs for the descendant addresses
Get server type from a JSON document
fingerprint - Generate hash functions for each sample in the channel
( x )
Make a linear operator out of any object.
, num )
tkinter pyi test
Suspend a running web server.
= imageio )
Return the URL of the signed app.
Check if a string is empty or not.
Filter a report.
Accept new connections forever.
Write the output corrected mapping data to a single file.
Read a text file from disk
Remove options from mistral config file.
Show the version of a connected device
Authorize a client using credentials.
Return a coarse utcnow.
Process urls.
Creates a cuda ndarray with a given name and dtype
Add a vpn forwarding rule to the iptables manager
Appends build parameters to a url.
( ) )
expr number : expr
gets the state of a step in a jobflow
Returns the url of a page given its slug.
Hardware events from osquery
( ) )
Check output of a command inside a directory.
save nzb file
) disassociate all ips
main function for the convert program
Get a value from a Django model instance.
Generate a signature
Returns the foreground and background colors for the given color name.
Check for vary header in response
) Get template path
Function to simulate a sine wave
Set ssl certificate key.
Temporarily set the locale.
( types ) )
Icon for arceus forms.
Compute the APK score.
Find sockfiles in search dirs.
Replacement for sys. argv. load
get ipver string from ip version
Command line interface for fabtools
Flatten a response s content.
Delete all keys from the selected database
Check if the pipe string matches the old style pipeline renderer string and return a list of tuples
Split a sentence by stem.
Return the header for a vulnerability page.
Return full path to python executable.
Reverse a multivariate polynomial.
CIFAR - 10 tower loss.
Returns a list of complete path names.
Simple proxyconnect view decorator
Create divs for the given form and fields.
Force a unicode string into a unicode object.
Ensure that git remote and edx - fetch exist.
Returns instance of type str in d
Installer for bokeh2.
Singular Value Decomposition.
Make a grid from a list of arrays.
Add two numbers in the logarithmic sense
( t )
Parse a string of comments into a list of statements.
Parse list rules.
Generate a resource name from a resource name and its name.
Create a document in a given index
Generate a slug for a value that is unique for a specific queryset.
Remove document permissions
Get output target extension from input spec
Create a tracking context for a user.
image repository. patch ( str )
Check if file is archive.
/ pip. py
True if allcap differential than num
Load all modules from a package
may certify for course
activate the environment at env path
user by id
Update a mapping object.
Prepares a cluster create request.
Format a module directive
return current filename
Get units from keyword arguments.
Parallel version of pairwise.
Shift a by b and return the shifted result.
Test that the font size can be preserved with matplotlib
True if s is a multiline string
test print monitor cv cv ( )
Do studio prompt with an action.
Convert bytes to human readable
Format currency value.
Test the classification report of an imbalanced multiclass
Remove build and installer builddirs.
Assert that tps do not have tps
construct author2doc dict
Delete a resource class
Extract a PSEA archive from a. psea file.
Fetches the database for a host entry and inserts the entry if it does not exist.
Autoencoder for sparse data
Ensure that the API key does not exist
Install from scratch
Raises an AssertionError if first is not second
Test the evaluation report.
Test for the 4033 regression
Does the function f have an irreducible effect?
get timeout value based on gross time
Fixup a string in ff4
R11 a random number generator
Get the current sim state.
Encode strings in Python 3.
Return the initial data for the given form.
Checkout a mission.
. escape )
Creates the index types for the given index.
Collect vendor model serial number and OS version information from a device
Check if the number of channels has changed
wait for a job to finish by polling
Create user and user profile and save to DB
Connect to cloud loadbalancers.
32 )
Return the fileno of f if f is an integral. Otherwise return f.
Apply constraints to the block vector v.
Send an HTTP request to a URL and return the response
Get a hosting service given its name.
Swap xapi host for url
Filters given options and outputs valid settings for the specified interface
Get proxies from environment variables.
Changes the current working directory back to its original value on exit.
log if runlevel else num
Set up the network devices using lnetatmo
Read genotype record from fermi file handle.
Start the Clearly Server program.
view to verify a file was uploaded to the server
. value. kind
( )
Return trailing blank lines.
) return
Test that the template attribute works as expected
Backtracking search for optimal transformation
Get exception for uncaught api errors.
Return a list of videos for the course
statement %prog statement
. strip ( )
Check all tasks
Extract the python and extensions from a result file.
) Single selection
Compute the reference matrix between two 3D points.
Set up the stubs.
Get variables in scope from collection.
Check indentation rules.
Convert XML to a string.
Removes filenames from fields and attributes
( str % filename ) runner
Connect to SQS.
Get all MFA devices associated with a user.
Display list of documents.
encode timestamp to sha512
Update top 10 and top 25 contributors.
[ b ]
Filter out filenames that are in the exclude list
Return the skew symmetric cross product of a matrix.
Generate the conditional formatting rules from the worksheet.
chworkphone
Returns a dictionary mapping head node type to fixer list.
set in sighandler
Redirect to the default S3 endpoint
Create a tensor column.
Check if a key is encrypted
Convert a number to the number format used by lunr
Serves a ember app folder.
validate all the config
Unregister a hosting service.
decorator for login notrequired decorator
Simple WSGI application.
Returns the course syllabus for the given section key
Return a list of files that match the search string.
] or 0
Destroy a droplet
Create link and verify that downloaded files are not created.
sina xml to url list
Create a new Python environment.
clc server entry point
Linear Regression Intercept
Center of a matrix using the mean of the columns and rows
( str )
Build a graph of hops connected to the given host.
Build criterion for ad group query
Check that the qdatastream can be opened and closed.
Check equality of two NumPy arrays.
Find a drum group device for a track or chain.
Basename of the given dev
Prepare environment for subject and subjects dir.
Reduce precision of element and its children.
render purchase form
Returns a list of commands for the specified subcommand.
Edit account.
Returns the id attribute of the given object or object
( ) ]
) return None
Convert a file object to a file descriptor.
Maximum Likelihood Estimator for Dirichlet distribution
Shortcut for opening a default application.
The CherryPy namespace handler
If the memory requirements are too high return data. Otherwise return data.
Print error message to log.
Parse a line into key value pair.
) Eager version of joinload
). seconds
Parse HTML string using given parser.
Return the virtual if it is in the salt
Run all tests in a directory.
Sets the order of instances in the group
Prepare data for filtering.
Send a Magic Packet to wake up a Minion
Factor expr with args args and sympy.
convert target db to source db
Return a redis client instance
. VPC )
Full max reduction op.
Get a list of files from a merged store.
Get remote resource limits.
Normalizes environment variable references in a string
Check for data sharing consent at login.
Initialize multiprocessing.
Test django admin media serving.
set dirty status of a thread
. id
Invalidate all edges related to this node
Get the decimal symbol for a locale
Check property value for max length
Fold all positional or keyword arguments into positional or keyword arguments.
Skip doctesting on a function
Get a writer for the given file format extension
cant compile str
Set and frozenset comparisons.
Recursively unwraps a test suite.
Bootstrap a ubuntu container
( path ) )
View a file or directory.
Return a dictionary of environment variables for pytest. fixture
Evaluate filters against a document
Search related items
Reserve VLAN ID.
Send notifications about a new translation
Get all the fields for a table
Returns whether or not GPG is a virtual GPG backend
Test precision recall and f1 score function
Returns the value of the error function for a number x.
( )
= kind )
Return the URL for the schedule entry.
Generate a key from a salt and args.
Match a keyword expression against a pytest column item.
Returns the version number as a string.
test for source estimates of a sparse graph
Register an event listener.
Execute the systemctl command and clear the context
Get geometry from polygon derivation.
consensus of a list of trees
Generate a wavelet of gauss loss.
Extrude a file or list of files.
describe a DCC packet
Apply a roberts filter with diagonal angle.
Rearrange data by column using dask
Redirect to the azure login page.
Check if unicode is in filename.
Redirect to specified endpoint or to specified endpoint.
Test inequality of mag and dex of mag
Send an email via lmtp.
Show the database schema version.
Reject a suggestion.
Checks if two blocks are equivalent.
Run a test function with a set of correlation values.
neck ( )
Get unpassable types from an argument.
Indent genbank information
Return a list of jids that match the filter
Builds a WSGI request with the given uri.
Check if a check exists.
Parse a header line into a key and a dictionary of parameters.
Format a mapdict into a string.
Check if a user has owner permission on a project
replace column via setitem
Generate a string representation of the given dimension and hierarchy.
palette256 - > image. convert
Get a collection summary by ID
Clustering feature space
Test nonexistent options in pip.
. testmod )
Boolean tests for the boolean type
Preserves whitespace in a string
Factorize a sequence of iterables.
Generate pr api url from web url
Download S3 files to local disk.
Get the width of a tile s perimeter
Parses the response to a VRF.
Remove a directory and all its contents
Returns a string representation of the time difference
+ loc + 1
Import cls from given class path string.
Return the virtual name if it is virtual
( f ) )
Migrate labels from old labels to new ones
Set the logger class to use.
Update the version number of a zip file.
Rewrites a file.
for element node
Generate a Java test file.
Get the scipy. signal. sosfilt filter
Convert a byte string to a hex string.
load a movie from a file
Returns a list of patterns to be used in urls. py
Return the index of a key in an enum
Create an array from an existing array.
Check the health of promo
Return the size of an array of arbitrary dimension
Demonstrate usage of this module
Check if a new version of pypi is available
True if all elements of seq are equal False otherwise
Allow staff or superusers access to the tag namespace.
Runs a shell command in the repo.
Return the last change time for the given name
* 100.0
Check if package has required Azure version.
Print information about plugins and their documentation.
Get the mmap from an array.
Load a runner module
Parse a mime type and return a tuple with type subtype and params.
Cleans up the filesystem backends
Apply a command to the specified device
Test event collection with orientation changes.
Return whether the minion is a virtual machine
RELEASE Section 9. 2. 13
Check to see if a policy exists.
Parse page for file paths
read and check config files
Upload a local file to GCS
Set owner permissions for the given resource.
Set the log format for the server
Give shared folder access to the specified users
Returns True if label can be imported by pypi.
Shut down threads in a thread pool
Query the given URL with the specified method and parameters
Return the amount of virtual machine cpus
Add a notification driver.
Return path relative to start.
Sets up the test databases.
Provides csv output for a facility and its groups.
= mpstate
Stubs the server for the provided service name.
. aio )
Find substring in a string
Format a list of records.
Given an event collection and start and end dates extract events from Keen.
ceil the given matrix
Update current version of cygwin
Test that the converters dict has a type error
Return whether the virtual is available or not
Add a string to the end of the string if not already there.
Get the size of the current file.
Create a default SSL context
Delete one or more Google Blobstore files.
= mpstate
Validate a user name.
Convert string type to python type.
Sets an attribute on an instance to a specified value only if val is different from the previous value
Return the image for the given server
Deploy app to git repository.
Yield successive n - sized chunks from a list
Returns a dict of default geoserver urls.
Return the version of the installed ipset
( dt ) )
Validates an email address. Raises an error if invalid.
define a handler for a specific api
Check if a vlan exists.
Get a clean copy of the current environment
Stop the app
Perform a regular expression replacement on the given value.
Load a template and verify it was loaded in the replay.
create a mock client and send data with epochs
Returns a formatted represent of the value.
Check dns name validity.
Return an iterator that iterates over the colors specified in c.
Supervised SGD Algorithm for final layer
Download a file from a URL to a local file.
% word )
Parse a directive.
Clean lock files.
Aquire a connection from the given pool and invoke a function.
get vector3 by list of floats
Determine whether a probe is within a given radius of a given dimension
'\n' )
Format a float number.
Count the number of elements in an iterable
ssh - copy ec2 keypair file on all nodes
return text, lines
Check if point is added on path intersecting path
Return the number of results for a query.
Import a CSV stream into a set.
Iterate over records in GPI - 11 format
Generator yielding all possible name fields for the given model
Partition a counts map into n buckets
List available configurations.
label search.
Run a param parser on the data dict.
Get vcpu pin set.
Edit a snippet.
update worker status
Convert a version string to a list.
Find rescue device.
or [ ]
] Remove na values
Displays whether or not the computer has a enabled state.
Show interfaces on the macOS.
Return information about a FireCloud server
( path ) )
Plot legend with scatterplots.
Set integer value to string
Create a git repository index and load the commits
Print alias.
Create a failure object from a dict.
calculate checksum of IP pseudo header
( size )
Generate go test executable.
Simplify a coefficient.
Generate a lease string for a host.
Reset the repository to a specific destination.
Loss function for contrastive classification
Get saucelabs username and key.
Create directories required for formula pillar and reactor packages.
Get self href from JSON response
Check if filename matches any of the given regular expressions.
Url replace regex in prefix with real url
Resolve a variable reference.
Do organization info
Set whether or not remote login is enabled.
Check if a password matches a user s password.
Return set of lun ids that are not used
Compressor function.
Search for a WOEID query.
Yield secret model.
] + 1
Copies a template to a destination folder.
arch. graph )
Called when a future has completed.
Get keyword arguments from cls.
DTMF Section 9. 2. 17
== 1
( )
Copula energies ev ( energies )
preload modules with autocompletion
Translates a formula string according to Matlab convention.
Enable logging by default.
Return True if the course is small.
Show a group package.
Initialize the modules.
Dump the current schema for debugging
Build and manage a build file for this version
Get rsa public key from n to e
Convert a list to a numpy array
Set a value in the config file.
Shortcut for redirecting to an alternate url
Get a list of subplotspec from axes locator
Attaches epics data to a given field in a queryset
Run zfs command and output error message
Encodes an integer into a bytearray.
Make boolean from value.
Get the name of a principal.
Entry point for unittest
Reverse operation of parse endpoint
Function to import the secedit data and return whether or not it was successful
Set the attributes of a queue.
Get the date of the given type from the given node or parent.
) Get fundamentals path.
Delete a virtual machine
Render field with label
Randomly shuffle an array
Deletes a random item from a generator
) return cache
Apply a change to the environment.
Split null strings
Run a shell command and return stdout
get a tree of all executed files and graft those that don t
Convert argument to positive integer.
Read bytes as a string.
( ) yield runner. output
Get metrics from buddyinfo.
Mangle loop variable if loop context is detected
Build an expected frequency matrix.
Resolve content to a toctree.
Project data dir.
num for num in
Raise an error with the specified name and message
Compute the Hadamard product of a list of matrices.
Wait for write to arrive on the hub
Update a comment
Generate a dictionary of response headers
Return the string representation of an IP address.
Prepare workflow nodes from XML
Start OpenVZ containers.
Lookup a VM by name
Returns the root directory of tcl and tk.
Create and configure the bridge and LEDs
Parse the row with the given parsers.
Get free and total size of the given disk folder.
Exclude a language if bracket filtering is enabled.
Robot to translate some text
Send a row request to the API.
Convert an element to a MongoDB collection.
Write a line to the ASCII file and assert the lines are the same.
Convert ImageService error to Images exception.
Add an abstract docstring to the class
Make or verify a core directory.
) or 0
Remove trailing empty lines from text
Delete the named service from the minion
Update channel value.
Decode dense x from image shp with num channels.
Get a configuration value
get all namespaces
Get window of analysis result.
Check a reference key.
Create a sub template element and add it to parent.
Add a user policy.
( CODESTRING )
Get crafted text
Get module name from file name.
Get a dictionary of classes from a docstring
Flagging virtualenv packages.
Check if loop intersects x
Returns a fake platform for testing
Detach a device from a zpool
trigger. nick
Add the build dir to sys. path
Create a storage container
) hatches str
List all the permissions for a vhost.
Return a random slice from a queryset.
Create a channel object.
show an error dialog
Add the directories to the PATH environment variable so that the executable can be run.
list the available plugins
Connect to the gpsd server and configure the platform.
Remux audio.
Remove extraneous characters from json error messages.
Translate glob pattern to regular expression.
Get a list of members of a team.
install conf module
Delete a contact field.
Remove version from href
Unpacks a python code object into a python code object.
Testing function for fancyarrow dpi
Computes a linear recurrence function n of length n.
Pipeline test for sklearn. svm. csp
True if a is close to b
Get all the lines in a file.
Update all supported locales for webapps identified by ids.
Get cap alert addresses
quit the window
Interpolate a string with the current asset directory.
Test get repr with str parametrization.
Get a file name from a path.
List all receivables.
Parse imports on separate lines
Return a versioneer config object.
Pause the containers at the specified path.
Scavenge and Scavenge files and return a report.
Determine the disk image type.
Get a relationship
Link to document.
) Return output filename
Perform an INSERT query and return the ID of the inserted row.
( ) )
Run the benchmark.
Repeat or unrepeat a tracklist.
Returns the relative path from a path to a path
calculate the distance between two points
Delete all app tars in a given location
Update translation catalogs in project
Extract a number from a string.
Refresh the brew database
Return the precession matrix for a given date range
Evaluates the polynomial eval 2.
close doubles the pipes
Get the name of the last stored primary server
HTTP PUT request.
Creates a grader from a conf dict.
) install yum
wrapper for error with exception number
Collectd configuration callback.
sets the icon for a given file path
) return monkeypatch
. group ( )
group status
Fetch all entities from the datastore
Get test hooks from test files
, None )
get offset and count snippet for given sequence name
Check if a and b are numeric or string like.
Extract order args from request args.
) Setup backups
Create new admin user
test that the repr of the step is equal to str
Iterate over a mapping yielding multiple items.
skip test if cx oracle is not installed
( None )
Build a database from the schema.
Set current title of media player.
Remove a person from a site.
Return the overflow value of an argument
Decode a dictionary from a byte stream.
Parse OpenSSH output and yield dicts for each line.
( f )
Print a dictionary of attributes in alphabetical order.
Learner Profile endpoint
Escalate questions after 24 hours
Search for words using google search
request, response
Check if rush is enabled on the current thread.
Deserialize a JSON stream to Python objects.
) == 2d
Get all volume types in a group
. fitness )
Create a cover.
Reset the user s api key and generate a new one.
add language info to the registry
Render a gallery page.
Corrected FDR for given alpha.
( ) )
Get fort details.
Recommended version of gcodec.
Download dailymotion video.
Check if a unicode string contains any surrogates.
Formats the output of coredump to a python dictionary
Add local files to sabnzbd.
Return system release and version from ver output
Test that sph and cart are the same points.
Return the main and sub type of a mime type.
url = url
Get messages and delete them from the Twilio API
Check if user has staff or instructor access to course key.
Fixture script to run pip in a given virtualenv
Disable server in haproxy
Shortcut for executing commands on Mac OS
List all migrations that have been applied.
Create site link from a feed item
from distro
Cleanup destination directory
: return True )
Return a list of yubico users for a specific username.
Set or remove keys of a monitor type.
Get the eog channel index.
Elevates the evoked dataset.
Check for files with a given addon type
Deserialize usage key from string.
Retrieve queries from all plugins
Delete groups.
Set a value in the given section.
Set the prefix for the script.
Create a version info for the specified event.
Show list of available options.
Generate project list
Update resources from a dictionary.
ascii. write tests with different formats
Returns all identity nodes in the graph
= key )
Verify that the named package is not installed
Standby for Linux.
get block count url
( x )
Try to guess scheme of a URL.
Check if lookup needs distinct
Terminate all child processes.
Match packages against a list of names
Leave the group and add a left callback to the group
Test unit division by string
Returns an axes with twiny lines.
Wraps a function with a curses style.
Upload a file to the server
Returns the last non - sentinel value in a list
Make a sample dataset.
Attempt to unlock a named account
For a given thread vote or unvote for a thread
Insert a document into the database.
Check if the packet is okay or not
) Launch the application
Hash a plaintext password
Given a dictionary of attributes populate the project info dictionary.
Generate an OAuth access token for the given device and auth info.
Returns the vtk output of a vtk object
). children
Get logo option from a video.
- > scheduled tasks
Test the permutation test
Activate a user account
Parse a rule.
distribution wrapper for linux distribution
Make sure string is idempotent
r Squared error number
Find config file.
Returns a non - prefixed django reverse url.
Delete a virtual interface by its identifier.
build tag param list
Convert PEM encoded certificate string to DER cert object.
Set the locale for a category.
Add a typelib module to cache.
Task error handler
Create element spec and options.
turn agg string into wx image
Create a set containing the given objects.
. value )
Generate a secret using os. urandom and num bytes type.
Check if a constant is positive and negative.
Clears the database
Returns a list of css dependencies from the settings. py
Computes the difference between two dicts
tensor. is flat tests tensor. astensor variable and numpy. is flat tensor
macdext talib wrapper
Clean orphan permissions
( seq )
Reboot a VM
Checks if marathon can be deployed.
Compute p from fundamental operator.
num = - 1
Right - justify a string for a total of width
Generate metrics substitutions.
Validate node json
Check command output does not contain text.
Remove temporary test file
Add lang dict to html code
Make setuptools setup call.
Push item into status dict.
Check that the default language is English
Test that a random tree is returned by the network.
Convert config to kodi
Run a pytest test and report the result.
Writes the output from the cleave repository to the specified file and prints the summary.
} return messages
lockdown desktop app
Start a server in a thread.
Add a tenant to a flavor.
Get time zone names from the registry
embed an album
Generate a sequence of values from the right d threshold
Convert a string or list of dates to a number.
Return a list of all of the currently loaded modules
Issue a warning with the given description and deprecation.
Shift the given path info by the given number.
Find the location of a pattern in a database
Generate grant statements for a grant.
Compute the variance of indicators along the given dimension.
Get next available device name.
Cluster a machine in a mininet
Get pyo codes for file format and data format
Delete a user from the system.
, optdict )
Decorator to convert ctypes ctypes function to c int
Return a pretty formatted version of a string.
Find top of autotest tree
Convert fsdesc string to flags object.
get feeds dir from lib
Make sure jname is in the config dir.
Get a memcache key for a given collection.
Exit nicely with nice defaults
Save predictions to a file.
Return a string in UTC from a given datetime object
Number item factory.
get kerberos principal from hiveserver2 config
Returns the module for the app with the given label
Get the current windows directory.
Generate a course locator based on the environment variable
Return the download url for the platform
Show the details of an instance
Test the operators for the parameter operators
Get the view types from the request.
Check if collection exists.
test ica score function
( str ) )
a method to split a fitness list into two fitness lists one with a value less than the median
Test that the column names of a CSV file are the same as those in a CSV file.
Get bbox info header
Apply an optimizer function to a set of arguments.
Load specified fault manager module
Add contacts to sync method with default namespace
Get SAML provider
Write back references for a given example file
Check if there are any issues in issues.
) Constant image.
Return a list of file descriptors that are read from fds.
cohort mgmt web interface
wrapper for xonsh call str with arguments
Introduce a VDI
Check exc raises raises with msg.
Castra object to dask
Test whether a circuit is a scalar nonsparse matrix.
Extract messages from validation errors or exceptions.
Return whether or not the named service is disabled
Flatten an irregularly - nested list
Get public key from PEM file or file object
Return a list of profile names.
) Return absolute path to test file
Manage binaries
Create multiple choice questions.
Get a versioned asset url
and convert )
Release subtitles via libvlc
Remove trailing zeros from output
pin this thread while inside a with block.
( key ) )
Group snapshots by project id.
Prepare a command line for execution by subprocess.
Set the plugin state to bootstrapped
Wraps the given value in a safe sequence.
get w3af version as a dict
Return whether this is a virtual machine
Load parser result file.
Return the number of groups in the grouped queryset.
Get a translation unit from a source file.
Is the source consistency group creating from the source?
Check if a point is inline within a complex circle
Check if source is newer than target.
( v ) )
Resync project webhook
Return the convolution given the output length filter size and stride
( )
Identify names in python code
Cancel a draft for a user
Connect to the MQTT broker.
Perform loop lift on a function.
MODIFY Reject Section 9. 2. 5
Return a list of mapping keys from a string
Entry point for gdata.
reloader ( )
spellcheck str - > str
Delete a stack.
Create a zero of a given model type.
Decrypt the cypher with the key
ansible - module entry point
Return a mapping of email address to lists.
Check that a resource is valid.
Returns True if the user must complete the entrance exam for the course
Decomposes a kernel 2x once.
Check if the comp comp satisfies the condition.
( value ) )
Parse a vCard from the provided string.
Inclusion tag for templates with unlimited number of arguments.
pport d4 state machine
Test arg split.
Slice string arguments from a value.
Delete a network interface.
Pretty print a value.
Check if process is running.
Return the HTML list of users.
Destroy a node
Create a summary of the collection.
( step ) )
ordinal formats an integer number.
resource usage update
Get current language bidi node.
Create document editor group.
Test the input layer with softmax and Dropout layer.
Multiply a matrix by a vector.
Generate statels given a format and source and destination files.
Change mac address back to the original
Quotes a string if it contains special characters.
Get the latest status for an episode ordered by quality.
split a string into type privileges and privs
Compile source code.
Validate a sleep argument and return the appropriate value
Restores sys. modules to their original state.
Get config vars from global or user input
virtual function to determine if the minion is a virtual machine
Get user info from S3 bucket.
install pyui
Redirect with a slash at the end.
Find all modules in a folder
Convert a stat. s mode to a stat. s mode.
Check if ip is shorthand
Return the image object for the specified VM
Returns a normalized version of a source string if it is not already normalized.
Main entry point for the metric CLI.
Returns a vmdk attach config spec
Reset syslog configuration parameters.
Read a record from a file handle.
alert ( ident level message )
Print the size of a file.
) create new limit
Get the value of val between low and high.
Get profile image storage
Get the hash of a file
Update a unit in the database.
deactivate multiple packages
Demonstrate clustering with trace
Upgrade the current environment from a previous version
get request value by name
update supported locales for a single webapp
Convert an asyncio. Future to a tornado. concurrent. future
) subsector
Removes logging null handler from root logger.
Prepare input source for XML reader.
Scale a matrix to unit length
Theano local implementation of zero and division.
power on
Backup the given monitors in the given accounts and write the result to a JSON file.
Get a list of all files in a directory.
Get the uid of the specified or current user
. splitlines ( )
git prompt should ask and delete repo dir
tester to remove identity from notification
Get locale prefix for url.
Build an upgrade request.
Return - num if nobody exists - - num if not
Parse a file block and return the resulting string.
Simple feature extractor for int64 features.
Test for simple cons list.
Get description of current track
Creates a file named filename with the given encoding.
vispy modules
Return a tuple of redis error classes.
get one model info by nupic model id
Get a mask of pad values in a sequence.
Calculate the sum of a list of shapes
Join a list of paths into a single path.
Split a list into two lists based on a predicate.
Runs the given function with input and output redirected to the given file.
Test for the isfile function.
Log probability density function for categorical data
Run skype and return stdout
Prints expr to python code.
str + url )
Get normalized locale name.
) Partition an iterable.
Temporarily adds a new style to the user library.
to bin type
Show a robots. txt file as an HTML page.
Get the value of a metric.
Quick kanban board creation
List all available repos
Set cookie in HTTP header
Return best fitness and quality for mime type based on parsed ranges.
A simple test of an ev - form.
Bootstrap a resolver with a list of domains.
Decode feedback tuples.
List all key pairs
Yield key tuples within the 3000 line.
Put an item into the cache entry with the given key.
Get all diffsets that have comments for current pair
Create a new der bit string.
Render text using markdown render if rich text.
Extract a constant from a scalar variable or shared variable.
) return func
Show a single storage account container
Get the status and IP addresses of the current process
Render price property.
make sphere model test
Get image volume cache entry by volume id.
a security group
Returns the HTML for a social dialog.
Create the cache folder if it does not exist.
Uninstall the flocker package on the nodes
Class decorator to add sync methods.
Get equal space for HSV coloring
Return whether this is a virtualenv
Render power children of a latex tree
Find files that are not in the output folder.
Get profile name.
Get IP addresses and proxy them to the local machine.
Restart a service
Return indices as a CSV string.
Delete id3v1 or id3v2 files.
Print bytes in human readable format.
Return True if the database is up and running
Try to update last login information if database error
Get prefix from pattern.
. srcdir )
Seek to a position in the stream.
Create a string from the settings list
Print a list of strings
create xml runner from test name
Convert NumPy objects to json.
count the number of w elements from n1 w2
Executes the given command and returns None.
Run the reactor in a thread
Get serial number
) ( )
Show stack trace for superuser
Qualify the dependencies of the given targets.
Get style value using key from element node
generate random usernames
Linear Regression Angle
Clear libvirt volume
( integer ) - > integer
Get platform string
Update the connection info dict with the connector and target information
Test arg of sigmoid function.
Generate a TOTP code.
( '-' ) )
( )
Unpack source into a Python object.
Check if line ends with CR.
List all services for a given host
Check if cidr address is valid
Load a pickled object
% num ]
Destroy the specified block device mapping.
Get perfdata from the device.
List the certificates stored in the certificatestore.
Initialize failure code.
Return the auth URL if it exists or return str.
Try to get user input from a list
Split an address into localpart and domain part.
Convert a value to its native python type
Returns user by username if it exists else raises error
Upload the previous version of the document to the remote server
and x even
Format the jid ret with current jid
Get all arounds from a set of paths.
Linear Regression Accuracy Accuracy
Get moto version.
Create a long description write it out to disk and prepare to use
Handle uploading files.
Injects field overrides into blocks.
Check for misordered fields.
- > reservation
Walk a directory and yield test targets
Get a string from a text.
Get minus sign symbol for locale.
{ } )
( str ) )
Loads the template and renders it if inline editing is enabled.
pretty print a name
Expansion of the encryption key.
Check if line contains str or ends with str.
Unpack ASF image data
Creates a NZB XML string from a list of file elements
. __getitem__
async for entities
Records a breadcrumb for all active contexts.
Generate plot from plotly. pyplot
( 0 )
Writes xml if changed.
, constants. py ) return
Create a directory with its parents.
Get libvlc media track.
Get the value of key in element node as a string.
Return the IP of a given interface
Split a string into a list of strings.
Save the current session
Safely import a module returning None if it can t be imported.
Get the systemd journal
Rename oldname to newname but only if newname does not exist.
Check if we are in a grace period
Fixup enums by adding suffix to them.
Recursively call a function on the expr with the given arguments
load command class from app name and name
Post a message to a mattermost room.
Convert from matplotlib color syntax to QColor.
Print all categories in the database.
Get the version of the dataset.
Default ret values for PyBEL.
Escape a byte string
Get the first string option from a list of options.
Authenticates a user by requesting an oauth access token.
, stubs )
Check if two transformation matrices are the same.
Test that the read tab can be used with parallelism
with django. conf. settings
Check if input and output buffer size are valid.
Create a default signal map.
Get a slice for a given time range
Returns the best match for a particular dependency
Get libvlc event manager.
Get itemgetter function for tuple arguments.
Calculates the local and observed rvss for a minibatch
Convert time to datetime.
Return a list of plugins for the given package
Given a list of NumPy arrays return a set of dtype kinds.
Sends a command to the console.
Update translations.
Implement msvs adding tools to spec.
Compute the means of each class for all samples.
Check if user has permission to perform action on trigger.
Return True if boto is running as a virtual machine
return True
Create a new IKEPolicy.
Test the arguments for sympy.
) print x
Interpret emr step syslog files.
Reload django url config.
Run a job from the command line.
Return a dictionary of indexes for the given table.
Create a new frappe language
Return a list of mac addresses associated with the named interface
Set the colormap to nipy spectral
Return best fitness and quality for mime type based on parsed ranges.
Creates a client for interacting with cloud networks.
Find prototypes in a code block.
Get metrics from the status url
Add exception info to debug info.
Compute the correlation between two dictionaries
Check if a clean lines method is out of line method definition
Generate noise and optionally iir filter.
Formats stack outputs
convert cell to row and column
foo ( str )
Write head of numpy array to file.
Get the latest records for a resource. If the number of records is equal to the number of
Return the flavor of the deployment
Return whether this is a virtual machine.
Identify a series based on the number of episodes in that series.
Get comment form target.
Shared login logic.
Return an export action form configured with the given formats.
Prepare operator dictionary for output.
find index of string in line if found return pos and string
Build a query from a SampleFilter.
Get a random job prefix
. about )
Handler for posting videos
Open and return a file object
Check if certificate matches hostname.
Render a sitemap or section into HTML.
Create a layer from viewer config
Get proxies environment variables.
Get most recent incomplete item by user.
Test formatting with precision option
Komodo editor.
Check if a directory exists and has the latest version > num
) Virtual environment
pause animation if paused
Receive SMS from Twilio.
Takes a facts dict and replaces the string parameter with the value of the str parameter
Remove a device from the system.
( node )
Return a reference number for the given pathname.
Test if test with given labels exists.
) + str
Render genshi template with context.
Return a benchmark cluster instance.
Provide the default contract exception mapping.
Check if the option exists with the specified value
Build a truncated normal variable with weight decay.
( str )
run tests in the main module if main is called
Delete the given comment
Normalize paths.
test normalization of colormap
Get the md5sum of a file.
Check if a string contains only printable characters
Check that a user and group are valid
Ensure link is a social link.
Revert a document to a previous version
Wait for winrm to finish and return the winrm session
Updates the text of the stim
Check if a flow contains the given information.
Open a page in the browser
Delete items from the queue.
Get sample context
Render navigation bar hooks
Check if domain is valid.
Parse JSON response and return JSON result
Delete a contact type.
Given a user and a list of permissions return the set of missing permissions.
Send an email using a template.
List the installed macostypes.
Find selected node in a tree.
Create a context manager for the given classname and namespace.
Freeze login details of the current user
Implementation of the KAPAP algorithm.
Check if the request wants JSON.
Test the types of chars in a string.
set element node to start at end
Send mail via EmailMultiAlternatives.
remove duplicated elements from a list
Get current date time with timezone
Read the page header from the given file object.
Parse requirements from requirements. txt filename
Computes the WCS signature for the given key and challenge.
Get the normal vector for a path.
Normalize a timestamp to a new timestamp.
List all volume types in a group
( group ) )
Set the cache dir
Check if path is a valid file
Bulk email submission
Normalize angle to num - num range
Get size from backend instance.
Tries to write a string to a fileobj or to write a string to a file.
Queue a rating
reload syslog and ctl
Regression test for register filter.
Convert a name to a network address.
Same as csm except it returns a tensor.
Check if there are any vi headers
Dedent text for a list of lines
Generate random string
Break up a cookie string.
( 1 )
Calculate the volume and exposure between two data sets
expand the balancer dict
Check integrity of sqlmap files
Strip newsgroup quoting from given text.
Converts an RGB color tuple to HSV.
Get the version info struct from the Windows registry.
Convert a string to a numpy array.
Sample foreground and background rois for each str in roidb
Factory function to create a DataCite object from post data.
Make a name from package and module
Ensure a volume group does not exist
Cancel a checkout
Start keeping errors in module warnings
Parse a stream from a file - like object.
Check if Python version is greater than 27
Compute MD5 of a file.
Return True if entry is a valid hidden service address.
Get the twitter notification service.
Run a set of scripts and determine if they have failures or errors
Get AMI metadata
Try to extract a referer header from a request
Get crafted text
Disable a libvirt service from running.
Get stroke radius by prefix
SYSTEM INFORMATION Section 9. 2. 17
Suggest a semantic version for the given string
returns a list of param tuples from a layer list
Compare two packages in reverse.
Create new agent
Returns newest n items from iterable
Split a path into a list.
Test that randomizing correction works as expected
Check if attribute name is a reserved word.
Save the certificate to disk
Squeeze 2x2 tensor
Read end cent dir64 locator data.
Create a toplevel widget.
save all dialogs
Create shell with predefined options.
print if file not exists
( x )
Wait for all prior states to reach a certain state.
viewmode is a function that takes a hdrs and content and returns a tuple of the view
Get the full path to the. hrc h file
Add a new like object for the given object and user.
Include args and kwargs in the template.
Load a single crontabulation file.
Copy ssl options to local config directory.
Update a file.
A simple test for multiple api tests
Does dmp ground p r ( num u )?
List all launch configurations
Return the current zone
Return a dict of cleaned data for each attr in attr list
Check if a field is conservative.
Matches options based on type and device
The home page of the home page
Return the identifier of the given key.
Generate a random genome.
, str )
Upload a file to an S3 bucket.
Return whether the virtual is available or not
count the number of antidivisor of n
OAuth 2. 0 example.
Make a uniform PMF.
Update DNS records for ELB and RDS instances
Compile plural rules into gettext.
Run the test suite
Build a cyclic graph from a feed - forward network.
Find the number of meta strings in the string
Set the default locale
List all pg_clusters
( job ) )
Non - blocking mode of a pipe
create fast start script files
Create a server from a description and factory.
( dt )
Wait for a quorum of Cassandra nodes
Tries to decode bytes.
Set an object in memcached.
Normalizes text.
Get the base signup form class.
Get app from regex routes.
, True )
Return the base path of a URL.
Append a pool name to host and return the new host
Return a Taskflow engine for the given action and API object.
Parse a string and return a Jinja2 template.
or None )
) or None
Send a Magic Packet to wake up a list of mac addresses
Display the current lowstate on the minion
Returns the node with the given id
Create a new user
Check if there are any blobs in the index that conflict with other stages
att in arch )
Promoted function to a common name
IDZR projection of a matrix.
Return True if element is a bound property.
Render a template and return an HTTP response.
Bump cache for a product.
Create a mock key provider with a list of keys.
Get all lddas associated with lib datasets
= sd )
Copy lines to journal.
unittest. testcase
) print header
Calculate median of continuous values.
Return a polygon representing the raster image.
get fixed ip record by network host
) Parse a string
Set up canned roles and decorators
Decodes a base64 string.
compute the sigma estimation of a set of residuals
Consume items from a queue.
Return the length of an iterable.
Read header info from a file and return as tuple.
Create a versioned metaclass instance for a plugin and version.
Return the geonode version string.
Test stratified cross validation k
Saves the uploaded file to the given filename.
get most recent messages for all threads
Returns the mapper function of an entity if it is not None. Otherwise returns None.
Return human readable filesize.
Get the clipboard contents
Sort the list of allowed protocols
Get current resource name from current service
Create a set of subtasks for a task.
Check if a flag is in approved.
( html )
Parse a timestamp and return a datetime object.
convert text into dict
Get the blob from the storage conn. If no storage conn is given then the storage conn is
parse a quoted string from a data buffer
When a usage key is deleted delete all descendants of that usage key
Destroy a device
Get the computer domain workgroup.
Computes the softmax of a matrix on the GPU.
Delete the named sysv
Calculate the sentiment of a text.
Get the status of sqs
Variance reduction op.
Sample a memory
Applies a function to num cases and selects a random variable.
Returns the hash processor associated with the given kex algorithm.
( CODESTRING )
Return True if want matches got using ellipsis marker
xblock local resource url.
Generate HTML report from JSON file
Deletes a bridge
Return formatted wwn str.
( data ) )
Write contents to a file.
( 1 )
Look for a file in the metadata dictionary
for pyzmq
Convert headers from unicode to bytes
Check result of dbl or any function call.
Redirect the user to a specific URL
Cleans a name and replaces str with str.
Build pillar data from options.
( x )
Find an unused port.
Get the view content for the given file name
Generate a dictionary of plugin entries from a set of plugin groups.
. fczm
Security group.
Set the given file descriptor to non blocking
Check if we can use the cache for this order.
Reset the rc params to the default.
Test correctness of the model.
) Get should reverse
Decorator to make a method uid unique
) position
Escape a string for use in a cookie header
Focus the completion item with no model.
Main entry point for the cli.
Get the signature from the signature data.
Return sys path for the given dev name.
Start an API server using OSF.
Make env key string.
course. advanced )
Wait for read events on SOCKS connection
Update a file in the carbon namespace
Write named matrix.
return t
) return cli
Convert string to int
Entry point for running a test in a sdk
Create a usage key from a usage key string
Use subprocess to get path of texlive.
Load a replay file raises error if key is missing
Deletes a location.
Enable a server
Parses a template file or file - like object.
Return set of required characters in range ( block range ).
Send reply emails after publishing.
Download setuptools and save it to a file.
Configure a location contact community and chassis id based on the changes passed in.
Change the current working directory to path
Get the feconf activity rights.
Check if a call ends in a string
Add a sphere to the mesh
Context manager for temporarily setting the current user.
Convert minolta to float array
( ) )
else : pass
Return the latest version from a list of names.
Check if IP is valid.
Is the current datastore primed?
List all registered extensions except the ones in the blacklist.
Return a unique identifier for a type
Uses netbios to get the local node ID.
Is the value an extension type?
Update the image repository when the icon is changed
Test clustering of half the centroids
Same as step1 but add random sampling.
Parse a string in ms and return a tuple with the start and end indices.
Create a form for a list of fields.
. osf )
Retrieve credential by its name.
Recursively save a list of states.
Set the hostname of the machine
Find a metaclass for the metaclass of bases
print a single file
Signal handler for SIGUSR1 only available on Unix.
Send a JSON RPC request to the given URL.
Check context is admin and is in context.
Convert an array to float 0. 0 type if possible.
Normalize the arguments of the class based on the mro namespace.
Test that a fit does not raise an error.
SSL wrap a socket.
Check if youtube is available.
Validate the cumsum function with skipna
, dfn ]
Return a copy of the dictionary f with keys pointing to the same value as the key k.
Updates an existing Jenkins job.
norm of a vector
Remove a key from etcd
After a scenario has finished terminate cli process
Converts a hex string to base32.
Check app status and last rated time and return success message.
Remove unicode and other special characters from a string.
Get incoming fifo or purchase rate
Sends the next event to the given email.
Setup before new template is called
Change the torrent dir.
Given a list of terms return the simplified forms of those terms
Add a discussion menu to the page
Read a FASTA record from a file handle.
Specific network inference function.
Get the times between two tricomplexes.
Get a filter that returns the specified value.
write text with ascii. write and assert no bookend
Return the admin URL for the comment.
Given a dict of keyword arguments return a tuple of parent and node nodes.
my watchlist page
Reset worker optimizations.
Legacy LZ4 encode using preconfigured hash function
Download and parse external pillar data
Creates a virtualenv in a given directory.
Get a configuration object from an ini file.
Export to lixian2
Get a settings format.
Digest authentication route
Check if hook file matches hook name.
Adds labels to a host
describe a change
return s
Contruct a command within the current working directory.
* x
Generic Z - Stats
glGetError
Log an error message.
Display members of a group.
License options for the current package.
is not None
Returns the initial data for the document form.
Return a list of the currently running jobs on the minion
flip the loop and flip points
Return markers sorted based on matches.
Get all group policies from a group.
Count number of elements in a sequence.
Get a VM boot specification.
Ensure path is relative
must not start with multiline
Open a file or folder in the default application
= - 1 )
Builder for ssh
Toggle the projection of all subtitles.
Generate a JWT using the app identity.
Decorator to create a mismatch event.
). sum ( )
Get the localzone if it exists.
Set the value of multiple booleans
suggested uri query
Expose a function as an anonymous API
Check oslo i18n line.
Find controls in a form that match a regexp.
Return a list of currently enabled service owners
Delete metadef property for a namespace.
Convert to lowercase and strip spaces from string.
Test that tensor join works inplace
Creates a new resource.
Check if value is a safe type
Refreshes the local repo using the specified module.
Set current audio channel.
Get virtual cpu and mem stats for each host
Return a string with documentation string for an object
Fetch a value from a file bank in the cachedir
Get a list of pages to show
Check the database for data.
Download setuptools and unzip it to a directory
returns True if mac address is valid
Given a list of folders names return a dictionary of recommended folders.
how much ]
Reactivate all workers in a specific load balancer
Shift a bitarray.
Computes the training and deviation of a dataset using nbsvm.
Test that a random forest estimator is unchanged
Put a script in the S3 backend that will render the page less and more when the page
Union test by brute force
Account password page
True if any item in sequence is True
vispy )
Generic inline formset factory.
Convert a byte string to a long.
Notify users that a new string has been created
Print page message
Generate a set of anchor points
Send a method call to the underlying client.
{ } )
update enrollment of user in course
Install one or many packages.
)
( version )
convert bc freqs dict to list
Subscribe a user to a creator.
check for duplicate method
create a mapping from channel type to channel indices
Shortcut for building a forest.
Return True if service is sysv
( shut down )
Get currency name for locale
Returns True if the xblock is a unit xblock
Serialize remote exception to JSON.
Make a bad request
Sends an email to claimer that the user has registered with the node.
Check if user exists on the server
Generate a new doc from a result dictionary.
= mpstate
Builds the bounds for the given slice struct.
Get infos from the spec with the client authorization
Make an exog from numpy arrays
Mysql old passwd function
= None )
Reads and loads multiple objects from a file.
Add short links to documents with given ids.
Convert an integer to a base36 string
Build campaign criterion from a list of operations
Returns a list of locales that can be set.
Test the interpolation of the model with a fixed length model
Recursively create folders in a hierarchical structure.
Check if URL is in callback list.
Load a collection from a SQLite database.
Get API servers from flags. glance api servers
Main entry point for the fixlist script.
( CODESTRING ) )
Return obj as a list.
A global collator used for sorting and sorting.
Returns the registered adapter for the given object
extract key values from a nested dict
Delete a Google Cloud Storage file.
Raises an AssertionError if a! = b.
Compute the quantile of an ndarray
Rate limit a task.
encode input file into output file.
Calculate the Interquartile Range of an array
Return a aware datetime object
Disable profiling for a service
Return two tuples of created by and modified by.
Safely decode string into unicode object.
Get program name.
Given a list of ids return a string representing the ids.
Create a numpy array with multiple indicator.
Get title info
Check if a user has a certain permission.
return True
Translate a vector by an offset tuple
Create a new tenant
Profile a block of code and dump profiled data to file.
Show a baremetal node.
Convert an object to a reference.
Given a Stats object return a dictionary that provides some information about the file such as file size file
else : return value
) Deprecated.
Return a list of services that are disabled.
Get HMAC for given request method path expires and key.
Read png images from disk.
Uninstall packages that are not installed.
Decodes a 32 - bit FVWI value from the given bytes.
Set complement operation.
Check authentication using username and password.
Get a security group.
Test preprocessor expression
get works by iswc
= file. tell
Run a script and raise exception if it fails.
Compress the data
Returns the value of the given property of the given element.
Invert a binary tree
Wraps a float value with modulo.
wait for write event
List users in kstone
- 1 ]
Get crafted text from gcode text.
Updates the data structure depending on the status of the repo.
Convert latitude and longitude from lat and longitude to latitude and longitude
extension comm subtypes
Test stemming with bang
Get the global context for mkdocs
Blink a given region by a given number of pixels.
Send and receive packets at layer 3
Monitor exceptions.
Find the cover page for a given container
Interpret the given marker and return the result.
Get a cache subnet group.
Parse a docstring into a dict of options.
Send a network connect and print the output.
Test that the monitor gets gamma and grid as specified.
Check the result of glReadPixels
Generate filesystems and globs for a sample of datetimes.
When a nick is pressed tell the user
Root mean square error.
Show current environment.
Delete boot volume
Returns the position and ID of all tracks in the tracklist
Locate text using the geocode API.
Get VM network ID.
Traverse a directory and yield integration targets.
Return the binary representation of a number.
Load the dev key from the bot s configuration.
Assert that x is a unicode instance.
Yield slices from a range in reverse order.
Check if a line contains junk.
Resize a video and add it to the preview.
Convert phone to numeric
Return all prime numbers in range [ 0 num )
Return dict mapping duplicate values to their indices.
iface type is either str or a tuple
Delete an app in the applications folder.
Generate an anonymous user id for the given user and course id.
Verify the modules of the sphinx project
Check if callback is an api view.
= nostyle )
( sheet ) )
Allocate a record from Python object.
List all users in the system
Load the calendars from a YAML file.
CONNECT Section 9. 2. 5
Reconstructs a path starting at node current from state.
Get the facts from the facts service
Get information about a group
Gets the data from the browser
Sample with indices resampling with replacement
Edit a folder.
Ensure the named service does not exist
search for a person
Download app stats from remote api.
pynet interface main function
abort the program with a message
Remove user from group.
Return a list of test names in the suites.
Change subscription property
group snapshot filter
EXPAND ETREE TO LXML
chunksize default chunksize
Convert bytes to a human readable string.
Open a local file or URL.
( obj )
Check astroyear.
Checks if a user exists on the server
Euclidean distance between two vectors
return t
( manager ) )
Resolve a name to an IP address.
Marketed price as a function of count
, why )
) ( x )
Generate faux mime message.
Delete a member from the salt pool
Run dump stop level test.
Convert a string or a module name to a module.
Hydrate sources field.
( string )
make a cdf from a pmf object
+ '/' )
Find the largest value of x with k largest values
Read file from disk.
Replace URL patterns with a new module.
Enable or disable syslog
Class decorator for automatically deleting files from disk
campaign )
Create a new device from a NumPy record.
Return a dict mapping SRS IDs to a list of things.
Get event manager from libvlc
Listen for course publications
( proto ) )
Show changes made to user s password
Load a template library
ip extra command
Get the description from the docstring
store friends of user
Returns an empty numpy array of the same shape as the input array.
Decorator to require a resource
install as egg
Send a command to the Minion
Parse multipart form data.
Get all internet gateways with a given ID.
Calculate the magnitude of a number.
Leave transaction management.
Concatenates a list of tensors along an axis
Calculate the norm of a vector or vector.
). value
Escape a string for use in a URL
num to lux
Register a callback to be called when a resource is retrieved.
Check if a user has a permission for some organization
return t
Create a dict from a nested path.
Set the fbthrift library configuration.
Test reading of locs montage.
save state to pickle
Get all volumes in a group.
Find the matching unit pattern.
Copy in files to out files.
Expand a type string to a list of types.
Find pylint. conf file location.
Create a role record in the current project.
APPLICATION INFORMATION Section 9. 2. 5
Return whether the minion is a virtual machine
( num, num ) )
Register a device public key
Mask sensitive data
Make a web call to the management API and return the result.
Run a shell command.
) ( dire )
Convert upper to lower.
Generate TOTP passcode.
dump data to pickle file
Invalidate invalidations for the given hash.
add a representer to the dumper
Deprecated function.
Tasklet decorator.
Run pip build and write requirements text to files.
Creates an application
Redirect to the url of the current domain
Connect to AWS MachineLearning.
Set the colormap to HSV
Return dict of sites for given app name.
Get the HTTP headers from the request.
Process call queue and push result to result queue
Convert an etree element to topic.
) Run sync script
) return saved return
Returns True if item is in course tree.
Check if fscale is a valid type
Iterate over the terms in the second path and unify them if possible
Return html for directory tree.
( )
Show the GUI.
Add positives to a set of positive pillars.
Copy extras to output directory.
return xenapi connection scheme and host
Reset all profiles to their default values.
Escape a message header value so that it can be sent over the wire.
Check if a given address is an IPv6 address.
Set the clim of the current color
Get all related models of the given model recursively.
) [ 0 ]
Global date format.
Load a Python module.
config for org site volunteers
Kill process without raising exceptions.
Ajax call to retrieve data from the database
switch to another host with a given parameter
Update root organisation of an organisation.
List all available nodes on the cloud provider
Initialize qutebrowser. settings.
Clean up the temporary files on disk.
Recursively simplify a quantity or a pure python number
Return the number of keys in the selected database
remove a platform from the asam server
Encodes a missing object message
Parse the iscsiname line
Return a list of nodes for which a node is the root of a view.
Get instance of class inst
Delete a name from the minion
Check if e is an ssl. SSLError
Insert gpu filter acts into the graph.
Redirect to the root page of the site.
say hello string
Get a summary of changes between two models.
Main entry point for the twisted dist CLI.
List the files on the local machine.
Get user preferences
Returns the linear gradient of the probability density function between start and end
Apply boundaries to vector x.
Install the specified language
Return whether this is a virtual machine
Compute the projection of eps onto a vector a
) Bootstrap form tag
Add sources to result.
Get session id for the given credentials
Check if user is a prereg admin
Update server info such as refs and objects
( mpstate
Main entry point of the script.
Get all volumes in a group.
freezes the named vm
Escapes a string for use in a Jinja context.
% python )
Displays the console output of a server instance.
Generate a histogram from a qual file.
). hex
List the contents of a queue
Display resource list with the given title.
Generate JWT with given parameters.
Get the full path to a dependency file.
Performing the covariate step for a tied model
Destroy a consistency group.
Decrypts a previously encrypted keyfile
Split code and text blocks
Find actions in the namespace.
( value )
Return a hass service object.
Moves old file name to new file name atomically.
Plot a colored line.
) * 2
Remove any existing configuration file
Blend two channels using hard light.
Process a mtree into a list of paths.
Get the display timezone.
Get the ec2 attach status from the volume status.
Load extra data from backend and store it in social user.
Pick mailbox to examine
Determines if a variable is set by the cli
Download and extract the cifar10 dataset
Select a single object from a list raises value error for oss
Create a new figure manager and return it.
) % path
Configures django. apps and populates the app dictionary.
return a + b
Leads page.
Get a queryset from a model or manager
apply softmax op to the eigenvectors
. amp )
Returns a colormap using the requested name and colormap lookup table.
Run a command and return stdout and stderr as tuple.
change all the entries in a table that have a numeric value
Check if lun id is not used on host
Get all the jobs
Get a value from the configuration dictionary
Calculate checksum of a fletcher16 binary buffer
Merge cnfs into a single cnf dictionary
Exports the given course key to a tar file.
Sharding function for str - > str case.
Extract want line capabilities from text.
permute rows along num axes
== x
Get a list of change IDs for a given check.
Get import stacklevel.
Delete one or more alarms.
Set the dnsmasq facts
Creates a loopback control client.
Check if nibabel is installed
Return a list of vertex normals to the given portion in the given direction
Notifies about removed members in a group.
Publish a credit course.
View a screenshot.
Formats a list of attachments into a more manageable format
Check cpaste.
Get a page object from a request and set its helpers on it.
( value ) )
[ 0 ] )
Returns the index of the first vowel in w or len ( w )
Convert input into theano expression.
Subtraction using spectral frequency spectrum
People search.
Render a Bootstrap alert
num > 0 )
, none )
Add patches to the source spaces
( exe )
Get the name of the local host.
Reencrypt encrypted data blob.
Check ori parameter
Run a command and return the output as a string.
double fc with validation data validation data and test data
[ 0 ] )
Get a dictionary of metrics for a given date.
Get local and global bears from all sections.
( 0 ) )
Get response cell name from path.
Removes users from an acl group
relu test objective function
returns the trace of the point in dxtrav
Add a global constant.
Evaluates the equation and returns the result
get the amount of memory used by this VM
Box with addon and tags.
num %= pi
Get the preamble from the equalizer.
Delete a metadata key for a snapshot
Remove tags from a trail
Parse the given user rule
Main entry point for the review bot.
Get badge by slug or create it if it does not exist
Log an attribute of an object.
Scraft the HTML with the python - scraper lib.
Convert a dictionary of fixture data to a list of tables.
Set current user for the current thread
Indents vaenv output with given format and arguments.
Pretty print table with html output
Return True if sr is visible to the current user.
( ) )
Forgot password route
Check that a file exists and is a valid file.
Convert a expiry date to a string.
Import pylab custom plugins
) | suffixes
Try to read a string from the device at the given index.
Generate a unique ID for a document.
Validate bucket name.
, True )
Run a changed task.
Detect lines in a diff.
write a debug message to the dump file
Returns the vendor name for the given pci id.
Test plot of montage.
Return the path to a resource file
Returns a shuffled version of iterable.
Browse for other branch
Shorten a name to a maximum length.
Rubik group containing n symbols
) return state
) or None
Test that pyc files exist
Patch os module to use it as a context manager
Stop the parsing
Execute the next evaluator in the chain
Get access token using authorization code.
Manage the servers on the minion
Temporarily change the value of an object field.
Default threadable predictors dictionary.
Check term length and call callback if too long
Toggle labels for a plot
location = None user = none updated = > new course
Remove all dead links in a directory.
Update dict d with contents of other but only if d has the same keys.
Create a virtual machine.
Check if hash is used
) return version
Returns the synonym of the given text.
Wait for an element to be present
test nearest neighbor obj with wrong number of neighbors
Mock out oc commands
Attach total points to a given field in the queryset
Returns the index of the first token after start. If throw is True raises a syntax error if
Return a list of gids for the given user
Check if token is a string
Get OS function from grains and call it
Get the list of existing dhcp networks for the given conf.
Return the version of the package with the given name
Get an option from either the pillar or the opts dict
Map an array - like function over a numpy array
Apply a function with arguments and optional kwds synchronously.
Parse a Trees file and yield Tree objects.
Compare two sccs for equality.
( d )
Delete a console by its id.
Get absolute path to the deploy config file.
Cut a matrix into multiple rows and columns.
validator for multiple choices
Change directory and return after context exit.
Distribute the naming defaults to a given dictionary
Cleans a URL and returns it as a string
( lst )
List all refs for a given remote
Test proxy using HTTP GET.
get the status of the slave
Fix all HTML files in container. mime map.
import a plugin folder with a given directory path
Call a p4 system call
Check that a mail folder is not missing.
Create a load balancer
Check if url is from spider
Unescape text.
Assert that a check function passes.
Save password in keyring
Get repository by name and owner
( deg ) )
Get the jid data from the database
Check if format is a memoryview format.
Greatest common divider
Read the cache from the given stream.
Encodes a protobuf message to a wire string.
Get the default number of test processes
except StopIteration :
Parses an id from a string.
Loads the county codes from the json file in the root path and constructs a dataframe
sub - program for twill subforms
[ 0 ]
Assert arping semantics
List all libvirt nodes on the cloud
Print the time it takes to write the optimized spreadsheet to a file.
Splits text into x and labels
) require translation project
Get the DNS adresses for a network
Enable internal debugging for the current request.
Get random objects from the library
Get the context for a line of a template file.
Run the test command.
Replay gain status
Solve the radicalization of f with solver.
Create and return a gpg object
Install a package and verify that it is uninstalled
Get crafted text
Sort the schedules stored in the config file.
Current code name.
Get an attribute from an object.
True if w is a short syllable and num == 1
Read values from registry
Generate auth response from a chall list
). selection
Generate Junit xml file testsuite.
Apply a transcribe operation.
Formats a dictionary of errors.
Create directory if not exists.
Return a list of plugin updates available.
Get programs and associated types.
Convert an int to a packed byte string.
( pid )
( )
Convert object name to class name.
Retrieve an OpenStack client.
num + z )
Mix songs into playlist.
Check if path is in web root.
Return the bufsize corresponding to the given type
Check the authentication of a minion
Newey - West coverage of a correlation matrix.
check if process exists by PID
( main ) )
Check if attrname is protected.
Validate the training event.
Get the perimeter width of an element node without this element.
Process an image file.
Cron cron job for updating Google Analytics.
str - > str
Publish the request and create the associated records.
) Restore service.
Add media to media list.
Get the MIME type of a message.
Get collection summaries matching a set of ids
Create internet gateway.
Get command from a state
Add a number of customers to the table with a given primary key.
Return the directory of the ipython package
Add a widget to a panel
Merges a token back into the original token list
) get navigator audit log dir
Write craft SVG output to file.
Evaluates a function in GF ( 2^p ).
Disable cbreak on a file descriptor.
py com category
return t
Return a descriptive extension for the given gcode text.
Get the line and offset at cursor position.
Return load data for a given jid
End a http recording.
Creates a wiki object based on the environment
( s )
( True ) )
Unpurge specified packages
Validate a POST request with signature.
Get the configuration directory. If none is specified the home directory is used.
Compute the hamming distance between two strings
Construct a URL from the given components.
Check if an email address is valid
Validate customization args against ca specs
Get AWS metadata credentials for the provider
Check if line is in filename.
use postag to format phrases with string
Preferred IP for the given list of IPs.
Get output from subprocess. Popen.
Capture stdio stdout and stderr of a logger.
Syntax filter.
Run pip upgrade and compare to current version
Count the number of roots of a polynomial over a field.
Return set of results that are not present in dest dir
Discover a uri using the Yadis protocol.
Interpolate using trigonometric interpolation
Returns the wordnet for a given penn identifier
Test pprint for byte strings.
Rosenbrock test objective function
Mock render to response.
Compile node to python source code.
Get title of a media player.
Takes an excel file and saves assets to the database
) Group a list of releases.
Coroutine to spawn coroutine.
Return a copy of the set
User auth template tag.
Get key func
Add a security group.
. unlocalize
Return a toctree of bootstrap modules
List suggestions for a path.
( package ) )
Check if text is a valid email address
Call git to install the package.
Return the value at offset in the module pymodule.
toggle Querystring Parameter
Find all groups for all containers in a given inventory
Enable private browsing.
Delete SSH key for a user.
Convert a string to a S3 compatible string
Ping a server.
Create a video capture using the synth base class.
= 1 )
( ) return
Load bitmap from file.
Test selection from one sided selection
Test showing completions and filtering.
Return a list of dictionaries for each article in a language.
( ) main ( ) Main function.
Checks if a function accepts an argument or keyword argument.
Default value for pub jid
Recursively generate model objects for the given root class.
Class decorator to create a subclass from source code filtered by filter
tests whether course id is valid
Check the locale of a field.
Reload module from the current directory.
Test the zeroing of a cdm instance
Posts a vim message
( ). T
returns a list of random floats
Default mapping function.
Parse a byte range header.
) run ( str )
Check if the named service is enabled
new = True
Change the priority of a key. The value must be an integer.
Store results dir in tarball at dirpath path.
Decode a text string to a unicode string.
Initializes and tears down test db
Parses an Atom XML file and returns a document list acl entry.
Return the server id for the identity
Apply the specified policy
Display a list of statuses and mass action form.
Check that wcs. wcs does not transform incorrectly.
date labels are truncated
. user }
Offset vector by multiplier over a segment.
Get the sentiment label for a given number
Make a WSGI server
Return a title from a list of columns
Decorator to create a dummy function
Return a dictionary of the current configuration
Return a list of all available VMs
Show all topics for a given endpoint.
Clean url for use in HTTP requests.
Decodes a received bit vector and returns the corrected record and number of errors
Import data from a JSON formatted stream.
print ( i )
Return a horizontally bounded path.
Create a task info record and add it to the data dict
Test json view with bad request
Return a list of email addresses for a group.
Set the repliers for the fake execute function.
Remove unnecessary whitespace from doctests output.
Return a rectangle of given size.
Returns tuple with ssl. verify_paths and ssl. verify_paths.
Return the long description of the current file if it exists otherwise return a blank description
Returns a full URL for the given WSGI environment.
Sort a string.
Get a file or gcode directory.
Create a tree from a sequence of degree numbers.
( ) return secret
= mpstate
Update a module block.
Get id or key for a list item.
Initialize eye gaze.
Create a formset and return it for modelform and formset.
gridspec with invalid width ratios
Return pseudo breadcrumbs for a given key.
Return a list of files in the given bucket.
Get a single list item by index
Save figure in given format.
Find a command in a command path.
Return whether dirname is a package directory.
) - > None
Chain transports together and return a transport class.
Mock the autouse attribute of helpers. css.
Interpret as minutes only
( num )
Ensure qt is running in the same application thread.
Gets a handle from a string expression.
Find new mods from pre and post
Get model matrix from OpenGL
unpack a zipfile to extract dir
Get the encryption headers for a key.
Find matching files with a given read indicator barcode indicator and mapping.
Get model by its identifier.
Returns an adjacency matrix for a given redirects file and page links file.
Convert head quat to translation and rotation
Draw a bounding box with a given color.
Creates a fake payment.
= end )
Check authentication with Github
Add default variables and functions.
) is repo url
Generic setup function for the platform.
) Get a config by name.
Validate resource type.
layer of Fourier coefficients
Removes the database identified by name
Return the value of the phi of n
. iso ( )
loads the size of a window
Check if file is in cleanup list.
Called on shutdown
= 1 )
Check if value is a mod num.
Get the width and height of a screen.
Parse hex escape.
Apply a function to each index element and return the transformed index.
Perform atomic benchmarks of an estimator on a set of instances.
( ) )
Split a bezier curve if it intersects with a closed path.
Strips whitespace from the beginning and end of a string
Connect a callback to an action.
validate domain name
) + 1
Return the username of the user.
( )
Compute the mean and deriv of an observation for a given word in a dataset
Connect to the cloudsearch2 API.
Return a cycle tour of the graph.
) + text
Sign a certificate
get all public names in a list
Return x with leading and trailing whitespace.
Return a hosts list as a list of dicts
Try to add a new category to the database
Build the install args from command line options.
Perform a search and replace all variations in the given value.
Create a config spec for attaching to a network.
hack to add a path to sys. path
Generates library and runtime library options.
. _cache
Return a dict mapping module name to set of modifiers.
downloads remote files to local
Virtual memory.
Return generator yielding all elements of selector which are not in exclude.
Suspend a virtual machine
Validate a password against an expected hash.
Check if two wildcard patterns overlap.
Generate a version 1 UUID.
Converts a range string to a set
Check to see if a usage plan exists.
Create output dir if not exists.
Check if we have pyrex installed
) return selection
Store the user s openid in the session and redirect the user to the login page.
Read a file and return its contents as a string.
Get the default entry point for the package.
Return a list of all available services
( url )
( CODESTRING )
Checks if a user exists in the database
Tidy a HTML file with Jinja2.
Optionally convert x to utf8 if x is a string.
Compile a template string.
Test that mne locs can be generated and loaded
( preference ) )
Gzip encoded content.
Gather the pillar data from the specified pillarenv
Reads and parses a XML file.
Generate a zero - free string of length l
) Read count bits as a boolean
Toggles the state of the PW32 control registers.
Return a copy of the event exchange
Invalidate compatversion cache on delete
) return service
bench switch to v5
) Tests whether two quantities are equal
Parse a multipath rule
Demonstration of grid with single cbar.
var, dest
Merge JSMF files to HTML.
Return the file system encoding.
Update structure when a course is published
Register a namespace alias.
new_repository
Spawn a child process to split a file.
json. JSON ]
Get a dictionary of values from a registry key.
Generate example rst files
Same as django. core. urlresolvers. reverse but returns absolute url if request is provided
) - secs
Test inherited frame attribute.
Reset display alfred.
Check if host has too many luns
Move a file to the trash folder
Duplicate a list to a raw dict
Split text into multiple strings of chars per string
completion task generator.
Clear environment variables
Prepare embed request.
Convert a scalar to a FITS format string.
Hardlink session data
Colorize an image.
sql alter table sql create )
Send an email with the given name and password
Convert ISO 8601 timestamp to javascript timestamp
Return a list of user - defined javascript files.
Find and register all SQL functions in the currently running notebooks.
Admin task for testing admin modules
Calculate limits in the throttle module
Copy data from a struct to another struct.
parse server string to get address and port
Generate random password and hash it.
DMP ground node index nth node
Decomposition right right.
set the opacity of the image
Return the number after the last point in a string
Send welcome email to the user
Compute the recurrence term of a function with a recurrence relation.
Shift a time by the given number of seconds.
Create a port group
Split a path into a zipped and archived path
run all exit functions
Download and unpack pdfjs archive.
Test that a basic table with no data is read with the given parameters.
. values ( )
Return whether the path is a virtual path
Sets the configuration key to the specified value
Loads a score from a local directory.
Return a carving of the given file.
get fixed ip details
) is utc
[ 0 ]
Check if slug is valid.
Associate a fixed IP address to a network instance.
Check if file should be skipped.
Send email to admins.
pass
Alter enum column.
Check proxy for selfip
Remove the last xmltag in a file.
get a complex path
Set the plugin configurator using two arguments.
Dynamically register treebuilders in a Python module
Decode C string encoded using uudecode
Check if a file contains the given text.
Connect to a cognito identity.
Determine if pport is in busy state
( s ) )
Base64 encodes a cookie
Send an email using Gmail
Return True if the word is quoted.
Sanitize a filename string
Backup the current database to specified host
List tables in the dataset.
Parses the output of xfsdump and returns a dictionary
, - 1 )
Returns a list of file paths in the given directory.
Tokenize a text stream.
Override bytes from swift type with real bytes
Lists all GPG keys
Fix line ending
Plot baseline image with legend.
Create a legendre of n with k ground functions.
List the option value in the parser
Validates the background color
Creates the tables in the database
file to json dict
Add submenus
Calculate the dot product between two complex numbers
Return a dict of all available VM sizes on the minion
Remove empty line in file content.
Get a connection from the stack.
Generate the yaml list of handlers
Given a list of changes check if the filepath matches.
Retry function until SIGTERM or SIGINT is received.
Call a callback method on an object with the given arguments.
Get unique items in a sequence excluding a reference item.
Profile a function that does gradient estimation.
) pool ( )
Collect static files
Check if conda environment with given name exists.
Check if a patch has been executed already.
Return True if the repository is virtual.
Connect to the MQTT broker and configure the platform.
compute outer product of two vectors
Wrap text in a websafe text element.
Patch os. environ with os. environ.
Defines a callback that will be called when someone wants to examine a message
Count right hand zero bits in a number
( x )
Return fingerprint of SSH key.
Read curvature and surface from curvature files
Add func stats and caller stats
Boot a machine and run a function.
return replacer
Return a human - readable representation of a number of seconds.
downgrade or upgrade the database.
Remove all cached views
Get the total size of all backup files
Validates if a path contains valid elements
) [ 0 ]
Yield all loops in the given CFG.
List the recent events.
Deserialize a value from a key.
Render a search form.
Return True if the given module has a submodule.
Runs the suite with the given tag and returns the result as JSON.
Edit an opportunity.
Get a foreign key field from a model.
Normalize a filesystem path string.
View config changes
Convert a dictionary to a numpy array.
Remove a port from the firewall.
Build a simple border swiping network with a simple mesh.
Find templated parameters from an object
Get crafted text from gcode text.
( str ) )
return the compute expression from a name
Entrypoint for WSGI application factory.
Prints the arguments to the file.
Check to see if launch configuration exists.
( s )
Get dummy effects
Convert a value to a bool if possible
Return a dictionary of all available environments
Add surrounding loop to the feed rate
extend mode to code
( )
Convert an address string to a socket. inet_pton
Check if a string is a leading tab
) on init
Calculate the correlation between two datasets
Accepts HJSON as a string or as a file object and runs it through the HJSON
Generic find constraint name.
) Restore database.
Return index of missing whitespace character
Get the credits for a project
Return the name of the process that was started
Parse a query string.
Display table info based on http request args
Escape markdown text
Check if result is None otherwise raise GeosError
Parse http date format
Format a URL.
Render Pareto Cumulative Density Function
Get a new command for the given command.
) return True
Create a zone from a template
Adds a role for a domain or project.
Serialize a sequence of Python objects into a YAML stream. If stream is None return the produced string
Convert apnumber to apnumber.
Raises an exception if the password has changed for one or more validators.
Extract a mapping from flow gram to sample ID
Refresh the info cache for each service.
Check if attribute is private.
JSHint task.
Copies all folders from source to destination
resize an image to maxwidth
Automatically generate a proxy for the token typeid.
Run a function in a background thread.
Inverse hyperbolic cosine
Calculate the inverse hyperbolic tangent of a number.
return driver names
Get exception type from pickled class
zeros of a matrix
= 2 )
Create a consumer for the given request.
parse privileges from a string
Check blacklisted repositories are not allowed
) location
Import dotted path and return class.
Emit problem submitted event.
mg which uses a MFM hash function.
Formats a date using natural time.
Check zero result
port allocated = False
Swap a function f with its i - th monomial.
This function updates the site monitor xml.
Prompts the user to update a list
Convert corpus to vw file.
Index ( storage )
Convert a name to a regular expression.
Assert equal type line
Add litejet devices to the topology
Setup join cache
Attach total points to a given field in the queryset
Add all vertices found in a geometry output to the given vertices list
Get user data from steam.
Get a file object from a path.
Compute the derived sequence of a graph.
Get torrents by ID
Creates a new resource with the given options.
Process a message notification.
Lints the citations of a tool.
Converts all absolute URLs in a HTML string to absolute URLs.
Return null if there is no null in text.
Activate a requirement
Check if a path is in the progress bar
Remove role from the db.
check if path is a directory or not
Use a previously acquired connection.
Confirm that the tensorflow streams and samples are consistent with each other
Reset user password
Convert freq to period
Get a spinner instance and return it.
LDAP group member is not ids
Split tag namespace.
= uwline. depth )
Return color name if color name is rgb
mysql - Connect to a MySQL database.
Get ca certs path.
Extracts nested case statements from a case node.
Format exception object for printing.
Get callables from a module.
Return a list of files in the specified environment
Generate a dummy model params from a perm dictionary
[ ] )
raw file format conversion
Represent contact request.
Returns the full module name for a path
Deserialize a string object to a Python object.
Revalidate a certificate
converts names to dnsrepr
Show information about a network
- x
Calculate the projection of a function over a basis set
tag name buttons
Find the column in a string that is at a specific location.
Get server certificate.
itertools. product for two iterables
Log a raw IRC message.
Return a datetime. date object for a given value.
Return the inferred value for a given node.
Configure the insteon platform
Unescapes a unicode string in a string.
Create n colors to use in the plot
Delete unix line support.
Sort a list of dictionaries by similarity.
sql destroy indexes for app
Get description of a chapter of a video.
Search for program in PATH environment variable and return full path
Update the local git repos.
Register new user.
Schedule the execution of a job.
Unlock the account.
Set the default classes if they are specified.
Upload subreddits with a list of sr names.
> 0 )
Return a key for the given entry
Parse a comment string.
test link error on directory to file link
Make sure all exceptions in builtin modules are equal.
Run a protocol 0 regression.
Convert objects to serializables.
Parse arxiv id and version.
Start an S3 server on the given port at the given path.
Parse command line arguments
Format traceback to string.
Check reCAPTCHA with reCAPTCHA server.
) return loader
Read index from file f.
Clean meta dict.
Plots the posterior predictive distribution of the trace
Check that getting a version does not emit an error signal.
Format size to human readable size
get cpu affinity by task
coverage html report
node ) set attributes by arguments
Formats issue into a standard python dictionary
Authenticate the user with username and password
Check that opendocx returns an lxml. etree. element.
Wraps text into lines.
Display site and location
Check procedure in gcode text is done.
Return the best fitness and quality for a mime type given a parsed media range dictionary.
check for changes
Get a release for a given episode and release id.
Download object from S3 by filename
Give a number of entries by descending total
Context manager to temporarily move a file to a new location.
get period names from locale
Disable insecure serializers.
Test attributes.
Generate random blobs with a given number of features.
Render the template with the given context.
Get username profile image filenames.
Distributorial from setuptools.
List servers in haproxy backend
Convert JSON row to python tuple based on schema
Get first word of split line
Check to see if an elasticsearch domain exists.
raw reader with append operation
Check that num reads are correct
) [ 0 ]
Recursively removes u - num from sympy.
Use a mocked prompt to call user dict with process json.
C ++ file name parser.
Check the type of the argument.
Load a document from a. docx file.
( s )
Check if url matches the request.
Set interactive mode
) return element node
Print stack trace for thread
requires a file from a url
Given a list of recipients return a set of email addresses.
URL encode a string
Set the group ID of the current process
Register multipleuse and suspended factories.
Check if an alias exists
Creates a port group
Processes the specified XML element.
Display all review requests.
List all repos
yields nodes from left to right that are not in right
write a plist to a resource
Gather the bootstrap script from the cloud
divide two scalars
Plot epoch image with retries and overlay times.
install prereqs
Create a stream exception from a XML error element
Assert that the line is a true instance of the class
gridspec with invalid height ratios raises error
. register ( model ) image
Split a command line into a list.
( g ) )
kruskal distribution.
Get the name of the comment app from the settings
Create a new figure manager
Repeat an array along an axis
Get a free e - mail address
Configures the default Django settings
Check if gettext is available for the given language.
Test galactic function with three components.
Alter tablespace.
Get uptime for a hypervisor.
Test derived cols from lists
docstring )
Run a shell command.
copy modified jars from appscale to lib
Pause the current thread.
Configure the database with options.
case status
Perform a default scan of the service catalog.
Get release by id.
Open a text file.
Get processtree from processtree
( filename ) )
Return page html as string.
Autosummary table for HTML elements.
Check if a user is in pyenv
True if any of the arguments is the host from gpu
Check if all ancestors of a page are published
Create object on the right click
Returns an event id for the given event name and encode types.
Parse a pkginfo line and return a pkginfo object.
Run le auto command
Raise distutils setup error if value is not a boolean
update blade config
Generate source for a template node.
Convert a Module to a Python dictionary.
Writes the specified key to the specified path.
Convert an index to a native Python value.
) return fls
Test smote sampling wt fit
Merge a request setting with a session setting.
Get rank of a singular value.
Get current context if it is a string
Return the hyperbolic cosine of x.
Set local SNMP community
Returns a dictionary mapping case ids to lists of regular expressions.
Get a specific tenant
Return True if descriptor has mobile access otherwise return False.
Inject python types into a Python source file.
Wrapper around boto3 s3 requests.
Return list of options
get dist entry by dist name
Create a description string from a list of lines.
Get all activities about a user.
Index documents in batches of num ids.
) Create repository
Get the value of the setting for the class
test nearest neighbours sample with runtime error
Compare two dictionaries ignoring ordering
Validate a config dictionary
Offline a network
Get the virtual packages currently installed
Go through all reports and send them monthly.
convert mnc to cum
( topic, msg ) topic
sync db with remote and local
remove the logging handler from the global logger if it exists
Quote a string for use in URLs.
Get the power state of the machine.
logistic gradient of i
Get blobinfo object for given blob key
- > group type
match hostname in certificate using pattern matching
Converts a dbus exception to a reason
Create builder program and add it to environment.
Check if header is a websocket request.
Lookup all remote DNS records for name.
Check if the geoserver is up.
Convert key text into keyinfo.
update an existing fixed ip
Returns fully qualified name of the given object.
Return install function depending on platform.
Delete task app directory if it exists.
Bdist a python program from the current site
Build a property spec.
installs local package and checks that it was installed
Cross origin check if the static url of the current page is a crossorigin image
Return the status of a running server
Remove a network.
Get a specific image member.
bwd return True if algo is safe to proceed False otherwise
) else skip
) return details
Round number to precision
( ) )
Return whether or not adm is virtual
Set restart mode of given restart file.
Sample from ground truth and generated datasets.
Escape special characters in a string.
return True
Get rereview themes for a given reviewer.
) Create a numpy array.
Get a user input from getpass.
Update the values of an instance.
& 0xFFFF
Connect to region
. external )
nn - Search a movie for a given number of reviews
free memory
Check usage of given module
Implement pivoting algorithm as described in JIT.
process element node by derivation
Translate xcbq modifier masks.
Plot barbs with invalid sizes
Process traffic log files for a given hour
Set the copyright and license for the builtins module.
Browse to the current branch
Get a placeholder configuration value
Update the user s mailing lists
DP projection op.
Annotate module with ansible annotations.
Read actions from keyboard
Return a deprecation docstring for the given version.
CSV with theme id
Split a string entry into a bool t e p
Signals the jid to save the load to the jid
Render celery settings view.
Return JSON for a book
Convert a string to a number.
Create a transfer job.
Monitor the disk usage of the monitor
Find degree in a matrix
if hg )
, - 1 )
Format a list of tuples.
Clean up a process by deleting it and its children.
Extrude geometry output by derivation.
trunk = None
Check if a user exists and has the correct password
Set the current time of the phone
Normalizes string removes non - ascii characters and converts spaces to separator characters
Reset configuration to default values.
app ctx )
Return host and port for given node.
Process cmds in a shell.
'git' )
+ path )
as zdc )
Aggregate packages in a set of low data structures.
Translate Wotan to Penn Treebank.
Perform batch normalization on the training data.
Get a label for a field.
Add a new document.
Return sys info as a list of tuples.
, return value )
Convert a type argument to a string.
Extract views from url patterns.
document )
Generic sorting method for the resources of a specific node.
Returns the push message for the user if the request is authenticated and the user is in the group
True iff f is a literal float
Generate a random string of length l
Convert dictionary keys and values to unicode.
print statements
Delete an account.
Setup the platform using russound
Return True if given address is a valid IPv6 address.
Decorator to outplace the given function in place.
Evaluate expr to a string.
Deserializes the roles.
Localize a datetime to a given timezone.
Returns the URI for the given WSGI environment.
Partition a set of sequences by entropy.
Compute the minimum distance between a node and a set of nodes.
relu clips x to num bases
Apply a palette to an image.
Attempt to change the effective uid for a user.
Display the current status of the virtual machine.
Copy application data files to new locations.
Load a yaml dataset
Parse an XML file using the specified XML handler.
Decode an iterable.
'remote' )
( apc )
Calculate hash of torrent from link or torrent data
Delete source if it exists.
) / 20.0
Return the sas triangle of the simplex.
Get account info from cache or swift request if not cached.
. agentID )
Write a message to stderr and exit.
Get geometry of text string.
Decompose a MUL expression into fractions
( ) )
Recursively copy a directory tree.
Get reservations for a set of resources.
Return whether or not the computer is a virtual machine
Convert image to numpy array.
Return the indices for a given shape.
( text ) )
- 1 ] state
Configure inline support using matplotlib backend
Add string property to XML element.
Setup logging module.
Subpixel gauss 1 discretization with mode = str
Compatibility wrapper for fopen.
Check if object is a class
Handler for datastore admin backup complete events.
, num )
PDF test with CGI module
Creates a new mini notification and registers it.
cleanup after metric
Check if a file exists in the given package
Copy location attributes of old node to new node.
Update the evoked by the time scales given in bools.
Convert a hash to python data types.
Campos zero coefficients
Convert text into a number.
( )
Toggle the options of the project checkboxes
Get the current memory usage in bytes
Yields the product of all iterables
Returns a list of manipulated paths
html unescape a string
Zero all mutable fields in the packet.
Add user account to S3
Detect changes and return paths to changed files
Return a list of mailcap files in the current directory.
Generate all combinations of coordinates from the given bounding box
_steps )
Add job log to XML.
Perform checks on an estimator.
ssl login with student id and email
Return unchanged argument if it is none otherwise return it as is
Get a dict of users by usernames
Get the version from a package file.
Check if enough semaphores are configured
( verbosity ) )
Construct an HTTP response object from the generator.
else :
Map volume to single host
Decode a string into unicode.
Traverses generic graph structure.
Write gif data to a file.
Get the numeric part of a string.
Get a property from an object. Warns if the property is already defined.
Add closed XML element.
Return a dictionary of the arp servers and grains of the string
Convert dictionary to header string.
Copy optstep into p if p is one step longer than num otherwise none.
mult by division with JD2 times.
Generate a range of dates between two dates.
Check lengths of sequences in fasta file
Encode a name into a certificate subject.
Force down a service
Find the value for name in the specified namespace.
Get partition info for a disk.
) return category value
convert integer to roman numeral
Convert a dispatch list into a YAML string.
( p )
Set up the live session
Setup logging module.
Render a nested view with a GET request.
Generate category test data.
Create a new local dict and return it.
Compute the covariance matrix between two sets of data.
Verify that pip can be uninstalled editable and pip can install packages
Cycle permute a list in place.
A formula for the distances between two points in kilometers
Compare two values in constant time.
( decoded ) )
Get cache key for given account and container
equal, True
Decorator to delay execution of the given function until a request is denied.
Update a device.
Calculate points on the surface of a polygon that lie below a given vertex.
Change the gid of the named process
, close, prefix
Return the name of the given interface
Test against a pytpm docstring
hsl to rgb
Create a flow from kwargs and add it to the list
Get the number of hosts on the server
Try to guess the language of the given string and return the translated field.
Calculate softmax of probabilities
Returns the role function for the given role name.
Run from command line arguments.
Create a vlan interface and add a device.
get course enrollment info by course id
Build the url for a specific endpoint.
Chooses a command from the list based on the command rules
( str, b ) )
make gettext patterns
Get all factory modules.
utf8 encodes a unicode object as UTF - 8
True if expr is a function name
Generate a hash for the current request id.
Spyder Q application factory.
Get a list of mappings for an event source
Display the details of a service certificate
is not None
Log out and assert not logged in.
Compute the signature for the given secret and parts.
Extract a member from a tar archive to a specified location.
Get node s line number.
Convert a string to a log level.
User saved signal handler
Pack a message given the operation and data.
Return a string that can be used as the value of an element node.
Process an xml element
Set the current layout in the system
Select the totals for the given baseline and head results.
check if item is in in list
value > arg
Return whether or not source is newer than target.
) get all by host and node
Iterates over all settings and applies any defaults
sign the data if signing server is active
Like uw but returns unicode.
return True
Compute a fingerprint for the given path list.
( dev ) )
Sort tasks by their name.
Check if a field is solenoidal.
Edit a source
Parse target url and add it to url string if not already present.
Get authentication settings
Setup console logger
Try to get url from url name.
Scan the btmp file for events
Check if source is a flat source.
Get the Jinja2 interface list for the given interface
Get the local time zone
( CODESTRING ) )
pydot print profile
Expands an integer type to the most appropriate type.
Sort a list of results.
Calculate the clickthrough rate for a given number of impressions and clicks
Check if there is a snapshot in progress
== conditionset ) return x
Check if the bucket name is DNS compatible.
. cpu )
Stop logging for a service.
Shortcut to osquery cmd for all hosts
Strips tags from HTML once.
Flag a post.
Rescan if there are too many blocks of data.
Get widget content.
= values )
Checks if user has permission to access group.
main ( ) print str print str
Converts a unicode string to a byte string.
Create a new view with the given text.
Allocate an EIP and then release it.
Adjust time delay based on std limit
Create web2py app folder.
Find a pattern in a text.
Return the current user or False.
Get until dot
Issues badges for a course
wrapper for instance. access
Return system info from the command line
Make a bad ratio
Enable a service.
Convert a field name to a model field name.
Skip a number in a bytestring.
Add a request to the queue
clone dicts for device and emulator
Validate a block of tokens.
No log warn message.
Get email from user id.
) [ 0 ]
Returns True if running in Travis PR.
Report a deprecated worker module usage.
Return HTML fragment as string.
Decode a text string into a node identifier.
Get bucket by id.
List the upgrades available for a specified minion
Decorator for double typed functions.
Return the total seconds of timedelta.
List all instance profiles matching the given criteria
Return a constant vector of type x
Sends an opt - in email to the user.
Iterate over XML nodes.
redirect to str % num view
Return string at pointer.
List user roles
Get a text from a list.
Test the data in the raw edf file
Delete all artifacts for a specific version of the book.
broadcast a num axis
Set up the netatmo platform.
Automatically restart after a failed delete operation.
Return JSON list of validation errors for file upload.
Convert a value to a numpy array.
= True )
database = manager. databases
Generator that monitors the output of the child process and yields the host name and line read from the
). encode
Encrypt the contents of in stream to out stream.
Create a context dict from a revision
Load a module from a string.
Get a list of multilingual users
Create a list of rules from a list of symbols
Calls the web hook newegg and returns the result
Update location tree
wrapper for message. log
Import a module from a file.
Convert a string to a unicode object.
Check if a passphrase matches the hashed passphrase.
Get metaschemas.
Generate a certificate for the given domain
Get username and password from a URL
Rotate blob in bucket with new encryption key.
Yield n bundles at once.
Render a sales lead list.
Read configuration from opts and add it to config
Delete a topic.
install jupyter hook
Return all cliques that are at least threshold number of cliques
Compute the hub matrix of a graph.
A simple WSGI server
load all account types
Get a masked element from a string.
Generator yielding missing whitespace characters
Decode and decrypt data with AES key.
suite. tests
Clears a given feature for the given recipient.
Get or validate queue list.
from a stream.
Delete unjustified issues from the audit table.
Return full path to python inc.
return t
Catch corrupt db and try to save db
clear the cache
Delete a server from a servicegroup
download a file from a given url
Strip default argument from string
Delete a port
* 1000 )
List the configured networks
can import a module
( str ) )
True if current line is the first line
Returns the difference between two files
( ) )
Convert ascii format to numpy format.
Find all variations of a canonical name
Flip a coin and return the result.
Get message date from header.
Return the full path to pkgin or None if not found
Close the serving session
Get combined keywords from a list of keywords
Get last tv show info.
Check that a file exists and is a file.
Get columns from filters
Return true if the named option is disabled
) Deprecated
) clean all files
). stdout
). bucket
Profile a Python statement with profiling.
translate a locale string to a language string
Invalidate a cached entry for a module
Convert an IRI to a URI.
process element node by derivation and element node
Run lint on all python files in a directory
Get stack events by stack id
Get lan ip.
Serializes the given object using pickle.
Filter a module against configured lettuce apps.
Convert url to bytes
truncate the title if too long
Find edge that is not in graph
Create a mean - squared distribution with numsamples samples.
scan postfix submission line and update collector
Get social auth for a user.
Register API routes
Wrap a model with a constrained constraint solver.
Get unknown optional transitive BGP attributes of path.
Delete a repository from the registry.
Return the log key for a given match.
Returns if the current system has a globalzone
is not None )
Return a distribution from a string distribution or requirement
Check if a path is a mountpoint without actually checking the filesystem.
Remove a site from the system
Parse state string and validate token.
Refresh the database.
Should a path be included based on include patterns and exclude patterns.
Remove a package from the virtualenv
Get the volume associated with the given blockdevice
Validate iterables against fields
Log out of the web server and clear the session
Return the cmd if it is in grains otherwise return the whole grain
Read a file into a list of chunks.
Returns chimeras derived from nast aligned sequences
Validate ldev info.
Get the exit survey results for a given survey on a given date
Resolve code to spec
Pure Pure Purepri. encode wrapper.
Check if a directory is installable
Return set of distributions available at source path.
Unban a user from a channel.
Get a single version from a module and return it.
lineation )
Extract loop candidates and lift info of each loop entry.
) or - 1
Get the created time of a named account
Check if user has set a language set.
Test slice overlap with wrong mode.
Check the HTML contents of a page.
Set a password for a service
Normalize a path.
Get the results of a poll.
Add a friend to the bot.
Restores an integer value.
Test serialization of empty history
View of group members
Create a formset from a list of dicts.
Get the user and store it in bootinfo. user
Get used lun ids from mappings.
. sharingStrategy
Divide two qubits
Conditional bounded moments for minimization.
Get git changeset
Check if hierarchy is valid
Build a truncated normal variable with weight decay.
Get monit status from a summary report
Initiate a database connection.
Flag a addon as enabled or disabled.
Sends an email message using the given recipient list and from the given email address.
Read templates from temp files
( path ) )
( ) )
, delay minutes )
Grant the given privilege on the given database to the user.
Toggle the fullscreen state of the given player
Send instance state change notification
Find all domain configuration files in a directory
] print
Create a thread with given data.
Get a language from a request.
hop )
Yield items from a namedtuple list
) Virtual environment
Generate index page.
Get votes for an object.
Bind floating IP
Add ansible local variables to the ansible inv dict
assert that s is a valid solution for the Wolfe problem
norm of a point
Outlines of a scenario are ignore commented lines
Move up or down in the stack
Create a new class.
test function
( ) )
Convert a name value list to a dictionary.
Find a unix socket in a predefined list.
Get a clean environment dict.
Create a storagepool and a volume service.
Get a string from a buff and return it.
- 1 )
Returns indices of the minimum values along an axis
apply func to expr e recursively
). url
Run cucumber from command line
Compute a linear convolution.
Add authentication to the cherrypy session
Generate a coinc matrix.
Sleep for a period of time.
Data export from Ora2 database
Login and complete view decorator.
reshapes values to have shape num if values is smaller than ndim
Parse a line into a tuple of lines and whether it ends in a string
wrapper for ctypes. array for raw arrays
Write string data to file.
Bulk insert test data.
Solve a 3 x 3 system of equations using numpy. linalg.
Apply a list of modules or a list of highstate modules and return highstate.
Start a response.
Remove a tenant from a flavor.
Hide traceback frame from python traceback module.
Return a scanner object or none if no scanner was found.
Display list of themes
Generate a list of sample indices.
Parse a patch message.
Compute the perplexity of the model.
Extract all time results from a string
get neighbor conf by ip address
Add inline script and static files resources for current request
( i o )
Does text have mixed eol chars?
Get a parameter from the request.
Box folder list action.
Insert twist portions into a curve
Check that a random number generator works with theano rng
) assert good
Generate a polynomial in the DMP.
Return a list of shell commands available on the system
test bloom on test logs
Prints connections of all switches
Lock the password
Fix lib dir if it is not a library
Get a rectangular grid.
Convert a filename to a new extension
Yield tuples of module name and package whether it is package or not.
Reads int property from the specified file.
Get a template by name.
execute channel mode
Get a volume by its name.
Boot a pox instance
Uninstall one or more PECL extensions
Override system resolver.
Check that value is a csv line
return a list of online cpus
Set all imported modules to absolute path.
Convert a binary tree to a Python list.
Split a chunk into num delete chunks
is gcode text done or file is empty
Small test that pushes a directory into the tmpdir
Get a random color.
RAX function to find an image
List shard for given object instance.
( cert ) )
Show a map.
suite ( ) )
Logs a user in
Get a nginx configurator
( values )
Normalize flat matrix
Wait for scrub to finish.
Get default secret key script from AWS account
return train cv
Parse a YAML or JSON template.
View tags page.
Test that the KNN is continuous
Serve a robots. txt file from the static folder.
Label the x axis of the current plot
If stmt | if expr
( values )
Tortodile test.
Output linter output.
) water source
Substitute random symbols in an expression with other symbols.
scan example file for functions using the gallery conf
Get SSH configuration for the given host.
+'about'
Check extension attributes
Uninstall one or more packages.
Return information about the default locale
Open an image document.
facade = None
( CODESTRING ) )
clip with time mirror
Remove all content from the database
base. called base
Parse a delta string and return a datetime object
Format a master config line.
Plot dipole locations with matplotlib
Train a model with exponential moving average.
Find a matching album and add it to results.
[ 1 ] )
Given a list of matches and a command add suggestions to them.
Read requirements from a txt file.
Add a query manager for a timeframed model.
Get all packages in the specified mirror.
Create a config file with the given rules.
Fixture for django. core. cache. backend. locmem. delete
. lint )
Run a command inside a container.
read a file from disk into a string
Create a x509 object and set pubkey.
Get revision number from environment or checkout directory.
Get file content
Return the script deployment object
Download bom stations from a HANA BOT file.
Check if file is in blacklist or not
Print the query results to stdout.
Represents a character in Python.
Returns the exclude string for a given client directory.
Return the URL for the given resource provider.
Change the gid of a process
Current line number.
Get a list of indices.
Test log locator with parameters
Run test func on every item in sequence in reverse order.
Run a WSGI application.
Takes the metadata of a GCE instance and normalizes it to the format expected by Fact
) yield f. read ( num
Create a topic rule.
Run the application.
Split a list of issues to pull requests.
Evaluate op on a and b
( key )
Alternate checker test.
Generate a complex polygon with given start and end angle.
Populate a registry with the current time.
Add a task to the queue
Test initialization of repeated nearest neighbours
obj is not None
Make a cost plot
HTML friendly version of traceback.
reblock 2x2 block matrix
Send message to quteproc and wait for it to finish
Add bad store with validation error
Check linecache for filenames with a trailing num suffix.
Run a frozen package and check the output.
animal pre save
Default setattr implementation for django models
Get a color from an integer index.
, fns )
Check if a server is reachable.
Check if character ch is in ws.
Parse synonyms from a text.
Scale a matrix.
Extract the last column of an ASCII table and assert its names and units match the expected columns.
. st_a
Parse the output and the template.
) or None
Convert datetimelike objects to i8.
Show qtconsole icons
list topics for the prospective search
Return a list of the command output.
List files for all given packages.
), item
Build nodejs resources.
Get the user details from soundcloud and format them for user display
Default 404 page handler.
Delete an IPsecPolicy
Set the window size of the selected folder.
Draws landmarks on the image
Return data to database
Return the names of providers not loaded
Assert a link with nav help is clicked
Create a fake file object.
Generates a random sentence of given length.
Test the dict data type
PPORT select one or more states.
] create eeg
Return the router to use.
Compute the square root of a polynomial in expr.
+ 1 )
obj. write )
Generate all combinations of coordinates from the given bounding box
Validate IPv4 address.
Write gcode to output.
Formats an object into XML
Create a new buffer
( seq ) )
Get a copy of the current environment removing coverage info
Check if value is in range min and max values
quantum network with mininet
hsl to rgb
Get package version from deb
Test the classes attribute of a chart.
Fetch daylight hours from Yahoo.
Find track by id in plugins
Return whether this node is a virtual machine
Mirror the duration of the audio signal
Create a numpy array of length n filled with zeros
Returns a unique path based on the given one
Render a template and return an HTTP response.
Raise an exception if a variable is not found
). html
Validates that the value is in the current timezone.
Parse date string according to onblog date format.
Execute shell commands and return JSON data structure.
Return whitespace before parameters
( value )
Escape all string values in messages.
Get instrument by id.
Kill running containers.
Convert fontsize to px
Test ecliptic heliobary.
). path
Split version id and return server and version
Clean up the database
CM RE - ESTABLISHMENT REQUEST Section 9. 2. 5
Create a network with one spatial pooler and one temporal memory pooler
) + choices
Return an edx rest api client
Replace aliases with email addresses in the changelog.
Initialize globals.
Returns true if the given label exists for the given level.
Create image and save to wiki pages
Verify a user password against a cleartext password.
new )
Print a header to the screen
Get the current language.
Escape a string for use in an LDAP url.
Notify users of changes to the current locale
Return the ros home directory
A Django test to update order of units.
Set the status of a rcconf.
Render a GET request with a template rendered as context.
Convert a value to a unicode string.
Find which file or directory.
Run a list of commands in parallel returning their exit status.
Unpickle method.
Order complex poles based on their complex conjugates.
Return padded length of a string.
Return True if path is a device
Returns the skewness of an iterable.
Get a valid cwd
num + 1 )
Check that the default category has all shop in it
Convert an IP address to a bracketed string.
Find the first bootable volume on the given server
Returns cuda ndarray column of specified name and type
run autostart for each process
temperature % num
Convert docstrings of function to params
Randomly split features for training and testing
Generate recommendation data from the topic graph.
Check the number of expressions and snippets returned
Expand links in a metadata list.
A subscript node
Interpret stderr of emr bootstrap actions.
Encode a string as base64 using the legacy Python interface.
Notifies user when new member is added
test that all hide functions are supppressed
Upload files from a given pattern to a remote file.
Test the projection of separations.
Create a new HTTP request
Resets databases.
consumes iterator n items at a time
Get webapp global conf dict
Check the format of the mono image.
( CODESTRING )
Check if a context variable exists.
Convert bytes to ElementTree.
Validate the throttle argument.
Create a status line
Redirect to a new http exception.
Register the tellcore library and discover all connected devices
Creates a backup
Calculate the arc distance between a point and a line.
fetch a image given its ID
Like os. popen but warns about deprecation
Return feconf object default values.
Get exploration summaries from a list of models.
Creates a client for interacting with cloud cdn.
, num = 0 ) )
Get a file from a docker container
( obj ) )
Convert mode string to ndimage.
Write a tree diff to a file.
flatten ( ) )
Converts a variable to a softmax.
for str in
Check generic folders for missing roles.
Return a component XML stream.
Encodes a name and value pair.
Get system stats.
Create or update a follower.
Convert a list of key value pairs to a dictionary
Validate a config dictionary
bc01 benchmark of the gradient of a function
Convert fastq file to FASTQ format.
Update metadata associated with a survey question
Generate a unique id from a response.
Returns the IPv4 and IPv6 addresses of all available network interfaces
Parse html page
Creates a new user if not exists
Returns an absolute path for the given path. If the path is relative to the given relative path
Returns True if the module not found.
Assert that tps do not have tps
Fit fps to model parameters.
Edit ticket.
Check if gens contains a string gen.
return template info
Match implementation.
Test that find eog events works
Return a list of installed fonts.
Generate a summary for a list of items.
Entry point for the glances CLI.
isolate a polynomial from its interval alg.
set log record
Add plugins to menu.
Return the relative distance between two points
( value )
Convert topocentric coordinates
double nibble hex encoding.
Return a lexer for the given mimetype.
Move to the next char pressed.
Create an initializer for linear problems
Check if any of the commands exist.
Compute the gradient of the expected energy.
Convert a date string to a datetime object.
bounded xfail question
Unzip archive to a temporary directory.
error ( str )
Create a new security event.
target list matching build file
Creates a thumbnail image of the same type as the source image
Absolute path to relative
Check for changes
Join a host and port together.
load compiler configuration from json file
Read data from a file.
Return the virtual path if it exists
) return str label
Test the compose function of a simple 2d model
Return the latest installed version
Creates an arg scope for the inception logic.
Print colored text.
Scans a module for dangerous dependencies.
] filesystem label generator
Web server.
Get an iterator of entry points for the given namespace.
Get filters from a dictionary.
Format nodetext according to the given options
Cross entropy of a binary feature
Setup a light.
num = value )
Test whether or not shell is true.
Return a dictionary of valid functions for the given string
Fit a distribution to a set of distributions
Test reshape using backend default.
samples a collection from a datatype
Return a list of mdadm devices
Display the breadcrumbs for a page.
read a random int from urandom
Load settings from specified file.
Performs lexicase selection for a list of individuals
Fix case - insensitive absolute and realpath paths
Convert value to type t.
. state ( )
Get media for a given media player
Get instance of a model by its primary key
Set up a pcs cluster
Generate a dictionary of HTTP headers to send to the server.
delete user by id
scan plugins for classes that implement plugin provides
Get user settings by username
Get crafted text
Check if qos combination is valid.
Generate an indptr for a given state and set of indices.
Yield tuples for all bare excepted strings.
Find the most frequent value in an array.
_string }
Run system env test.
Check if there are any conflicts in unmerged.
Check equality of contents of two arrays.
Load Markov model from a file.
Color escapes terminal color codes.
Context manager to silence stdout and stderr.
Test package finder priority.
= rc params
Markdown processing.
Return True if valid abd naming pattern else False.
Return the passwd digest if available.
r 64 - bit operation
Returns the current libvlc compiler.
Get words from a lemmas dictionary
A directive that parses the autohelp directive.
Square root of Ring - p1 for num in x
Wrapper function for get lum series.
Extend the given year spans with spanlen characters.
Check if we are already listening on a port.
Test for error on file to file links
Step 1a function for word suffixes
Open a file and return a file object
. requote ( uri )
Get metrics for a given rectype
= mpstate
Loop polygon complex and get convex segment.
Find the position of the last string in the line and return it.
Create image tag
Find all fiducials for a subject
Return a label for the task.
Convert a BSON document to a dictionary.
notify user of unfavorite change
Filter a list of dictionaries by key and value
Type test.
Bessel filter.
Exit if node is not a master node
Reboot a remote machine
return t
Parse the allowed section of the TCP config file.
( CODESTRING ) )
Configure the local switch.
Converts datetime to cdtf time format
Return a filtered list of images in the provided dictionary
Create a build directory and a pip wheel
ast. lvalue
Delete volume type extra specs.
Parse a header line into a key and a dictionary of parameters.
step ( word )
. values ( )
Get the list of exploration ids subscribed to a user
fresnelc Zero Indicator
Copy glance metadata from a snapshot to a volume.
return t
Check if all paths are available
Delete a bridge on a interface
Create a topic subscription for pushing messages to the server.
Return True if name points to a tar file.
Test filter for maxwell filter
Send email notification when user changes email
). path
Return True if the episode with given id exists.
Rotations must return the same rotation
Validate a file against a schema.
Computes the cosine of a finite series.
Get or create config location
Recursively decodes a python object
Get all services for instance.
Check all source files contained in paths.
advanced induction with subtensor 1
Convert from xywh boxes to xyxy boxes
Get the outer loops from a list of loops.
aws keys tests
Enable or disable virtual SSL extension.
Parse a link id from a dict
( vni )
Return a dict of files for all given packages.
Annotate a text with a video clip.
Get the model context.
Fetch vdi for a given image
- num )
Get the lang dict for a certain type.
Try to guess the type of a field.
Create and initialize the bind completion model
Try to find the location of the SSL certificate.
Generate a colormap.
Return the certificate path for the given ca name
Generate an id from a path.
Allow user to change their own password
Find a review request object by id.
Parse the JS progress bar.
Make a CTF compensator from the given information and coils
. newline )
Get the arguments from the command line
Convert a hex integer to bytes.
stop tracemalloc
complete lineage on y
Return the mode of the named quota
Get all lines that start with a given prefix
feature contains a feature name description and scenario name
Show a single message
Check if entry point is valid.
Install a package and make sure it is editable.
Connect the onboarding task to the first event of the group
) return self
reset ( ) )
Joins two paths.
Daemonize a worker
Renames a process
Initialize a DynamoDB DynamoDB instance.
Extract zip archive into target dir
write a file to a user s incrontab
convert hdf5 file to bokeh rgba list
Output the graph as an HTML file.
( HTTP )
( mc ) )
Copy ssl options to the option location
or { }
Log an exception callback.
Decode nas from str encoding.
Download url and return file content.
Adding the enterprise url to the request
Check if a string is an int
Convert a row to a polynomial
Make sure string is utf8 encoded bytes.
Return a list of available sizes.
Decode a string according to RFC 2231
Delete QoS specification specified by its ID.
Unzip a file.
Validate a config dictionary
Add basic options to an option group.
( ) ( str )
Create https certificates
Create a URL with the given parameters.
. local )
Convert a key value to a reference value.
( src path )
List all meters in a project.
Load local variables from a file.
Get file or directory types without words.
Disable updates for the duration of the context manager.
add a bottom loop to a set of loops
Setup the library.
Convert naive datetime to naive datetime.
Run a function using fcgi
Get the type of the transition given the temporal imp
Load images from a file in MNIST format.
Test event collection with single dash.
one + two )
Serialize a sequence of Python objects into a YAML stream. If stream is None return the produced string
Testing function.
Delete a draft
GNB test with a default set of priors
) return url
Get all active contexts
Add a square to the dictionary.
Parse the add subcommand.
Return a fixed row joined by joiner.
Redo the last undone changes
Combine a list of addresses into a single list of address ranges.
Return the version of nftables
( str )
Return true if systemd is in a running state
Add SSH public keys to your remote machine
Return all returner jids from the returner
Check in files by user
Only allow args to be specified.
Test generate context.
Check if a pyconfig file path is in file paths.
Corrects a single font according to its source and unhinted names
Get image properties table
List all nodes in a datacenter
warn or raise a warning.
Quote a string for use in shell commands
Returns the merged cells XML block.
Setup ocean light.
Check required module dependencies
Check if all users are on a specific site.
Computes the inverse of vectorized matrix.
Remove paths older than mtime
Creates a task that will install a docker plugin package from the current directory
Create an expected data frame for factor computation
Read cache entry from file f.
Get fields for a given model sorted by name.
Expand a nested dictionary.
Return the loaded configuration
Add a track ID to the tracklist.
Build a traversal spec.
Roc flux reduction
Check if a name is peered on the minion
Builds a subclass of type
threads page for a forum
Raise exception from environment if error found.
Remove a package from the server
( '.' ) )
( num ) )
Send email confirmation for user if email is not verified
Get logical line from logical start and logical end
Called when settings is closed.
Test the projection function from pix2 sky with pytest pytest.
Insert a path into sys. path if not already there.
Return a table for the given resource
Get jinja environment with jinja2 loader.
Render to response with the best match.
render sparktext with shifted values
expr expr expr expr p. expr expr
Returns a dictionary of template field names and their getters.
Validate a list of preference tags.
Partially compare two paths.
Serve a file from the git repo
Rename the named file
Start OAuth authorization process
Convert string to unicode string.
Compile multiple sources.
Run a python script within a context and remove the temp directory afterwards.
Update volume attachment fields. Volume attach status.
. dev2 )
Nuke a Swift connection
Parse a patched email message.
Calculates the voronoi for a given point in a loop
List launchd containers
Validates a path as a bool
Get the current evennia version.
( )
labeled statement
element node )
return True
PAGING REQUEST Section 9. 2. 5
Test get locale from lang
Show a diff dialog and check if the dialog was accepted.
Return True if dn1 == dn2 False otherwise
) : pass
( '-' )
) / ( num - num )
SVM test procedure to check the decision function
Acquire a permit permit for num available PIDs.
Get dashboard stats for last week
Get text feedback from the browser.
Create a new bookmark collection.
Test the gradient
Send a message to an XMPP recipient.
Display a 2D numpy array as an image
Create a RabbitMQ client and connect it to the given exchange.
firewalld service
Check if a directory contains any files
Get url for a website.
True ) or False
Add a user to the database.
Execute a query into a hash
Run command line utility.
Get a specific field from a multiline string
Temporarily capture stdout of a stream.
Checkout the current branch
tag the image with given repository
Update a quota class.
Get object or raise http404.
of ceph
Return set of all roots of the given paths that are found in base paths.
Writes a text file to the output.
Test adasyn with bad ratio
Write server password
Run tests with a script and a submodule.
Get unallocated keys from usage string
Mocks a secure POST request to a URL.
( obj )
List the bridges connected to the remote host.
Get the username from getpass.
Split a string into a path and file name
, elementnode )
Detects logos in an image.
Check if we can connect to the given ip and port
Generate a set of gradients from the hemisphere of a sphere
flocker remove
LOCATION UPDATING ACCEPT Section 9. 2. 7
of the shell
Get image id from S3
Load plugins from a given path and environment.
Check mail for this stream.
Prune dirs matching the clutter glob pattern.
Extract allocations from a JSON body
( )
Sleep for a period of time.
Return the number of parameter banks of the device.
Displays whether remote events are currently enabled on the machine
Get print z
Encrypt text with ssh public key.
Ignore some headers from the request
Abort with a status code.
Create a new user account with the provided email address.
Return kodi frequency or number depending on pi version.
Update index for a unit in the unit index.
return plugins
Test crossentropy on a GPU with bias dx
Generate code with some placeholders in it.
Load an IPython extension to the given ipython context.
Check if dict superset contains all keys from subset
Return the log format for the specified server
Converts symbol to video format.
Update the nomination timestamp for the instance based on the last version installed and the addon status.
Check copyright.
Output thread loop.
node node2
Get all fieldsets for a review request excluding the main and change entry only settings.
Returns an authorized HTTP session for the given credentials. If Google auth is installed returns Google auth otherwise
Add ETag to response if available.
Run a job and return list of job execution events
Partition a dictionary into two dictionaries based on keys.
Return list of data files to search for.
C ++ fat library builder.
Deactivate all translations
Quantize color to RGB and return as tuple.
Return the body of the response.
Find the min score in a list of scores
Generate a word relationships document.
Delete a task in a location.
Get the size of an entry in bytes
Check if text has ajaxcrawlable meta.
Parse a schema resource.
smart text check
or { }
] [ 0 ]
Clean up all generated js and js files.
Return config keys
Get unicode stream.
Sync user email with user email address if email is provided and user. email is not already in
Finds executable in a given path
Get all tags for a resource instance or node
Converts a PIL image to a wx image
Invalidate parser cache by path.
Get number of GPU devices
Check if this is a valid symbolic link.
Loop and radius find the largest inset
) run ( )
Compile all registered mappers
inverts an image
Verify that the design document matches with the design document. If it does not exist create it.
Choose a number of lines from a string.
. ndarray )
name )
Queue and interactive tab navigation
Cron function for updating Google Analytics metrics.
get fs size information
Configure the firewall.
Return a unique global variable.
import exploitable modules
Returns the block device information.
Set the copyright and license of the builtin module.
Return a string indicating the maximum variance of a variable.
) Create a extension
Boolean type check.
convert list to bin string
Create a descriptor system with mocks.
Add cdpaths to a set of paths based on the prefix.
Allows to call the check_owner method on a permission set.
Interpret size string.
Provide metadata for a SQLAlchemy function.
Set the DHCP DNS configuration for a network interface
Get a user name that is specific to this system.
Retrieve listing content type from request.
Convert datetime to epoch nanoseconds
Compare two cryptovariables for equality.
Prompt the user to select from multiple options.
Parse tcp line and return dict with connection info.
Compute DH for given kex algorithm.
) : return
Remove project files.
Determine the user agent to use.
rebuild wiki pages
Test for the futuretime of a frame with astropy warnings
Generate a random text.
= user )
Compare two values in constant time.
Main entry point for the cli.
Format value with arg as a string.
Get full path to test fname
Return the average weight of a path.
Selects an entry point which prefers xmodules over others.
Decode a thumbnail from the thumbnail list
) main loop
Add a task to the buffer that increments by one.
Get quote by time and nick
if v else None
Test config and capabilities.
Get reverse primer sequences from mapping fp.
Convert a set of ISO 639 language names to ISO 639 language codes
Returns the contents of a file or a string as a paste.
Generate a RWX command string for mode.
Create groups after migration.
Try to guess what the file has to be opened for reading.
Create a named role
) is not None
Train a model using flattener layer state separation
Discover tellcore devices from the given configuration
Post process a group event.
Print out an error message and raise an exception.
Return a dialect function based on the given name.
Remove a service or check from the module.
Set up the plugin options.
Returns a list of loop layers
+ '.txt' )
Get the local attribute value string from an attribute string
Convert an image to PIL. Image.
Create an array of table type from a multidim ndarray
) return num
return a list of serials of a SQLite database
Modify an existing profile.
Return current user if authenticated otherwise None
Copy the app backup files to a GCS bucket.
, num )
Create subsystem type instance for given subsystem type.
Lock the minion in a non - blocking manner
Generate test coverage flag.
Get a value from the datastore
Delete image property
Delete a logger by name
Strip ansi escape sequences from a string.
Return a tuple of lists of shape.
Check whether SSH connection can be made to the given host.
Set the configuration data directory.
Run the screensaver on the command line
Check if a minor version is supported on a device
Bootstraps a bot.
Start a VM on the cloud
Migrate a task from a producer to a destination
s plugin
Main function of this script
Test that pip can be used to download packages
Get distance to line between begin and end.
Returns the color difference between two strings.
Get the location of the given object alias.
Show an error message dialog
Sample with edited nearest neighbours
Yield n rows in a table.
Display IPv4 addresses as ascii strings
Start the task.
Find the set of top topic IDs in a segmented topic list.
Merge two dicts.
Convert RGB color to HSV.
Initialize a job with a test directory
Test formatting of configuration.
List the path traversal from a string.
Get crafted text from gcode string.
Get a flavor by its id.
A wrapper around json. dumps that uses cls = json
Install a package using pip.
Add a new group.
Get CPU times.
describe cache clusters
Test sys. modules encodings
Check the sanity of the config object.
Get a sample of resources from the Harvest API.
Change password of user.
Validate plugin methods against expected methods
Set OpenVZ container content.
Generates a CSR for the given domains.
Get OS ID by sysname release and machine
yields datasets from deployment
Check libcloud and netaddr dependencies
. decode )
Set the state of a package
try to run the named functions on obj
Convert input to unicode if not already.
Enable theme theming in mako.
Load a JSON file from disk.
( args ) )
Get the action from a board and a character.
Run ifconfig on all hosts
Return the disk bus for the given disk dev.
setup traditional switches
Create a widget object.
Return a pretty string representation of any dictionary
tanh reduction op.
print a simple matrix
Unnamed groups in a pattern.
Check if dir is a theme dir.
Calculates the helix complex path for a derivation.
Check if a module is already loaded
Call a function or method with args
Check if a specific method exists
Get a role by name
Move file from src to dest
iter ( iterable )
convert from incremental to useful object
Attempts to locate a file with the given file name.
Execute a runner asynchronous
Return the filesize formatted as a string.
Yield all postfixes of a sequence.
) Get list of profilers.
Check if cuda is available.
Return a dictionary of all objects in the registry.
minimum of count values from a timeseries
Random array with specified shape.
Return a requests session
Check if user has permission for specified document type and permission type
) or [ ]
Create an output object based on the platform.
Creates a new nameserver. Returns True if successful False otherwise
Get attribute of obj.
Hash a string using SHA - 1.
( parts )
ip. run cell ( str )
Spec for retry arguments.
Return plural form of an iterable of objects.
return t
Saves a new model with the given name to the database.
Make a dictionary with information from an ANOVA result.
interface options entry point
One - dimensional log - likelihood function for an observation x and sigma
Return the kth smallest element in the sequence.
print str, str, str
Clone the given datastore query and apply filters and orders
Get all the group names
Check if the major version of the api is supported
min of two variables
process element node by derivation
Parse HTTP header and return ( key value ) tuple.
- 1 ]
Reraise an exception with a new traceback.
subscribe to a document in the tree via ajax
. virtualenv
) return parser
Test the meshdata function with square input parameters
resolve patterns path
Get current inventory from di. main.
Compute target labels for the given rois
Format a float or none into a string
Set a mux value for a libvlcvlm instance.
Base64 encode a string using the standard Python interface.
Add tracks to the tracklist
Cast params values from context according to schemas.
Create a docker client
Compute the multiplicity of candidates for the given number of steps.
or False )
Delete a folder.
Decode a cookie string.
( ) print ( grammar )
Iterate over all tests in a suite.
Returns HTTPS protocol used in requests.
Delete documents from an index.
Check if there is no audit log.
pip install bad algo
Generate a mtime map for the files in the given path map
Find all unittest. test cases in the given package
Copy os. stat from source to destination.
write zone file to disk
+ CODESTRING )
Download filename from Google Docs if it doesn t exist.
Normalize a URI
Returns a sorted list of color names
convert a string to lowercase and strip spaces
Make sure the chain type is a constant
Persist a value in the specified file
Detect the distro for the current platform
Add the module as a dependency
Prints the code of the specified object to the specified file.
Return a random page of rising items.
Create credential resolver for given session.
Get profile user fieldname.
Strips variants from an address.
convert a language string to a locale
Adjust the review count to zero.
Validate the given file.
test html rendered with django messages
Convert an internal datetime to a tuple
Return the string we came from.
Remove sender from connections and senders.
Merge multiple reference sequences into one.
Convert a NumPy array to 2d.
Exports all the URLs for all the tasks specified on the command line
Remove version from href
Send notification after purchase
Verify that a file exists and has the correct extension
Setup the extension
A context manager that temporarily restores warnings state.
Encode unicode data for XML.
Check if a string is positive.
Set the amount of idle time until the computer sleeps.
Parse list of repos from the input module
str in os )
of all users
Get OS release information.
Clean S3 instance
Flatten a nested dictionary
Get default profile image urls.
Reverse the keys and values of a dict
Return a list of reprs for keys matching prefix.
Get the stream from the request
Return a list of chunks of size n for the given axis
Get the value of a which command
Remove the named config
Return True if the given group id or name is an effective group.
return a list of event dicts
Recursively get all server messages.
Transpose x inplace.
) + '_'
Prompt for an admin cookie
Parses a machine name user password port and profile.
( end )
Get style value from element
[ num ] )
Describe a role.
Record a rate limit increase.
Move tables from one database to another.
vereq test if a == b
Return the version of the installed package.
Append raw data to the raw data.
Duplicate a Finite or Quotient
latest major. minor package name
Convert path from ASCII to lowercase.
Cancel a hold on the card
Return whether this is a virtual machine
Create a new lock.
Returns an assignment expression with unlimited number of arguments.
( str )
Find the latest pypi package
Set the hostname for the current environment.
Get the daemon flags from the daemons rc file
inverse of sqrt.
Verify the signature of a certificate
Get a value from a collection.
prepares the apt environment
Convert torrent data from local db to JSON
compute the qth percentile of a
is sorted ascending op
A child process that reloads the application with a file check.
name )
Return the libvirt group and user credentials
of vtk module
Check if value is positive
Setup the connection to the knx tunnel
Block reduction op.
Get zone from available zones.
Render a dictionary with PEP440 values
Returns a list of all design documents the user has permission to view.
encode to base64
Create a new empty database
Calculate the entropy of a frame.
processes an xml element by using the manipulation function provided as argument
, str, str
Removes the given file or directory.
( value ) )
Decorator for voidptr functions.
Clip data with num bases from left to right
Connect to cloud monitoring
Find health check for the wanted object
Generate test files for the given audio files
Wake up a stuck flow.
Get version data.
Return platform name as a tuple.
Parse time format.
get item from database
build graph using khmer.
Connect to facebook graph.
Run x11 using the x11 library.
Round a number up to the nearest number of digits
( CODESTRING )
Renders a critical checks snippet.
Returns the current playlist s info in mpd format.
Normalizes a column so that the absolute value of the median is equal to 1.
Installs all requirements files from the addon
Load the application with the given filename and type.
Update the cloudpipe connection settings.
Return a timestamp from a year month day hour minute and second
Return a list of tracks with the given id
Returns a list of groups the user belongs to.
Determine if a driver is compatible with the given interface.
Test that ASCII strings are valid.
( )
Returns the path of the solrctl executable
Reexec the current python executable
Use the oslo logger.
Verify that a package can be uninstalled from a remote site.
Filter bad releases
Return the image to use for a VM
Find all shows with exact name
Find a ticket for the given bridge
( expr ) )
Return a dict of CGI variables from a parsed URL.
Generate the documentation for a given target directory.
Get the list of files for a given backup
Derivative of Negative operator.
Find a basis for a ring based on a list of Monomers.
Jinja2 caches
( ) )
Returns the image preview for the given preview object
Styles an element.
Sends an event name to the tracker for the given bookmark.
Get the installer name for a module.
Get the current template location.
Gaussian blur op.
Get class and function info from an importlib module.
Bulk fullname serialization format
Test format priority of pip.
Compute the mismatch between two iterables
Use pyopenssl to load a certificate.
List all available snapshots for the given domain
Get the arg spec of the given function
Get all roles for a user
. setup ( )
( )
sqrt reduction op.
Returns a queryset of user attempts for the given username.
Get the absolute number for a given season and episode
Find isotopes of subject in the subject database
Export languages in JSON format.
Ensure licenses are inserted into the database.
Account view.
Reduce a polynomial in place.
Get exif orientation of the image.
Cancel primitive of sympy.
Swap memory for the current process.
Update the ssl config with the values from the ssl module
Short name of a node uri
Execute a command on the remote host.
Clear uuids.
Validate handlers.
Find kernel by path
Create a TCP socket connect to port and return it
Load a statsmodels categorical dataframe.
Creates a file
Runs DSSP to extract a dictionary from a given pdb file.
Chiang et al. f3 algorithm.
Get or create the user secrets manager.
Split a key - value string.
virtualname if virtualname else bool )
Create a directory if it does not exist.
Get the bounds for a list of sizes.
Translates a 3x3 matrix
Rename a cloud image
Start viewer with given filename.
) :
Convert RGB color to 256 colour.
decode address from hex
Wrap declarative classes with instrumented classes.
main entry point for the program.
Get disk size of VM.
Delete neutron and ovs bridges
Upload the report to the given store
[ 0 ] )
Run op on every batch and return the average of the results.
Returns the manual derivative of a sympy function.
Promote latest release item.
). close ( )
Create a cloudpipe project
Make a directory and its subfolders if not already exists.
Get a storage conn
Verify user and redirect if valid.
Handles team discussion activity updates
Request a layer from a config and path info.
Cross fade audio over a period of time
Write a file at the given path.
Generate a random asset metadata object.
Run binskim with the given name and return the result.
Count the number of followers of a user.
User profile view.
Populate collector tables with collector objects from a database.
Import all submodules and submodules recursively.
Get a label for a field name.
test if wrong number of neighbors
Returns the auth module
Remove item from a list
Check if a namespace is visible to current user.
Return a list of lists of raised height
. size )
Serve a directory listing
Set the timezone that the system will use
Return a bugreport for the current application.
( )
monomial pow
get svn revision from django project
Sends a string to a remote machine and prints it.
Higher order function for tracking events related to a task.
Same as django. core. urlresolvers. reverse but adds string parameter to extra arguments
Make a filesystem with the given fs format
List mock games at the given path.
Get a list of valid domains.
Check that all axes are unique
Get virtual interface by uuid and network id
Get resources on service clients
Return absolute path for given relative path.
Return a JSON list of objects in the queryset. You can specify a limit on the number of
Check whether the downloaded file is the same as the complete file
Find disk in libvirt domain.
Encode images with a model
Concatenate url and arguments.
wrapper for get token status
Assign a random category to the resource
Return True if the minion is already installed
Write a fake ring to disk.
print if animal in list
return True
Initialize parameters for the fflayer
Generate project list file.
Get tag name from element.
) Create filter
Create and return an action
return the index of b in a
Parse a signed request.
Merge two dicts.
producer takes an object and a function to produce results
abspath - Returns an absolute path.
Convert a Graph to a list of edges.
Check storage quota.
Update an exploration document.
event. current
AJAX location lookup.
Get the surface ico for a given grade.
Log locator set params
Decipher string using SimpleSub algorithm.
encode a sha object to base64
push raw buffers from ft client to thread
( t ) )
Create a WSGI resource using the current controller.
get page word set
Check if a document has controller permissions on a specific hook.
Add parameters to a query string.
Corrupt a given number of bytes.
Smartly transform a path string into unicode if supported.
Returns a caffe. pb2. net parameter object with num categories removed
Get paths of given item type from given items
( st )
Find path to repository.
Test video embedding.
) should dump processes
Round a rectangle
Get hold of specific pattern in a line
find central directory signature and repair if found.
Updates an image. Image can be purged with v1.
Get field info for a model.
Find the best fitness and quality for a mime type given parsed media ranges.
Get all overrides for a given ccx
Verify that a buffer has the correct checksum
Generates a randomly ordered discrete sequence
Creates a SMTP rule.
Convert seconds to human readable time.
return t
Skip requirements based on regex.
Create a new wrapper for the given model
Generate a unique id for a user.
Show the value of a keypair
Set tags for a node
Virtual machine.
Creates a node with the given arguments
Run Sphinx extension.
Found HTML snippet.
) goal
Convert multidict to dict.
Bind the context to the user gr. context
Minimize the given function using a non - linear least trust subproblem.
( req )
Get client test targets.
Return the i th item in mylist or default if default is none
Permute a list
Create a shared numpy array with num elements and check its type
Load saved SVM file.
= radius )
Kill the old process if it exists
L1 norm of a tensor
URL encode a list of items.
Write an external book relationship to XML.
x % y
Mask time - domain events with a mask.
( CODEINTEGER )
Virtual environment.
Write data to a file.
View for spam monitoring.
add a collar shaft
Convert a name to a slug.
Execute the given plan in the interpreter.
Creates a new node
validate a string or list of strings
URL for xblock local resources
Get the node for the current language.
\ Returns the int64 features for a list of values.
return msg
Create a new url and log it.
returns a boolean geometry from an XML parser
Find human readable labels.
split expr by divisors
Find the maximum number of nodes in a dir list
Hessian of the Rosenblatt transformation.
Remove tags from a string.
Check if device is a valid partition.
Move src file to dest file and create symlink.
Make a rowkey for a meter and rts range.
Get instance tag name.
Get the configuration of the backend
Find a notifier for a property.
Return a list of snippets by file name and function name.
Create a new course
Lift loop into a basic block.
Get the version number of a project at path.
Hash a subtitle file using OpenSubtitles algorithm.
Lookup CNAME record from the DNS table.
Set up the platform.
Run the spm Python module.
Get organisation s street.
Check exclusive options
Run a command on the node
Return information about a certificate
Create a keyset using the sign and verify functions of the keyinfo.
Return whether or not the path is a virtual directory.
Record the result of an exchange exchange.
root mean absolute error
) ( )
Add serializer errors to the field errors.
Build a mapping from initiator to target.
, session )
Return a finder for the given import path.
Calculates the accurate legen lut
Download a file from a URL to a local file
Add a user.
Create a list of slice objects for a range of numbers.
Remove prefix from a string if it exists
Create a temporary file in the same directory as the current file.
Load a database from multiple files.
Get the latest PEP Pages.
Return the cross product of a list of sequences
Unpack quotes from a string.
Fork a new process using subprocess. Popen
Compute a symmetrized decorrelation.
Detach a volume
Read one coil point from hc file.
Generates a random secret.
new )
Create a string buffer of the correct type.
Verify size of data.
Displays the page for the specified module
Generate a warning message for an exception.
Build a MATCH - conditions query for the given doctype
Get spatial info for a given SRID.
Sanitize redirect URLs.
Precompute a set of st st windows.
Average precision.
Clear cache in frappe.
Create a group with the given name and group specs.
Computes the roots of a linear function in a factor domain
a - b
Get downloader speedlimit.
Set the date attribute on the info object.
Check if obj is hashable.
Return sorted list of file extensions
Show Feedback.
Convert a resource to a Variable object.
[ 0 ]
Build wedge text source from a df
Parse a trust root config file.
Print all available commands and their descriptions.
Creates a package folder
Run in interactive mode
return a map of style name to style value for the given node
Create a relation query for the given thing id and name
Get the alias for a class.
). sum
Parse sqlite table schema
Represent an ACL as a string.
Read popular urls from a file and return as list of tuples.
) Commit changes
Windows service enumeration
Follow a dataset.
Get task status from state
Delete a project
Get or create a temporary directory for galaxy test.
, key = bool
Renders a base page redirects to a json page and checks that there is no popup for
) return gid
Destroy an instance and any of its cells.
Directive for retrieving the API version
) or None
Return makefile filename.
Return a technical 500 error response
Generate a sequence of numbers starting from i.
Given a soap message and a content type and an envelope collapse the envelope into a soap message with
Tear down test database and cache databases.
Flatten a nested dictionary
if obj else value
Get package data.
wrapper for blade library
Convert a string to a format.
Get loops in descending order of area
Replace doctest symbols with their unescaped versions.
View public emails.
Generate a version 3 UUID from a namespace UUID and a name.
switch a runtime variable.
Replace opts with value in doc.
= True ) return
Measure the size of tables
Returns the path to the head of the git repo.
penntreebank = None
. lstrip )
If the document has a status field set the corresponding field in the parent doc to the status of
Groups tokens in tlist by matching groups of cls.
Get the minimum of two complex numbers
massage metakeys of dict with prefix prfx
Sample num values from a 2d or 3d distribution
Display list of songs.
) return True
is mapping is mapping is not empty string
Copy or rename a transcript
Check if the name contains any of the characters in safe chars
Set http global variable and get http wrapper.
Return data to redis
Check command line arguments
Extract i18n command line options.
new )
Return the tag of the current version
Writes a text file to the output.
Verify that the named entity is present.
Send a signal to the remote host
Dedent the first n characters of a string
Get a Spacewalk session.
get rdbms manager class from django engine
Show the details of a specific instance
Get a random time for a cron job
Profile a block of code.
Make a temporary file name.
Check the auth identity list and periodically check identities.
Return gens of a given poly that are gens of a given symbol
Find a host by its uuid on the source host
Compare list of optimizers
Service stack and receive messages
Creates a deferred class for the given model and list of attributes
Unpack the given CLI argument and value and emit a response.
Split digest auth data into a list
Test filter for vertical vertical integration.
Update an instance in the database
Validate a dictionary of config values.
requesting user
Virtual environment.
( ) yield runner. output
Show all assigned orders statuses and filters
Parse file contents and evaluate it as a check node.
Clean multiline string by removing trailing separator.
Validate args against argmax.
. encode ( )
Test length of a bootstrapped array
Copy volume glance metadata to a snapshot
Return a dictionary of mount points
Get btrfs info.
Test that bases win over dependents
Return build platform
) return difference
update field values in a set of fields
Check size of file or directory.
Get details for etag.
. run ( )
Get the closest surrounding loop to the current location
A deferred column.
write unpaired sequence files
Given a BeautifulSoup object generate a page toc.
Try to guess database name from given file name.
Same as re. compile but takes unicode pattern as input
Get the version of a bcaddress
Convert string keys to integers in a dict
creates a user account
Manages file mode on the local or remote machine
, str )
Returns all ancestors of given role
Initialize and test cookie jar.
Decrypt data with AES.
Load the results directory from the package directory.
Return the outgoing url if it is a redirect URL.
Get all comments
Split a list into n sublists.
list, blocked )
Processes a bitmap file.
Demangle a filename and return a tuple of the demangled name and mode.
congestion control Section 9. 2. 5
Return the interface of the host.
Calculates the GC content of a sequence
rule factory.
). uri
Join paths in a safe way.
Return the Reynolds Number for a given list of codons.
Return best fitness and quality for mime type based on parsed ranges.
). demographic
add dicts by key
Performs subdomain checking on the parsed args.
Check if user is all tenants
decrement any number in a tuple
Context manager to temporarily change context mode.
Plot a scatter plot with random color on each dimension
num num num )
Return a matplotlib patch for the given rectangle.
Send rapidsms message to backend
( alarm ) )
import numpy as anp assert ( g ( module = np ) is bool )
Get a photometer by name
Associate a reserved IP to a pool
Add menu and menu entities to menu.
Check lrc.
Generate a paginated API response
Create a coordinator and start it.
Return netbsd gpu data
( False )
Reload lettuce with a traceback.
( component ) )
Disassociate a list of stagekeys from an api key
Transform an explike to a differential polynomial.
Open a local file or URL.
Compares a python version with a python version.
) return True
attach issue custom attributes
Get the script name from the WSGI environment.
Sprot search.
Create new database site.
Maximal percent encode text.
) : yield recommend
User saved signal handler.
Get players from a JSON file
= True )
, str )
) + epoch
Main entry point for the httpd server.
Get the default timezone
Convert a relative URI to a base URI.
Remove a key from a dict if its value is a string.
Generate a meeting link.
Get a VM reference from its name
Load gradient boosting model.
Send confirmation email for preregistration
Search wiki for query.
Returns a list of handler classes.
add mkfs options to the mkfs option dict
Validate uniqueness of the field
expand vars in str with pattern p
Ensures that a context attribute exists. If it does not then the default value is used.
Predict the stream for a given predictor.
Return the synopsis of a Python module.
Check if a short number is a possible number for a region.
Disables sys. excepthook by temporarily disabling it.
Detect the operating system
Calculate the normalized brightness error between two images.
Redirect to str n times.
Branch a list of results and return the result.
Return device type from input model.
Get a list of positional or keyword arguments for a function.
Test operator export.
Check if a function contains a softmax function
Update viewer with a batch of data.
process element node by derivation
Convert a size string to bytes.
Return True if this module should be skipped.
Sends an email using Gmail
are not equal ( None, None )
Audio left and right operators
Install the gtk2 reactor
Convert a string to bytes
Strip HTML tags from metablock statements.
]. value
Source tmux files.
Create a base64 encoded artifact string.
Login as the given user.
Ensure that the named identity is absent
Delete a scan
Get the surrounding loops for a given loop and remove them from insides.
Get inventory data from inventory URL or inventory URL.
Return the most popular group.
Get IO usage of a network interface
Convert stuff to unicode if it s not already.
Convert path to bytes if necessary.
Get version from installed package information.
Return the distutils version
Create a subprocess with the given cmdline.
Load the certificate and keypair from the given paths.
( derived ) )
Return a list of users in the database
Evaluate a space with the given hp assignment.
Show the details of an existing snapshot
Displays whether the restart is enabled.
Generates a symmetric polynomial over the specified number of gens
numpy. farray wrapper for numpy. carray
Convert val to twips.
Convert tags to proper format.
Get the node for the current language.
Get epochs for the given raw data file
Downloads and encodes an HTML file from the given URL.
Get the nth zero element at a specific rank
Extract a value from a SNMP response.
Validate that value is a string type.
Iterator for GPI XML elements.
Generate a proto for the given file or URL.
Test if command output contains text multiple times.
Update a group type
Create or return existing address.
Extract the unfinished word from a line of text.
Return list of kwargs from options. list kwargs.
Get a list of languages and akas for a movie
( ) main ( ) Main function.
Test that we ignore apps if the apps argument is passed
Check if a URL has an explicit scheme.
When undefined behave as step fails
Setup logging module.
Quote unsafe characters.
Default redirect handler used in S3 redirects
return dot mavproxy directory
convert volume uuid to ec2 vol id
XORs two byte arrays
Return the full path to a file if it exists and if it exists and is a file on
Return a list of command strings.
= str )
return a pretty - printed sentence
List the runners loaded on the minion
Disassociate a profile from a role.
Shortcut for the litecoin command.
List all profiles in a directory.
Delete a metadef property.
Add docker image and volume to container
Check if this is a virtual machine.
not in agent )
Expand environment variables in path.
Recreate all instances in a model
. bear_names
Return the length of a base64 string s
Encode a value with base58check
When a video is resized delete the video
Validate a password against the provided list of password validators.
Generate XML testsuite from testcase
Build a dict stubbornly updating keys in arg
. id
) is True
Get the signatures of the code lines where the cursor is in brackets.
List tables in a dataset.
Show key in chassis.
Configure the alarms platform.
Get the path to a module or package by module name.
Find maximum line length.
Fetch the given url and return its content.
Replace variables with their value.
Test that matplotlib doesn t use stdlib collections
Return the kurtosis of the sample a.
Get a course by its identifier
Start babysitter.
Return whether the minion is a virtual machine
= working set. build master.
Injects network into file system
copy mobsf local config file
Create a table of type t.
Test service schema.
Test specifying features in inner directory.
convert hyperopt to meijerg
Check if path is entirely inside loops
Check if the method exists.
Create random bytes and write to stdout.
Run a query against the database
Install nodejs from source if not already installed
( x )
Get size of downloaded url in ytid.
Set the configuration parameters for the host backend.
Clone a repository
Check redundant virtual expressions.
) test ( )
Prompt for a folder name and ask for an account
Create a multiprocessing pool with a default number of threads.
List all available commands for a user
return 0
Load example module
( x ) )
Convert a listlike object to a timedelta64 object
Convert a bool to a bitarray
Return a string that summarizes the alignment.
Pad labels for 3d logits to labels size.
[ k ] ]
Parse a path expression.
Callback for setting a ports option.
Get a ssl adapter class by name.
Instrument the mappers if a new mappers configuration is available.
value ) % arg
macroexpand char in tree with reader
Raises a value error if str is not equal.
Get the city code from a request.
Parse a cisco file and print all its crypto maps.
Return the mid component of a URL.
Returns the CCX object for the given coach and course otherwise returns None.
[ 0 ]
Updates the package database
Ensure this vm has the correct host
Force a string or unicode object to bytes.
Remove role from user.
Render a page that does not exist
Build an image using matplotlib.
Cinderinder except format
Open a web browser and log in to a web page.
Split a title into title and year.
Return the hyperbolic sine of a number at a given point
) Format number
Template tag to allow unlimited number of arguments.
Least common multiple of 2 surfaces
Build a HTML page from the classified text.
Fit connectivity matrix to samples samples
Profile a single pooling function with num trials
Get html of a element by css selector.
. contributor )
Primitive operator.
for collections
Start a web server.
Get the request body.
Expression name ( t )
) % max value
End of list command.
Get a list of all roles.
( None ) )
A simple JSON response handler
Return a dictionary of module names to module paths contained in the given full path.
( str )
( data )
Ensure that the named bridge does not exist
make sure that the default locale is used
Parse usage specific data.
for this project
Get available languages for a given string.
Execute shell command hook
Save the current state of the minion
Unpack zipfile filename into extract dir
Execute a function on a list of objects in parallel.
Stop the named service from running
Creates a new PostgreSQL user
normalize formset dict
Return a human readable string from start to end.
Return current user s nickname as string.
Computes the HMAC signature for the given message and secret.
Return file information from osquery
resize a bitmap to a given height
Get python source code from a list of paths
Returns a connection object to the nova DB.
Create gax logging API wrapper
Attach task statuses to a given field in the queryset
Finds harris points within a given distance threshold from a harrisim.
AES decrypt wrapper
Initialize database and check for uniqueness of the file type.
Upgrade a bill
Get the current window position.
Update an image member.
Remove a slave device
return 0
Convert dict to idict
Returns the monitoring info for a given virtual machine. A VM name must be supplied.
Run cmd in the directory cwd
Generator for platform files
Clustering clustering.
make base dir if not exists
Get a local random number generator instance.
Pick channels by inverse operator.
Delete a group.
Dereference a type from a string.
Return a rainbow colored string
Write Python code object to a file.
Check whether a number can be dialled overseas.
Return a right - low - cholesky decomposition of a right - low - cholesky
Delete a namespace record
Test that the image is horsey.
Start a proxy server
Return a list of points along a great circle path.
Test that the jinja template is not available.
Remove quotes from a string and return the result.
for num in range
Read file contents.
Entry point for the script.
Get dropbox folder path
Test loading of default task type.
Return a template instance for the given value.
Computes the Chebyshev distance between two points.
Check if the named service is enabled
POSIX to ldml converter
Test for the gas cost of an EIP150 opcode
Select a node from a list of nodes
Get datetime format for given locale.
Extract args that are valid arguments to a function
Show template if cached page.
Serializes an event to a simple event dictionary.
Store rendered templates in the store
Make a test environ builder.
convert an input file to a hex file and write to out
Invert the monoms of a point.
( CODESTRING )
plus DM
Get all files in a directory and its subdirectories.
Parse asynchronous operation result from HTTP response.
sslwrap wraps a socket with an ssl. ssl object.
Add a help page for the specified URL.
( str ) ]
Get contrast indices for effect idx
Return platform info as a dict
Return a list of elements for a resource.
Get example filenames.
Flattens a nested list.
Get the total number of cells in inline admin form
get parent theme name by it s name
Validate image metadata.
Return a runner for the given command line.
Find dumb path among challs.
omni normtest tests the normal distribution of resids
Return whether the terminal supports color.
Generic setup procedure for all platforms.
Get repository metadata by changeset revision and repository id
Create a thread with the given name and connection.
Parse an expression from a string.
Return a test suite with all the test suites included.
Log the request headers
L21 norm of matrix
Install a python implementation
Move files from source to destination
Run the Pa11y test suite.
Create a pool
Unquote a string.
_errors )
Make an entry with a label
Convert string to unicode if not already.
Manage import files changes.
Apply functions from a list of tokens.
Create a networkx graph with one scope and one action context
unfollow a thread
multiply num by two
Recursively copy contours of component to parent.
Get security group ID from security group name
List of boolean options
Returns a truncated tetrahedron graph.
List all available nodes in the cluster
counts the number of times np. digitize x with v
Pull a github issue from Bokeh.
Run migrations online.
) umount path
Return the rejection line of a fisher population.
Test masking layer.
) return xml element
= exploration )
Set up the tv platform.
Get email date from local time.
Convert password to dictionary.
Set console mode for given file descriptor.
Makes a HMAC - SHA1 for poisoning report
Detect if a code string is in the code.
Subset is not allowed
[ str ] )
) first ( )
Prompts the user for input and coerces input.
Return a random integer in [ start stop )
Return a tuple of row col abs value and whether or not the cell contains the absolute value
Run the CAPTCHA test and print the result.
Get the status of the engine and all spiders.
Deletes a playlist by its name.
Create index if it does not exist
Migrate non shared libvirt disks
Parse expression and return the expression.
Like timesince but returns a string measuring the time until the given time.
Return a SQLAlchemy session maker for the given engine
( not excludes )
Get public certificates from the node.
Download a corpus from nltk
Get media path for given instance and media filename
Parse DC XML file.
namespace a key and value to the request object
Construct the name of a volume.
Inject coverage path if needed and run command.
Download ssl and socket from urllib3
. over18 )
Create a new figure manager with a single figure
( yield each )
create path if it does not exist
Add an ACL to a bucket.
( integer )
Computes the footprint of the given object
Send a message to Kafka.
Recursively replace tvars with args
Trigger a build
Generate the nonce key for the given server url and timestamp.
args. install )
( acl ) )
Get timestamp from base
Returns a random color that is ready to be used as a mark.
= sys. stderr
explorations )
Create a TCP connection to the given destination pair
. logger
Get replication group host.
Apply a decorator to a function.
Build a full URL from args and kwargs
Returns the rastrigin scaled version of an individual
Generate a URL from a function argument.
Return code and stride for freqstr.
Search for a media item.
Convert Python objects to SQL objects.
Matrix multiplication with a right hand side.
Get a pickleable exception from an exception.
Skip text selection if the clipboard does not support selection.
Computes the dot product of two vectors.
Check localization of strings
Get the poster of the video
Returns a tuple of global dict and a dict stack containing local variables.
Compare two URIs.
Check if the package needs extra requirements.
Get multiprocess backend for specified file
Convert string to unicode if Python version matches
Get all sources for a zone
Compare two revisions.
determine whether two matrix are disjoint
) return generate ( )
Returns a list of steps with a patched timeline
Add a certificate exception for the student at the specified course
Set up the platform.
Initialize the socket
convert index to left polar representation
Get the resource limits from the environment and return it.
Read data from a file and return a table and rate
Condition function used to condition the function argument
Add sensors and piggy banks to the platform
Single Moving Average
p expr binary
Get the auto login status of the host
Monkeypatch tarfile. copyfileobj
Generate html file from yaml data
Ensures ssl context is properly set up for local host
Add a product to a store.
Check mayavi version
Get all remote urls for apps
Main function that runs the projection program
) return default timezone
datetime to string
notequal )
Get non intersecting line from intersection path
Set system info
Find all references of a field in a table.
Get a logging handler.
sql update sql )
Loads a sprite image
shelter type command
Get padding type for the given kernel and input shape
Return a list of directories where to search for config files.
( 4 ) )
Get the complement of a string.
Convert expiration to a number of seconds.
aws environment variable
Disconnect from facebook
Trigger a frappe. utils. scheduler. event
unpack a directory to extract dir
Generate verification key.
Set OS and version
Return True if the message should be kept for the given account.
Stack max function.
, encoder )
Metric init.
Get rotation angle in degrees from a string or number
Wait for the datastore or bigtable to be ready.
Sample a 2D function from a 2D distribution.
Compare two strings in a bundle.
Run pylint on a file
Revoke admin privileges from a user.
Returns a CSR object based on PEM text.
Add a prefix to each line of a string
Create a network
Unexpo is used to un - exponent a fraction.
Get version from Python source code.
Evaluate a cond expression
) or False
get mock root dir
dayofweek == 0 means Sunday whichweek 5 means last instance
Resolve version from GitHub API.
Open a log file.
Return the timestamp for the next month.
Register a hook handler.
Try to detect screen size of the current page.
write a html file to outpath
( daily )
Resolve function name from spec
labeller ( num ) str
Set virt path.
fetch only if grains are greater than num
Add a new access token to the account
Get current babel locale.
) or none
Convert a shape to a geometry.
) or 0
log - mean exp of a tensor.
% version ) set le script version
Return the minimum distance from a point to a surface
Get the penalty string for distances.
Set subtensor of constants if it is set.
Build ad group ad operations from a list of operations.
( False )
Create a patch viewer for a given batch.
Performs a binscope run and returns the output
Main function for running ninja ide
) ( review )
Parse a date string.
Convert JSON data to list of plays
List role policies.
Send inventory to the client
. test_result
Convert a title to a URL.
Processes an email message
Make a kickstart. floppy file and return its contents.
Expand escape sequences in paths.
Print a doc message
Join a channel
Build a filter using the first num parameters of the filter.
Filter the verbosity based on the index and verbose value
count the number of times each word occurs in the document.
Returns the feincms breadcrumbs for the given page
Return the current user ID
Get affected packages.
Check the strength of a password.
Runs the network and writes rows to CSV.
Create serializers for the given transport
Authenticate using username and password.
Get translation project dir.
write a single line from a fasta file
Choice op.
Python - > pythonic long join
mean square between pred and true in both.
Redirect with an url
Mock event notification.
Print result to stdout
Connect to a cloudwatch instance.
Find sr by vbd ref
Encodes a crawl response block.
return synonyms of fontext as str or tuple.
Least - squares version of WTA algorithm.
isoinfo )
Load user config file.
) is scalar zero or nan
Return the path to the data directory.
) Virtual environment
Test abort exception decorator.
Protect a filename by appending str to the end if it contains characters in protectables
Make a directory if it does not exist.
Echo all methods and functions of a class
Return a database connection
A fast exponentiation helper.
Write data to stdout if quiet mode is on.
Return the zone code from the system.
Show information about a network
Wrap a clause in parens
Test sky2 pix projection matrix
Check if a string is a valid MAC address.
A generator function for listing versions in a bucket.
Update all uuids to ids
Check if given command is executable.
Get details about a function.
Parses the given code and returns a parse tree
Make relative path from config dir to filename.
Calculates the sum of a list based on its mean
Return a list of members of a group
Return a list of table names
Construct a multiple sort query from a list of sort parts
Export a request string as an HTML page.
Remove a file or directory.
Add threads args to argparse.
Check if a node exists.
Return a list of solvers that are installed.
Returns a dict with data for student admin section
downscales the convolutions by using a dowscale filter.
. exit_code
Determine the object associated with the given service and resource.
Return list of directories in sys. path
Get pickled exception.
Get version from init file
Return the number of bezier curve points
( chart ) )
) + '/'
List all nodes on the cloud provider.
Render the tabs for an S3 object
Ping external URLS when an entry is visible.
) return finder
Equivalent to pillars except that it includes modules
remap vbd dev if xenserver. remap is True
Add a bootstrap class to the field
Replace placeholders in text with corresponding values.
Delete the cloud loadbalancer matching the given regex.
) database ( )
Generator to check whether a line is not a string
Add a new author to the copy.
Print exception with optional indent
Update a counter.
Call a method on a topic multiple times.
) return
Returns a deferred that will fire with an error if an integer is out of range
Calculate and assign crowding distance to individuals
( instance ) for dictionary in ordered
( spider ) )
Parse args and kwargs template tags.
Decorator for update wrappers.
Set the current namespace.
Convert a string to a slice function.
Call a proxy command if it exists.
Aggregate two objects.
Return a navigation line.
Get a word from the dictionary at the given position
Parse mua id details
Generator for all style files in style dir
Send ARP packets with ethernet encapsulated.
Add positions to event collection.
Extra payload to be sent to the API
Validate locale and return it.
Duplicate a polynomial division.
Delete a file or directory.
Escape a string for use in shell commands
Return whether this is a virtual machine
True if feat with given title exists.
Track memory usage of the current process
Load a certificate request.
List virtual machine details
Extract identity response information from the packet.
non sum one raises value error
Print a runner summary.
Unparse a URL from a tuple.
Tests authentication with the passed credentials
Count the number of non printable chars in a string
execute shell command and raise error if failed
Wait for websocket path to finish and send random data.
Make a context object.
return cluster. values ( )
Build postprocessors for the given Markdown instance.
Extract JSON body from response
( num ) )
. delete ( )
Converts a POST request to a verb.
Dispatch the request and return the response.
Get the branch name
Return a colored string
) or name
Convert a template and params to a string.
Convert POST requests to HTTP verb.
Return whether the minion is a virtual machine
Sign data with a private key.
Parse a string of options into a dictionary.
Builds a request for the given operation number and data
Plot two scales
) can compile str
Calculate the net size given a mask
Find number in string
List all datacenters for this VMware environment
create new repository
Recursively walk through the class hierarchy of a given class.
Resets the video to its initial state.
type = str )
Compute the length of a tab string.
List not alived networks
Get terminal size
set config and save to config file
) : pass
Decorator to mark functions as unsafe.
parser )
Calls setup hmdevice discovery helper to setup Homematic.
Remove non - string keys from a dict and return the dict.
Extract images from the database before init hook.
Check if input string is a float
Resolves a URL to an absolute path.
Generate password for PostgreSQL PASSWORD command
Pad a list to a max n length
binom test interval function
Resolve subworkflow from deployment dir.
Gather a list of attributes from the specified containers
Fix osmesa gl lib.
Main entry point for the command line script.
Check if the dependencies of the current model are valid.
Check that a value is a valid email addresses
Get all glance metadata for a given volume.
parse union page
Create a new paste
. mainloop )
Get all cohorts for a course
Return proxy details
Attempt to acquire a lockfile temporarily.
Optimizer for zero - sub.
Perform a bootstrap estimate of distribution of distributions.
Remove a file on the system
Return build date
Custom carrier test with a custom language
Return the pkgdb loader for this minion
Zlib encodes input.
Assert that a commit contains all of its direct children and all its parents
Get the result of a function call.
Returns True if at is ambiguous.
Extract block device mappings from properties.
Patches the entire system.
Enable the named vpn.
Dedent a python function and return the interpolated function
Return true if the user is a member of the audience restriction.
Return a disk with given lun id
Extract the ipv4 address from the ipv4 grain
Return mean longitude of perigee at a given Julian date
Resizes the logical volume
Get name of a link
Galois multiplication helper
null javascript catalog page
Post process ckan after request completes
Make output directory if it does not exist.
Render config template and assert it has changed
Validates a password
Check for the presence of a valid fernet key repository
Download url to filename.
Return the number of supplied arguments
Solve a Trig function with domain domain
Check that locale is not in xss
List interfaces for a server
Download log buffer.
Get github email using the access token
. name )
Return True if the named config file exists and is readable.
Check if a RVM is available
Split f * x into fac po and g.
Untag a version string.
Format a number as a string.
Stashes current configuration into a dict.
( arr ) )
Pprint nameless column
List all available regions
Draw a bounding box of the given artist
Get crafted text from gcode text.
Remove all modules from the database
Return whether or not source is newer than target.
Check root user.
Remove a host from the known hosts file
Return True if the given string is an IPv4 address.
Get the column name for a column or column definition
Check header validity.
About page.
Return the triple of a color
for file in file_map )
Get a list of runnable payloads.
Return a list of items limited by marker.
( True )
Indent a bytestring with newline characters.
get rrd data from xen
Uploads the project to the server.
( point ) )
Parse text and generate a window for analysis
( element )
List not joined.
Add build dir to sys. path
- > volume
Build a service manager.
Send a quit message to the user that triggered this trigger
. close ( )
List all files and directories in a directory
Unescape string.
Get the counters of the local network.
Check if current request has associated site theme
Check if dependencies are installed
Paginate queryset.
Run tubes in fastboot mode.
Return a country region and city from a result.
Send password reset notice to user.
complete a filename
Validate font families.
Select a random string from a list of choices.
Set a persistent module in the conf file
List all available stems.
Validate an email address.
checks the given path for the specified number of files
Return data to a column family.
Return True if intlist is a list of ints
Check if two records are the same.
Get the agent check class by name.
get a class by alias
] interactive
Teardown a number of databases.
Get the current size of the terminal
). new
Generate a generalized integer.
Email a progress report to admins.
Use pydoc to print expr with pager.
Get current bidi node for a given template tag.
Get crop geometry of a video.
( str )
Get cloud provider protocol
Generate a tile key for the given tile.
Logarithmic uniform distribution.
Read a secret from a file.
Create a feedback message given a message model
num = num
Prints the thisclass and the self attribute
Create a query string for a privilege or list of privileges.
Rename source to destination.
Get a logger by name.
Disconnect all receivers from a sender with a signal.
Validate a string to a float.
Get search dictionary.
Save image to file.
( ) return True
Extract messages from a source code file.
Check if a header exists in a list of headers.
Check if there are any lingering messages for this resource.
Get all attachments
Return a cell string from a row and column number.
Load data from fixtures.
Parse the encoding of a file.
Add name to level.
Find paths between two list modifications
( path ) )
Attach private projects to a user.
Return a result with links in the folder.
+ str )
Promo image resize with promo uploader
A quadratic tween function that accelerates reaches the midpoint and then decelerates
Add values at a given index.
Check a list of files
Check if a name is a legal base name
Add new task.
Guess the filter table
Produce SAX events from element and its children
return machine attribute dict
URL Quote + url
if d is None
saturation strategy - find node with the most abundant color
( True )
Make a filter for the given parts.
Print x and y if t else num
Connect to a database and query a series of points
Convert a rating property to a field.
) return proc
) + hex
Process an xml element by finding the function and its local dictionary.
Print the state of a given dag
return the hardware address
Execute shell commands and convert output to JSON
return { }
( lock )
Include a template file using Django template loader.
Remove lock file.
Get contact type.
Wipe the specified device
httpd - > httpd
Return a Zookeeper object.
= True )
Register an optimizer with theano. optdb
URL template filter.
brainvision - > brainvision data reader
make morph maps
read a double file as numpy array
raise runtime error if no home directory
delete image with given id
Writes a text file to the output.
= mpstate
is not None
Multiplication and reduce a Fourier transformed by a Fourier transform.
Create user with default groups
NET NET ELU operator.
Tamper the payload with str
Plot multiple images together
Generate a new Repo object and return it.
Need endpoint for dvr needs hierarchical support
Reorder the entries in a topological order.
Yield distributions from zipped pip - style eggs
Instance hardness thresholding with random seed
Create a shared numpy array
, str )
View all entries
File attachment comments.
Real sign of the number
Default function used when no custom function is given
Get the depths of a cluster by adding num to each of its branches
Create a pyramid application with a soap11 soap interface
Encrypt data with key.
Returns a layer from a path.
Start up the specified number of ssh engines on the node
Register a verb with the verbs framework.
suspend to disk
Get credentials from credentials file
Convert an address from binary form into text form.
Deploy the specified file to the running jboss instance
config test function
Dehex a string with the characters \ x00
Load css templates from database
Get editable and non updatable comment fields
Scan and migrate a resource table.
Get the revision number from a git repository.
Return a list of all directories in the specified environment
) return logs
Get the deployment id for an app
Update the unit in the store with the last sync revision
D split op.
Reverse a 128 bit unicode string
Delete a file or directory.
( path ) )
Load data from a Pandas DataFrame.
or os. home
bare WSGI app.
display the parser result on the screen
generator for group significance rows
cpplint
( dash ) )
Command line interface for the git command.
Parse a string and return a struct.
Add a new item.
Get a matrix from an XML element
Apply monkey patches.
Set up oslo messaging if not already done.
Run a check on all the instances of this package
Clear all sample data in this shop
Raise comma and return tuple of start and end position
Get crafted text
Get vmodl type by name
( name ) )
Fetch a URL and return the contents as a stream.
Display an error page using the given template.
Return xblocks which the user has access to
Run a test and wait for its completion.
Return orthogonal sequence.
Creates an option group and adds all options in the group to the parser
Manage permissions for the current user and page
sum the cached tarball and return the hash
, axis )
Delete events from a calendar
Get price in stock and qty from quotation
Format a warning for logging.
Aquire the lock at the given path.
. PicklerModule
Get a Doc object using the given vocab and words.
popular ( type number title )
Symmetric tridiagonal solve
Returns a list of serial ports matching sys. platform glob
return True
Connect to a TURN server.
Destroy a reservation.
Initializes a stylesheet that has already been injected into the profile
Read reject parameters from text file
) - 1
Yield patterns matching the current state of the graph.
of a file
Read a number of bytes from fp and return it as a string.
A p [ num ] = list of lists of numbers
Return the gradient of a function over a vector of length 1
demographic data )
Uploads the package to pypi
Default error handler.
or False )
Read a string from a file - like object.
Remove multiple volumes at once
Validate a value against an opf json schema
Adds a requirement to the list of requirements.
Add a task to a queue.
Load certificate chain.
get layer tuple by name
( stream ) )
). solution
Deserialize a JSON stream to Python objects.
Process element node
else : return str
Decorator for theano. function
Test behave.
Patch search fields on a model.
Simplifies a parser by simplifying its tree.
load config dict from JSON
get netgear device scanner
Create a file if not exists.
)
Make protruding glyphs and save to file
Create a temp adminfile and write to it
Format final exception line for printing.
Initialize the enforcer singleton
Compute a stochastic approximation to a stochastic tensor
wrapper for distro. lsb
Get recently published exploration summaries.
{ }
Create a new index from a pb.
Generate a list of slots based on the period and increments
Load a model with the given name.
Check cron environment variable
Play media list player.
Set version of a template element.
( ) )
Get tricomplex matrix for word permutation.
Calculate the column width for a unicode string.
Returns True if path looks like an XML tool xml.
Import all the modules recursively
Plot a time chart
Look for extraneous whitespace in a logical line.
Delete all cache entries with a given uuid
Delete all pages from a PDF file
resize an image to maxwidth
Get a path from hatch patterns.
[ ] Blockers for a user
. symlinks
Test that the raw data contains the string
oficial
Returns the next URL in the request or none if there is none
Get blob metadata
Get a list of page ids for change advanced settings.
minc )
Split a flag string.
Method that parses the vote_by_user template tag
Convert a value to text.
get xdg dir 1
Compute the log of the difference between two numpy arrays
Check if context is admin context and is not user context.
Run tests in a given repository
Creates a new API Service with the given name and description.
Logout from the session or backend.
Underline a list of sublime regions
Strips whitespace from a string.
Recursively copy source directory to dest directory.
Return the virtual name if it is virtual
Post a spam report to a user
Install a package and make sure it is editable.
Delete the dataset associated with a manifestation
Walk through a JS scope.
Parse environment variable string
Patches response headers.
Set a neighbor out filter.
least common multiple
Convert values to a scalar type if it is scalar.
loop contains point of table in loop
Get a pillar object either from the local pillar cache or remote pillar
). inv
Updates version db.
Add a new server
Escape a string for use in URLs
Lock a document by given username
Post to an EDB server.
apps ( )
Create an example of a tf. sequence. example which is a concatenation of image and image2
try except regression return a except : return num
restrict backward to stc
Upload a new file.
) return edges with normal vectors
Gaussian spline function.
Generate triples for sparse matrix a.
Find all skip methods in a given directory
Check whether a property is decorated or not
Check if 2d null rows exist in a 2d numpy array
Yield egg or source distribution objects
Creates a voucher and returns it.
Get cluster from a datacenter
Find guest by name.
Only set the location if it is not already set
Get all instance types
Clear all sessions that are older than the given max date
Rename src path to dest path.
get tricomplex rotate for word num
Convert text into an opcode.
Disconnect signals from the entry.
Wait for one or more spot instance requests to fulfill.
Return the hash of the file on the Git remote
print str print
Download emoji from github
Return a nmap scanner for the specified device configuration.
Show available forms.
Handles locattr calls for object attributes
Save attachment to filepath.
, unsafe )
( CODESTRING ) )
Return text indented with spaces spaces.
Recursively get all children of obj and add them to lines.
Extract capabilities from text.
ip in hosts )
Is the given ip a public one?
Read a plist from a file or file - like object.
Log a page hit.
Main entry point for the module.
, vera )
Get document by slug and return reason if not found.
Output test output to the log when the process exits
Uninstall a conf module.
Finds shortest path between two nodes
Upgrade volume types.
Calculate the exponential distribution of a set of values.
list topics with prospective search
Return a namespaced object.
Add some extra paths to sys. path
Add two flags
Creates a node.
Creates a cache security group.
Split a test name into a file module and filename.
in request. environ
Plot the boot traces of a tensor.
) % 1000
Send POST request to a URL.
Sort an array using a square sort algorithm.
Wait for queue tasks to finish.
Rehash a file with given algo and blocksize.
Run pip in verbose mode.
Create a string representation of the extras
Release a media player input.
Combine multiple details elements into a single details element.
Convert argument to column.
Flush the data from the specified table
Get the current window size
Compute epoch offset from Win32 epoch time.
Converts a datetime object to a nice date string.
DETACH ACCEPT Section 9. 2. 5
Load a QImage object using qtlib.
Split text by shell - like syntax.
if system else [ ] )
Return True if name should be visible.
Listing of a topic in a product.
Get proxy info from environment variables.
Set utime of a file to desired time
Return the full path of the xtool
Check for an existing dataset.
) return test
, str )
Check if a condition is met for a given object
hospital in US.
Post order the nodes in a list
Reset user password
Return the signature of the OAuth request.
[ expr ] return
Test that strings are lexed correctly.
Process tools argument
Return a list of ips for host
Get the weather for a location
Get metadata from a file using regular expressions
2D discretize 2D discretization.
Turn flags on and off
Get artist by id.
Ping the remote server
Get link line for specified line
Subtract a term from an array.
Consume messages from kafka
Test vector reparametrization with bernoulli
Context manager to temporarily suppress pending warnings.
( )
Test ctor with keyword args
Return list of names
Wait until the specified build is available.
Format an IP address.
Check if x is hashable.
Parse sudoku grid assignment.
Check the number of files with the same base name as the compiled file
Wait for a machine to reach a network address.
Context factory.
Refine expr to its transpose if assumptions say so.
Associate a profile with a role.
Connect to ec2
Process else function
Filter out tags that are not insignificant.
Generate a signed JWT using the service account file.
Get VMDK size and properties for an image.
Get field with path.
get args from command line
Get a varint from the cache otherwise generate one.
Register an email hook to be called when a review request is received.
Test that the source model is the same as the filter model that was passed in.
Load credentials from a file.
Add a new volume type access
Copies the columns of a to the right of a.
2 norm of an array
Install xonsh hook if not present
Quotient division with ground rules
Copy a file from src to dst
Save or edit a perspective
Tempita substitution helper.
Test pypi xml transformation
Daemonize the process
Format firewall stdout into a python dictionary
Calculates the cumulant of a moment distribution.
Returns indices for a three way split on a number.
( path ) )
Divide two monomials.
Zip selected submissions into directory.
Destroy an image.
Extract images from gzipped image file
swap two variables in a loop
Updates project requirements if they have changed.
% len ( args
Parse command line and run compare.
Delete sink with give name.
Get parent name and label from XPath name.
Read a WFDB record from a file.
Verifies that a candidate object implements the given interface.
Return the version of the installed package.
shadow user get by name
compute error for given retry dict
Get a policy by name.
. newline )
construct author2doc from corpus and document2author dictionary
Get the viewing matrix.
Read end cent dir64 locator and extract end rec
Nudge dataset along along the x and y axes
Return a polygon representing an arc.
Call rar with the given list of params.
Check basic user authorization
Get a slice or list of skiprows.
Check if all number groups are exactly present.
) plugins directory path
Returns choices list sorted by name
Get subset from given bitstring
Parse a urlencoded request body.
Create a record with resource type and attributes
Validate max staleness.
Get status output
Creates a string table from the given workbook.
Imports the specified zone and path into the zone.
Add a tag to an object
Return a list of keys of pillar
Generate a fontconfig pattern from a dictionary
List all functional areas for admin site.
Set hits to query result
Returns div tag with label and widget.
Return line numbers of multiline strings
q stat for q - stats
Test normalization of histogram
Convert a kwargs option string to a dictionary.
Creates a document from a list of fields and adds them to the given document.
Standardize name replacing str with str.
Convert COO to sparse series.
). buffer
Render a model list into a template context
Read cinder configuration from the specified file.
Iterate elements and apply action to each element
Test platform config.
. plugin
Turn off the switch
Parse command line arguments.
( string ) )
Call given function with given arguments and return result.
Decompress a DIMACS DMP file
Swap the bits of a string
) manager ( )
Get package relationships list.
) [ 0 ]
Set a stream logger.
Return the URL backend for the current page.
timezone filter.
Parse a pattern branching the branches as appropriate.
Dispatches a hook call to the hook function.
Performs solarization on an image
Test dipole len index dipoles
Convert an XML tree into a dictionary.
Return a xl range string for a given sheet and range.
Read a list of tasks from the session.
Read layout file and compare with layout file.
theme write theme
Set a configuration key to value.
Set the UID of a process
Yield tuples of positional and keyword whitespace
Print name details
Enable a source
Average of a list of numbers
Update web settings
Sends an email to the given email if the given ticket is purchased.
Dumps a python object as JSON
Get auth info from header
Send mail after import
Setup the platform.
Return a colormap for the given style.
Format a slice.
Expand IPv6 address to its packed equivalent.
Given a row return a list of year numbers
depends on current app
Callback to get tokens for a specific language.
Create a thriftpy context.
Render the landing page.
Get a directory that contains the given topfile
Add CORS headers to a bucket
Convert number to in words.
, * * kw )
Send translations to the client.
Delete a rest api.
Return utc millesecs from epoch as float.
) return repr
get content from url
Run pylint on a file.
[ 1 ] ]
Retrieve credential data from the database.
Returns True if b1 encompasses b2 False otherwise
Check for a pending reboot.
Unescape text.
) return func
Optimize the casting operation.
Generate a new identifier.
Create a fingerprint from a data dictionary.
HTTP HEAD operation.
) num = - 1 return
Returns default locale for given object
) return True
Unset quota volume
Get repository dependencies
Get the host from the request or the configuration site.
Create a new figure manager for given figure
) or None
convert a log file to a dictionary
Return whether or not file name is a file without the words
, replacer )
Start the debugger and register it with the debugger manager.
Find the host platform and atomic group.
Get the properties of a managed object
Search for clients with a response
window analyzes a single file given gcode and repository
campaign )
Return True if text has the given substring.
Return the history of the acid and course id.
Suffix a name.
Redirect to the next URL in the request.
Parse a version string.
Calculates the number of triangles in the given sequence
Displays the current error to the user.
Escape a string so that it can be used in a graph
Check if a model matches the given filters.
Convert seconds to a human readable format.
Return list of data sources.
Model - specific fastfn.
Reduce angle to a valid range
Returns the fire header for a given record
Set the model dict.
Generate a new API key
Least squares sum of a set of exponential numbers
Redirect to the canonical URL of a file already uploaded
Makes a basic binary dbm with uniform biases.
Get embedding function for shell
Eats character between pos and the end of s if it exists
Convert a string to a dictionary.
return False
Set a configuration variable
test locate app.
Get all the permissions that have been set on this object
or request. origin
Check the bcs lengths of all the fields
writer for serial port connection
Set the value for a named option
) return self
test output redirection to stdout
Wrap a traceback in a modified traceback
Calculate the checksum of a value.
Convert an object to Jinja2 source code.
Returns the status of a user
Show products recently viewed for a request.
Print information about a virtual machine or its children
( payload )
Display a raw input dialog and return user input.
. tostring )
Delete extra volume specs.
Guess the number of n streams to use.
Get data from Firebase.
Delete records from the whoosh index.
Calculates the front over width and adds lines to loop lists.
Decrypt a base64 encoded string using AES.
GF irreducible or inversion of GF
Recursively copy a directory tree hardlinking if necessary.
test epochs with multiple droplogs
Escape a value to be used as a URL.
Check to see if an event source mapping exists.
Benchmark benchmark functions.
Encode multipart form data
( admin ) )
Display the details of a loadbalancer
category can be asset or vehicle
Check spelling in English.
( CODESTRING )
Validate a station string.
Return the minimum vector3 along a path
Deserializes a python object from a base64 encoded string
Publish a file using Programmatically.
proto config for blade library
Check if engine services are running
Install one or more pecl extensions
Test shell environment.
get element node from link value
Show content types for the given region.
in pool )
Clean whitespace from a statement.
Get Nvml device info
Try to find git.
Parses dsymutil output
calculate expected bar value
Make a header from a decoded sequence.
Get the routing table for a given IP version.
Add a vhost to the system.
Get a refactoring tool for the given fixers.
Get list of available format modules
Parse the output of a solc compiler
. pythonpath )
) return bdd. wait"
Return a list of upstart service names.
Get github releases for a project sorted newest to oldest
Return a kerning of zeros
Run upgrades.
Send a test report to sabnzbd.
Process events from queue and send them to signal handler.
needs g77 abi wrapper
Perform the substitution of the given name with the given context.
) Check if item is a sequence
Places queens and removes them from the board.
Clears connection watcher if expiring is True
Get link local i.
Compare two strings for equality.
Resolve a name from a package.
clear the django cache
Check if element has a rel attribute
= False )
Asserts that a function raises an exception when called with the given arguments
Update existing snapshot metadata.
get hypersearch winning model id
Set a rule to the given layer
Returns gcode dict for path.
Returns the URL of a file or folder.
Kill all processtree pids starting from pid
Creates a new mini notifier
Get all subordinate groups a user is a part of.
Returns a list of tuples of name and linter.
Get a bind address string.
Get the state of the light and brightness of a value
Cumulative sum op.
Generate a random graph
return app
( seq )
num = - 1
Convert an address to a string or tuple
( str )
Creates a new function that replaces the globals of the given function by the new globals
Processes a SVG text node.
Saves the old mode of the course enrollment when the course enrollment model changes.
Get name and version from name and version.
Find the best matching function for given arrays and dtype
Subtract a polynomial in a polynomial in a polynomial p from the coefficients in a polynomial f
( value )
( color ) )
Render a template and return the result.
Given a row return a day name
Check if a given IP address is in a given subnet
Cartesian product of two lists
Run reindexing for the last num reviews
Return an inventory of xfs filesystems
List tasks that the user has submitted to the entrance exam
Convert a HSV color to a RGB color.
) == x
Determine the runner for the given buildbot or worker directory.
Return the kurtosis of an iterable.
Test the linkage fit with a single class.
Produce a string from a bytestring.
Get byterange ranges from header value.
Check if new prefixes is a subset of orig prefixes
nearest neighbour )
Initialize a higher order autoencoder
Format a position in a list of strings
Parse execute message and return a tuple with user device op class name and request
Read images from path and return numpy array
) return capabilities
Read in external pillar data from the specified URL
Match a pattern against a string and return the full match.
Resolve a relative URL to an absolute one.
Render a map
Cluster a list of vectors based on a clustering method.
Creates an empty file named filename.
Backward eye with swapped rows
Return the enforcement of selinux
Train a model on a list of image paths.
Move all social accounts to organization
str, str
update flash params in image buffer
Get resource from absolute path
Print source file to stdout
Rename src to dst concurrently.
. lower ( )
Decode error arguments
Render a list of templates to a response.
Import an image with imgadm
Cuda shared variable constructor
) prop ( )
Get a session instance for the specified reply channel.
Instantiate a proxy tuple and store the result in a dictionary
build docs with sphinx
Synthesize a nonce for a given request
Create a patch viewer.
Send a putaway command to the aelibrator.
Remove a service from the catalog
Return a inventory object for a given resource class
Get all networks for a project.
Convert x into a sparse variable.
Compute graphable binned statistic.
returns the point on g that is closest to the center
Unconvert string array.
Return trust of a given lang or None
Try to get the common dtype of a set of columns
Run migrations in online mode.
Log the hooks that have been added
Activate translation for the given language.
Forgot password form submission
Get the assignment type from the cohort
Entry point for the git command line tool.
Plot a cumulative distribution function
Rename channels with custom mapping
Expand a list of strings to a list of strings.
( str )
Check if a netaddr works with a given prefixlen
Get the name of the git repository.
Convert a value to JSON.
parse acl v2 json
Teachs out ellipses.
. ELB ) Regions
Set default configurations.
Skip test if abstfn contains backslash
Drop specified fields from expr.
Set the background color to jet
StringIO ( ) )
Get minion data for a specific function
Decodes unicode strings in a dict
Optimizer for gpu and gemv.
Take a dictionary of server settings and return a dictionary of normalized settings
Convert a list of revoked revisions to a list of dicts.
Split a path in num nodes
Return a dict with all the basic values of the string
Handle mass mailing list
Analyses the content of a given string in elastic search index.
= camelcase )
Helper function to create gitlab hooks
sheet in paths )
Computes the next legen of the deriving function
Return all sysv services
Sets up virtualenvs.
_string
zseel2 rheader - > div
Return the version of the operating system
Property usage event handler
Associate a node with a node.
Print all attributes of element node.
Create a compiled regular expression from a list of mask expressions.
Render a template string with the given context.
Returns the MAC address of the current host
Find nearest multiple of n to a.
. environ )
html sgml )
Get the auth password either from environment variable or from LDAP
( )
Virtual field.
Get flower images and class names from dataset dir
Get the uptime for a command.
Release a previously allocated instance of libvlc
Get attribute from instance
Convert domain to filename
Test that dimensionless units resolve to si
abspath - > absolute path
Transform a NumPy array to list.
Writes the output of the statistic window to a file.
Runs the paster server on the given application.
Run a check on the given task status.
Returns all discrete attributes in a domain.
Get instance of compute api.
Convert NumPy arrays to NumPy arrays
Validate disk format or container format.
Get maximum file descriptor limit
Split the dataset into train and test sets.
Serialize a TarInfo instance to a Python tuple.
S3 supplier controller
lowest priority log
Find a host from the inventory and print its attributes
Writes the translated text to a file.
Write stock data to a SQL file
Reset the audio time on movie instance changes
Create a new instance of cls from obj.
List all available upgrades
Start the pyo server
) Get document node
Generate a waterbutler url for the given provider and path.
My user info
Encrypt the password if the password is encrypted and the password is not already encrypted
Duplicate constant.
Add pillar by loops.
Returns the Java class documentation for the given file or None if not found.
Return the modulo of two non - negative integers
) ( yield )
Update a model instance.
( shape )
Get the extent of a phrase.
Check if a module is a package
Build m3u filename.
, str )
Get the current ssh configuration
Validates that the instance does not point to a circular reference
Return a random n - bit integer.
Build a routes. Mapper from route declarations.
pickle. load
Minor determinant of a matrix
Test structs of Erfa model
URL Quote a URL for use in HTML responses.
Stores the OpenID response in the session and redirects the user to the redirect url.
Start scan.
Sort a dictionary by its keys.
Attempts to authenticate the lti user. If the user is not authenticated they will be created
Check if a number is likely prime
Delete a chain from a table.
Parse ignorable statement.
. abbr
Rebuild typelib caches and save to file
Load all fixtures.
Find a finder for a given path.
Encode input to output.
Expand brackets in a string
Get template without params with context
Select a bracket icon from a list.
rule format demo
Setup the platform.
Add SQL to attach epic statuses to a specific field.
Finds all feature files in a given directory
Get calendar by public id
Delete a blob or list of blob keys.
- > Network
( command ) )
Get set of head types from a pattern.
get args from command line
Loads a saved endog file.
Change the extension of a URL.
Get a connection
Ensure that the transformation from from to to is valid.
Check compatibility between pymongo and pymongo
Write a static group mapping file to path.
windows error tests
Returns a taxed price info object for the given priceful and tax module
- > canon
Return a list of prompt tokens.
Create a user list.
attach user story extra info to story queryset
List all manifest files matching the given extension.
Run a command and return output
Return the translation of the given element at the given prefix
Hashes a file with sha1
. Agent )
Remove an item from a media list.
return form. action
Convert string to int float or bool.
viridis background color
Creates a default primary key field.
Compare current state with current state and return a dictionary of changes that have occurred. If no changes
Delete a policy.
Test the nearest neighbors cleaning rule with random seed
Customise the org resource fields.
Read fragments from a file and return a list of fragments.
Format a byte size.
Send mails.
List all samples by user for a given meter.
Convert bytes to unicode
Creates a commonplace url for the given path.
Encode morse characters into a string.
Clear the system cache.
Return a single instance of inst from the horcmgr command
Show pip documentation
Download subtitles for a video.
Start the notification server.
Closes the iframe with an optional context.
Opens a file path in the default explorer.
Get dependency graph for the given package list
( ) == 0 ( )
List all MongoDB databases
Rename files with the same name in a folder with a different extension.
Parse a querystring.
Get the PR numbers merged between two branches.
Compare two partial dicts
get pack value from index
filter products by user
Sanitise base32 string
Load a replay file raises io error if no replay file found
Plots the four subplots of the same image
parse type string
Parse roman numeral string.
Create a proxy object for serializing multiple YAML files.
) return callback
Set the disk timeout in minutes for the given power scheme
) and cmd
( concentration ) )
Get a filepath or buffer from a remote file.
Generate a property from a python template.
Revoke a certificate.
. decode ( )
Fibonacci number generator
add point on path if not added before
Converts an Azure Service Bus XML element to a queue resource.
Remove article from text.
Demonstration of tree drawing.
Get epochs for the given raw data
Check if user is admin and requester is admin.
Create a CSS gradient
Verify that the virtualenv meets the requirements revision.
Display text in terminal.
Remove a persistent module from the configuration
standard deviation of prop
Change the current working directory to the given directory
Load a JSON configuration file.
Repository writer.
Get filename of photo for f in file f.
rollback a previous checkpoint
Add traits to a base trait.
Render a template and return an HTTP response.
Loads a json fixture into a bytes object.
lex a string as a float
Decipher objid for all strings in x
, column = True
Returns True if the given point is inside the polygon poly
Get return data type from a function name
if s else None
shutdown the dev server
lambda obj : obj )
Get the parent
Log task files.
Convert text to QColor.
Download a file from the remote server
Get sibling lines of a file.
Execute the celery task.
Return a list of all rooms the client is currently in
Create the ports tree
Add tracks to the track list
Create an entity protobuf for a query.
Inclusion tag for Jinja2 templates.
Test if there is no import translation.
Discretize bilinear 2 d discretization.
Returns the value if it is naive in the current timezone otherwise it returns the naive value
Returns a list of control tuples from an LDAP controls tuple
Get the current user name and uid.
( )
Load and return the model description and model control for the given experiment.
Return a string of the number of hours
Show the details of a running server
Set log methods for the class
Dedent the docstring of a function.
Return the difference of seq1 and seq2.
Convert time to a hex string
Given a course id and a location find a usage page for that course and redirect to it.
Get current shared memory limit.
Start the specified engines
Time Series PPO
Create or get existing identifiers for a node.
Load a shape file into a texture.
Returns a random sample of n keys from a dictionary
Return the base path for the executable.
List all meta fields
Use unicode magic to test file encoding
) return False
Log web page.
Open a log file.
Get git changeset from git repository.
Split dataframe according to mapping column.
delete a key from the store
design matrix test with hdf5py and yaml.
Run pip in a working directory
test proxy post
Print a list of strings x to the terminal with indentation.
Add host key to the defined file
Get information about a certificate.
Get the disk type for a given VM
product tests.
Allow user to select a joystick from a menu
fs ), text
Duplicate a polynomial expansion.
Check if a database exists.
[ 0 ] )
Terminates the specified number of actions
Get the polar motion of the sun at a given time
Test to hdf linkage optimizations
Removes all subscriptions and events from the device.
Check if a release has failed.
Make a time aware with a given timezone.
Convert a URL to a filesystem path
Return microseconds since epoch as integer.
Find the names of all loaded names in a code block.