Fill x with the kernel shape n and verify the shape is valid.
Build the structure of the tree.
Unserialize a serialized packer dictionary.
Match stderr path.
Returns a random integer between 0 and n.
Return True if x is a sparse variable.
Configure the global buffer sizes for the pipe and OS.
Test editing a vi block.
Scales a list of time units to a given number of seconds.
Test that the preprocess function works.
Load and use the given plugins in a with block.
Create a directory with a name with slashes or back slashes.
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
Decorates a function with a decorator if it s not a string.
Test a remote topology.
Get the userman profile for the given user.
Configure hostnames.
Generate a thumbnail filename based on the hash of the prepared options and the thumbnail extension.
Main entry point for the upsert script.
Validate requirements.
Return the first dict entry or None.
Return the file and module type for the given module path.
Read a response from the socket.
Filters out OAuth parameters.
List all locations owned by the current user.
Remove the trailing num_ lines from a list of lines.
Shortcut for comment.
Split a field name into parts.
Returns True if text is valid False otherwise.
Test strf_index.
Command line interface for mne clean.
Writes a repr string for an instance of a PyObject.
Returns a usage string for the given text.
Create a new subscription for a topic.
Inverse of a literal.
Get a virtual interface.
Get lambda function version details.
Return the total size of a header table.
Adjust the indentation of code to new_indents.
Parse an iterable of lines into an alignment.
Add line numbers.
Get the Ethernet link information.
Resolve the default color for the current context.
Create msvsproject objects for the specified targets.
Displays the index page
Remove all cache files.
Shortcut routes for HTTP headers.
Query the SMTP virtualenv database for the number of available variables. Returns a list of lists
Build and install one Hue application.
Load a base64 - encoded PEM file.
Create a temporary directory.
Register a class with the InstrumentedManager.
Make a list of unique values.
Get staff authors.
Convert a filetime object to a unix timestamp.
Find a command in a list of paths.
Construct a compound type from a compound type.
Check if package control is installed.
Extract date and notes from a string.
Returns a list of all snapshots that are part of the specified project.
Performs a push operation on the specified object.
Set a value in memcache.
Setup the platform for dteEBridge.
Exports a library to an XML file.
Return a versioneerconfig object.
Test that a script doesn t provide a required argument.
Equivalent to vstack.
Send a file to the server.
Return the MySQL error code from the context.
Closes the connection to the serial port.
Given a path and a point return the index of the point in the path with less than the
Returns a boolean indicating whether the two nodes are semantically equivalent.
Encrypt the certificate.
Set the environment variable for the current request.
Get all volume glance metadata.
Return roots of a cyclotomic function.
Ensure intersphinx - mapping is loaded correctly.
Generate permutations of an iterable.
Uncompact a compact creation sequence.
Format the event into a flat string.
Process a block of code.
Get HTTP data from the stack trace.
Get the offset of the current time in a timezone.
Print error message to stderr.
Sort and count.
Reset the database and the database file.
Cleans a HTML string.
Execute a task and return the result.
Set the filesystem home environment variable.
Return True if s is a valid Python expression.
True if the system is healthy False otherwise.
Return a list of all devices with their full information.
Get the package name for a given package.
Convert the given value to a string.
Return a fake ORM instance.
Cluster quorum number.
Convert a JSON timestamp to a datetime. datetime object.
Draws a random sample of values and a circle.
Check if cmd exists in any of the paths specified in environ.
Get category by ID.
Resend Facebook invites for the specified users.
Get a single feedback message for a thread.
Dump the given MrJob configuration to the given file - like object
Update an account.
Checks to see if the schemas in the source collection and the destination collection match.
Return whether or not the minion is running in a virtual environment.
Estimate the covariance matrix for the Gaussian distribution.
Get the precision of the layer.
Show the expression of the difference between the current and the tracked branch.
Check if user_db has role.
Get the source code of an object.
Return whether or not the virtualenv is on.
Test epochs. iter_evoked.
Populate the given directory with Pootle translation strings.
Authenticate using the given flow.
Return True if s is an absolute string.
Get registry for tab.
Runs the tool and asserts that its output is colored.
Write all the entries in the journal to files.
Test for reordering of prefix entites.
Find nearest k words for query in wordvecs.
Crawl links and domains.
Splits a domain into multiple sub - domains according to a label.
Return a list of the names of all disabled sysv services
Get an importer for the given path name.
Return whether or not the kernel is running on a virtual machine.
film rebulk
Calculates the Rastrigin - skew of an individual.
Get a new towerrepository.
Enforce a given action for the current user and project.
Check if the CRC32 of the data is equal to the given check.
Builds a simple tree with left and right nodes
Convert EC2 instance ID to EC2 instance ID.
Edit a service.
Coalesce all options of the specified types into a single options object.
Command line interface.
Test that all the steps in the scenario table are solved against every outline step.
Convert a namespace to a regular expression.
Get credentials from the credentials file.
Create a new figure manager with the specified number of figures.
Calls the function fun with the input d and checks that the result is of the expected shape
Add parameters to incoming dictionary.
Read basic and no header files with the same names.
Returns the first n items from the iterable.
Replaces a register value in flow_params.
Read a RLE or a bitpacked hyperparameter table from a file - like object.
Check if home page is a product page.
Start a new process and wait for it to finish.
Emit a newline if the current token is not a multiline string.
Build the request body.
KNN - classify the labeled points nearest to the new_point.
Setup conductor model.
Create a hashed password.
Resolve a URL path to a context.
Takes a sequence of images and subtracts them from the previous one.
Writes hyperlinks to the xlwt document.
Returns the casava version of a FASTQ file.
Returns a list of module imports for the specified module.
Convert hex color to xy color.
Enforces domain sanity.
Create a factory for operator functions.
Load an experiment description script from a directory.
Return the number of words in a string.
Retry an instance update.
Compare two infos for epochs.
Set the URL to the registry.
Read text from all files in input_dir.
Parse the range header.
Remove a copy of a class that shares a share.
Build all library recipes.
Bing image command.
Tag a song or album.
Get the label string from a dictionary.
Returns a fallback document for the given document slug and locale.
Remove readonly permissions from a file or directory.
Get a collection of layer variables by name.
Repeats the elements of x n times.
Convert a datetime to milliseconds since the epoch.
Get a mock request.
Read count number of bytes from file_obj using the deprecated bitpacking function.
Try to identify a table that is inconsistent.
Handler for manual markers.
Returns True if the module is initialized False otherwise.
Test for gcrs altaz moonish.
Clip windows paths.
Ensures that require is called with false primitive values.
Detach the specified devices from the vm.
Checks that the pricing module is active.
Perform basic authentication.
Generate a version 1 UUID.
Yields words and tags from a corpus file.
Create a fred user.
Returns an arbitrary address for the given family.
Returns the disk usage of the given disk.
This tests zipfile. zipfile. zipfile. extract_zip with non verbose support.
Delete all flows in all openflow connections
Get the output of the element - node negatives and positives.
Make test filename.
Colorize a string.
Render a template directly to an http response.
Convert a rotation value to an integer.
Finish a task in the state dictionary.
Return the extension of a filename.
Interpolate artifact data.
Prompt the user for input.
Test that a batchnormalizedmlp can be propagated at allocate.
Writes the output to a file.
Encode data as JSON.
Create a Python environment.
Returns a list of thecraft sequence.
Extract the file and line number from a traceback.
Determines if the system is little endian or not.
Set httplib. _maxline to num_ lines.
Render a list of documents.
Get notifications for all modules in the configuration.
List all resourcepools in a ESXi host.
Connect to a PoetryServer and return a deferred for completion.
fakes json. loads_json_error
double redirect view.
Returns a list of all keywords in the lexer.
Generate a unique message id.
Returns a response object with a test_was_secure_request set to True.
Queue community email.
Check if the user is blocked for the given course_key.
Find the element matching the CSS.
Update a certificate.
Creates an element with the specified tag and attributes.
Process an XML element representing a cylinder.
Ensure that the named key is absent.
Run pip and check that the output of pip is a JSON list.
Submit a unit with a plural form.
Return the value of the terminal node.
Compute the convex hull of the convex hull of the convex
Try to parse the XML and return the error code.
Compute the list of allowed methods for the given resource.
Poll for events on a file descriptor.
Test for tensor. elemwise operator.
Load all plugins from directories and packages.
Get first day of week.
Generate a list of RGB colors using the brew formula.
Delete a document from the database.
Convert the value to an integer. If the value is not an integer the default value is returned
Register the linter with the library.
Return a copy of trans with translation applied to fig.
A generator that yields tuples of hex values and ascii values.
Create a new chain in the specified table.
DiskCache. updatemetadata test.
Stop session for module with number number.
Setup bloomsky platform.
Check a hashed password against a hashed one.
Create a networkx graph from a DOT file.
Return the value of an argument.
Class decorator to register a search mapping type.
Tests the functionality of a desktop environment.
Compute the shape of the dot product of two vectors.
Displays completions like a readline event.
Checks if the given course key is a valid CXX course.
Test json view error.
Context manager that redirects sys. stdin stdout and stderr back to their original locations.
Reads the content of the requested URL.
Simulate k more than one test.
Return a list of available community plugins.
Get the filename of the current running pc settings file.
Run subunit tests and expect output with one error.
Returns a querystring for pagination.
Get the path to the auto. confd file.
Generate a random geometrical archival.
Attempt to deduce a helpful message from a requirements file.
Run the lettuce test suite with a colorless output.
Recursively remove arrays from a string.
Returns the size in bytes of a file.
Find the option with the given argument.
Write example config to file.
Computes the Poisson PMF.
test pilot2bem usage
Extract a measure from the argument.
Check the response from GLE.
Python version independent version of range4.
Return the byte representation of an ID.
Returns the courseware and non - courseware topics for the current user.
Return a function decorator for caller.
Deletes the given keys from the given qualityofservice spec.
Return activities for a given user_id
Render a standard reply.
Filter the ava dictionary based on wire representation.
Run all demo functions for the given number.
Upgrade the database to the latest version.
Unary trace operator.
Run a subprocess cmd and return its output.
Test saving a draft via remote mail.
Return netstat information for the minion
HowItWorks view.
Run sudoer on a file.
Create a tar file from a compiled file in a directory.
Prepare the URI for a bearer token.
Test consistency on cpu - parallel datasets.
Test that min_zero = True works.
Get all categories structure.
Jump to preview window
Add a new rule to the firewall
Create a stream with num_shards shards.
Log msg % with severity ERROR.
Main loop for mestate.
Get the parent PID of a process.
Onscroll event handler for plot_raw.
Return the square root of a finite difference field.
Decomposition from left to right.
Check if the given path is a valid package.
Entry point for the wireup command.
Reads the contents of the numa_maps file.
Convert a timedelta to an integer of minutes.
URL to local path test equality.
Reserved type identifier.
Returns the path component of the URL.
Setup the iossim system before running the simulation
Take the first n elements of a sequence.
Test for _validate_if_list_of_axes
Get the lengths of a file.
Test collections editor
Temporarily redirects the given url.
Group an iterable into n - sized chunks.
Get the absolute path to the pack base for the given pack_name.
List all the hosts on this VMware environment
Batch determinant of an array.
Convert a resource to a project.
Generate a random slice of length slicelen.
Returns the number of seconds from the uptime list.
Combine two flaky annotations into a single one.
Unpublish a collection activity.
Removes all roles for a user on a tenant.
Make a call to a jsonrpc server.
Get the path from the loop to the specified point.
Parse the deb_resolv. txt file
Test array reduction with exponential reduction.
Create a blockdevicevolume object from an EBS volume object
Check if two meshes are the same.
Perform a single suggestion for a unit.
Return the size of the vm
Build getitem_array_tuple implementation.
Test nearmiss initialization.
Return whether or not this is a virtualenv.
Returns True if the current language is bidi.
Select the best encoding to use for writing to outstream.
Get the label from a plist.
nzseel2 module resourcename
Get the value of a configuration variable and return it as a boolean.
Rolls back a set of reservations.
Check if keystone version is available.
Download objects from a container.
Shelves a server.
Assert that the given help link is correctly opened.
Set the current canvas to canvas.
Find the git directory for the given path.
Returns a dictionary of pagination parameters based on the request.
Test that str_ is a valid python source code string.
Run a test suite with a given tutorial.
Returns the total number of physical memory.
Group results by video.
Returns the name of the virtual environment.
Parse a string of etags.
Main entry point for simulator application.
Sends an e - mail to a user.
Return a nocolor style based on django_colors.
Convert an IP protocol number to a string.
Return an iterator over the lists in a nested dictionary d.
Find nearest patches and add them to s.
Convert a string to an integer.
Simplify a dimension expression.
Encode a variable - length integer.
Test that a translated field supports a migration.
Process open sockets command
Manage the live servers for a host.
Eijk s levicivita wrapper
Test flushing ORM.
Make a CTF name from a directory and extra.
Allow a user to access a course.
Remove one or more roles from a user in a database
List clusters in each datacenter
Returns a dictionary of the git keywords found in the versionfile.
Linearly layout a set of points.
Generate n color tuples.
Get a list of acl groups.
Tokenize a file and yield tokens.
Get a nonphylogenetic metric by its name.
Deprecated. See urlparse. parse_qsl
Remove stopwords from a list of tokens.
Check if the given shell is an interactive shell.
Get the swap size.
Delete a file or link.
Generate URLs for the specified mbid.
Execute a python script in this Python interpreter.
Check if the spec_info contains a list of strings.
Return the accepted pend pre rejected keys.
Test the completion of a byte string using a dictionary key.
Check if string is a float.
Check if vec is a bow vector.
Show a series in the TVDB.
Register a user.
Performs an S3 key recursive upload.
Checks if the given node_op is an inverse pair of the given inv_pair
Get the last account for a given nick.
Check if the object is undefined.
Get data from the database.
Get a catalog object by its name.
Test that numpy. random. random does not contain an inf element.
Finds sentinel in a file.
Get the unit format from the config.
Format a sequence of structs.
Rollback a migration
Prints the totals for all metric names in the results dict.
Check if a node is a super - node.
Normalize mode.
Returns the highest priority value of the element.
Humanize a date.
Parse the egg info file at the specified path.
Get the raw device information for the given path.
Resize a base64 encoded image to a given size.
Unregisters the handler with the given identifier.
Wraps a shell command in a string.
Update the metadata for a volume.
Extract a value from a dict using the given path.
Get the geometry output by rotation and manipulation.
Migrate search migrations.
Run the application.
A user structure.
Returns a list of all tables in the database
Validate options.
Generates a random choice.
Check that two arrays are identical.
Context manager that creates a temporary file and deletes it when done.
Unpack a string into a number.
Fill a numpy array with all the data in it.
Generate a meshgrid with num_ points per pixel.
Reload the configuration from disk
Handles the quota reset
Load all available data extensions.
Generate n colors using the given colormap.
Chebyshev polynomial for equilibrium abundance.
Splits x and y into subsets based on indices.
Test that line. truncate_label and line. x_labels work.
Convert data from one format to another.
Run the metric_init function with the given parameters.
Return a tuple of whether or not the minion is running.
Recursively clipped a Python object.
Check whether there is a previous repository review for the given changeset revision.
Get the default user base.
Validate that value is a valid regular expression.
Attach a volume to a datacenter.
Remove all files in a tmpdir that end in str_.
Check that the maxshield file can be read.
Writes the chain text to a file.
Shuffle a list of lists using a seed.
Generate batches of data from shuffled data.
Format a changes dict into a tuple of a boolean and a string representing the changes.
Deletes the instance info cache for the given instance uuid.
Given a list of attributes return a flag that indicates which attributes are bold italic etc.
Return a list of indices from a string.
Returns a list of sale records for the current course.
Returns True if text is valid False otherwise.
Add a resource to the application.
Request user input.
person REST interface.
Validates the Marshmallow schema
Check to see if an instance profile is associated with an IAM role.
Gets the chain text from the given file using the given procedures.
Get the mountpoint for a cgroup.
Main entry point for parquet.
Get the default time display string.
Create a list of managed nodes.
Print the contents of a tag in a repository.
Convert a sympy expression to a numpy array.
List all VMs.
Unblock the given block device.
Create a resource dictionary.
Find the zone that matches the given name.
Check if resource1 is inside resource2.
Unary operator.
Read from persistent store.
Shell - escape a string for use in shell commands.
URL - encode a string.
Convert data to dummy.
Convert a string to a boolean.
Find a LaTeX file.
Sends the inventory data back to the client.
Determine which downloader to use.
Package template into package_out.
Convert an IP address to an integer.
Runs the convert command.
Disable availability zones for a service.
Calculate the CPU percentage of the function.
Create a declaration string for a loop.
I18n release push task.
Find changes for a set of monitors.
Return the sum of two numbers.
Populate the context with a list of reviews for an addon.
Returns the full group type information for the given group type id.
Render a Jinja2 template.
Open a new instance of an actionator.
Print all decoders in alphabetical order.
Check if the given path is a running service.
Checks the classification targets of a classification target.
Fits the model to the given data.
Check that the netCDF file is simple enough.
Force a job to be launched.
Set up vagrant environment variables.
Create a dictionary of option values for the given optionable type.
Test scenario with hash within single quotes.
Lists all qthreads
Test the normal mode of the coins.
Write status text to stdout.
Delete a repository.
Checks if a string is a valid ISU IDLE address.
Get the x y coordinates for a read.
AES - CBC decrypt data with expanded_key.
Return a socket object for the given address.
Set the proxy settings for a Windows server.
Convert hex colors to rgba values.
Return a list of revision dictionaries for all revisions related to the package.
Saves photos.
convert temperature data to temperature data
Update the version for the given event_id.
Make a google unique id from a cloud instance.
Remove all files associated with a given dt and dn.
Check connectivity of a cluster.
Initialize a module.
Find all occurrences of a pattern in a string.
Filter for URL target blank URLs.
returns True if loop intersects with any of looplists
Set the dirty flag for resources quota usage.
Returns a set of unique IDs from a list of fasta files.
Context manager that augments usage errors with helpful information.
Remove all files that end with a string.
Release a vlan_id.
Render a template using pprint.
Given a function f and a value a return the result of applying the function a to the result
Transpose a sequence expression
Check if the value is a string.
Return a dictionary with the coverage of all tasks.
Return a dict containing the state of the named monitor
Expand an asterisk for columns.
test collect with four symbols
Compare two keys.
List all host groups.
Return a list of systemctl command line arguments.
Given a list of page objects return a list of page objects that are siblings of the given page
Write content to output_path.
Replace a file with a new string.
Return a connection string for the specified backend.
Check if an entry exists in a set.
welcome a new OSF4M email.
Set the icon for the given filepath.
Load a module and return its contents as a dictionary.
Find the approval token for a given object_id.
Get a desktop module by name.
Check whether a tool dependency can be eliminated.
Encode a byte string using the z85 codec.
Sets the domain for the given string.
Check that all the coding characters in the header are valid DNA characters.
Split a list of arguments into a dictionary.
Create a date ticker function.
Remove sys. modules that contain str_.
Install a signal handler for the given file descriptor.
Hadoop filesystem makedirs.
Return True if running on a BSD platform.
Greatest common divisor.
tester. sendremoveviewpoint
Mocked get_recording_by_id.
Return the cache key for a namespace.
Emit a deprecation warning for the given unit.
Substitute type references in a type definition string.
Lock the current working directory.
Main entry point for the script.
Return the hash of the file at the given path.
Set verbose level.
Initialize the maildir if it doesn t exist.
Get flavor extra information.
Check the status of a datapusher job.
Unpack lines from a string.
Generate a temporary access rule.
Returns a sorted list of tuples of the members of the given object that satisfy the given predicate
Convert DKL array to RGB array.
Verify that the file index doesn t end with the given string.
View for viewing charts.
Build training set for HL0 algorithm.
Remove docstring from a function.
Locks the named Zookeeper node.
Parse a preference file.
Shows the cloudbot version.
Returns the variance of x.
Group a list of items by a given key function.
Makes an inverse operator from the noise covariance matrix and rank.
Convert a Matroska date string to a datetime object.
Return True if the CSU is running False otherwise.
Regular expression.
Decrypt secret by user.
Check if a drive is a mount point.
Check if symptom caching is enabled without a backend.
Filter release name based on filter_words.
Return the path to the virtualbox executable.
Parse a template string.
Filter a list of values based on a list of values.
Constructor for a shared random state shared variable.
Unsubscribes a user from the basket.
Assigns a user to a page.
Dump all objects in memory.
Rolling VWAP.
Get the name of a bench function.
Join paths together.
Kotanchek s score.
Archive a project.
Run a command and return its output.
Remove noise characters from a string.
View for previewing an answer.
Read a string from a file - like object.
Test Smote with wrong kind.
Test mysql connection.
List projects modified since the last run.
Context manager that removes the given path from the filesystem when an exception is raised.
Find the best path to the best chall combination.
Parse libvlc_media data.
Makes a dense version of the graph.
Stop running containers.
Get the phred quality of a record.
Find the uuid associated with a VM.
Summary statistics.
Recursively iterate over all modules under the given package.
Indicator controller.
Attempts to authenticate a user using the specified credentials.
Create a subreddit if it does not exist.
Generate client libraries from a discovery document.
Returns the elapsed time between two events.
Test eventcollection color comparison.
Test that dirstack. pushd and dirstack. popd work together.
Setup the platform for qwikswitch
Choose a random set of tests.
Edit an alias for a project.
Initialize an addon.
Returns the name of a file object.
Convert milliseconds since epoch to datetime.
Return a list of service types supported by the local agent.
Unescape a string literal.
Return all combination of keyspaces and connections.
Adds a subtask to the profile.
Create an event rule for the given date and time.
Read the version from the version_file.
Returns the indices of the softmax parameters of y_hat.
Revoke all certificates owned by the specified user and project.
Get user and password from socket.
Handler for the xblock outline view view
Attempt to resolve cookie_path using pid_resolver.
Returns the tag of the latest release.
Filter to the core samples in the table.
Migrate Oauth template facts from old style to new style
Compute histogram of values in a list of bins
List available grains
list of users in osquery
Extract link from link header.
Initialize a Dogstatsd server.
Map the qos_spec to the corresponding policy group name and max throughput.
Get the stock balance for a given warehouse at a given date and time.
Compute the number of writes in each composite index row.
Return cluster status
Runs the script and asserts that the exit code of the script is success.
Scour a list of coordinates.
Create a new campaign using a bidding strategy.
Setup the platform.
Start the named vm
Root Mean Square Error.
Dump a buffer of bytes to a string.
Get a logger by name.
Compute the correlation matrix ar.
Unify gens in f_gens and g_gens.
Find end of expression inline.
Test that a scenario has a name.
Serves up a list of documents.
Get an HTTP client.
Attempts to masquerade the user in the given course.
Filter for label 1.
Python 2 and 3 compatible binary function.
Returns the current time zone node.
Reconciles the vouchers in args with the documents in frappe.
Create a list of formatter objects based on the config.
Remove the handler from the root logger and restore the logging level.
Expand the gallery for the given metadata.
Convert a column of images into an image.
Return the string to enter a namespace pid.
Check that the current working directory exists.
Pagefolder edition view.
Stop cover for an entity.
Check if rdclass is a metaclass.
Return the IPv6 address associated with an interface.
Process movie reviews.
Include all enabled extensions in the Django admin.
Get the embeddings for each word.
Set the media player for a media list.
Convert an object to a list.
Find orphaned children.
Change user cookie security.
Remove duplicates from a list preserving order.
Clear screen.
Test that compound gates are represented correctly.
Formats the given example with the given substitutions.
Uncamel - case a string.
Return the default logfile for the specified executable.
Return the area of the intersection of multiple loops.
Pad a number with leading zeroes to make num < num_.
Get a provider by name.
Changes the username of the running user.
Show a resource.
Alias for request. route_url.
Exponential multiplicative exponentiation.
Convert unicode paths to unicode paths.
Get a value from the database.
Run the helpcommand method and expect an error.
Release an address
ResNet version 1. 0. 200 with bottlenecks.
Getcrafted text from text.
Convert an IP address from binary form into binary form.
Test the implementation of the stft function.
Returns the version of the Cython compiler as an integer.
Returns a list of SQL indexes for all models in the app.
Remove media extensions from a filename.
List of recently changed packages activities.
Second example of combining 2 convolutional layers
List all available upgrades for the specified environment.
Create a connection to a server and a client.
Formats a slug for use in a request.
Convert a text file name to a Python object.
Get the argspec of a callback.
Accept Organisation ID from S3.
Blockify a list of tuples into a list of sparse blocks.
Fix a number of lines using PEP8.
Run a command and return its output as a string.
Get options dict.
Test that the generated context matches the expected context.
Test that a bundle output is not specified.
Create a new figure manager given a figure.
Convert a name to a list of labels.
Create transformations from a list of tokens.
Sets the tax data in the session store.
Check if value is a valid regular expression.
Make a request to the Appveyor API.
List all installed apps.
Set the diff opcode generator class.
Tensor expand_dims wrapper around tf. expand_dims.
Find executable in windows environment.
Create a temporary script file and return the filename.
Append a directory to the end of the path if it is a directory.
Check if a namespace contains a wildcard in the database.
Sends an email to remove a member from a group.
Authorize a resource to access a resource.
Get the width of the console window.
Sort an IP address.
Returns the course structure for the given course_key.
Delete preview files when a preview is deleted.
Check whether s is positive
Calculate the discriminant of a discriminant distribution.
Read a user dict with a default value.
Renders template with data from request.
Find a library by name.
Create a grantip middleware
Runs pylint on a set of files.
educate backticks in a string
Check if the given url is a HTML file.
Return a list of all keyspaces on the system.
Configure settings.
Return default arguments.
Import a module and return the class.
Yields translation messages from a CSV file.
Create a student s attendance record and submit it.
Like a topic
Convert a list of iostats tuples into a dictionary.
Unquote a string.
Convert ordinal float to datetime. datetime.
Check if a TensorFlow summary with the given tag exists.
Read the config file and return the input file.
Gathers clone loss and sums it.
Extract user email fullname from SSL DN string.
Builds the rep string for a song based on the md_list.
Count the number of dictionaries in a language.
Search for recordings.
Preserve torrent directory.
Add a summary mapping to the given OTU table.
Searches for nodes that match the given hypervisor.
Combines mappings after denoising and otu mapping.
Helper function to convert if_exists parameter to str_.
Discover the executable with the given name in the given site path.
Find the end of a multiline docstring.
Causes the given coroutine to join.
Returns a bool_ if there is no afni installed otherwise a bool_.
Get pylint version.
Get the volume summary for a project.
Complete a skipper line.
Translates the given message to plain text.
Returns a list of tuples of sort keys and directions.
Returns the arcsecant of the given value.
Find the Hessian at the given point.
convert a human readable size to bytes
Overwrites the value of the str_ key with either the value passed in or the value
Execute kadmin command
Evaluate the tail of a chain of evals.
Get the cubic path from the current xml element to the end of the element.
Return value with line breaks removed.
Build a build target based on a package name version and build tag.
Recursively clausify an expression.
Updates the status of the collection in the search index.
Sort a pcap file.
Updates the instance of the class with the latest class information.
Check if a process with the given pid exists.
Read the next string from the data.
Get a unified output from a list of outputs.
Reload rewrite routes.
Create a new array of the given typecode or typecode_or_type with the given
Setup the platform for MQTT Light.
Check if the value of the given attribute is a valid ext - comm attribute.
List all the nodes in the configured zone.
Tag the current release with the given version.
Writes the given message to the preview window.
Get the appropriate resampler for the given grouping.
Make a dataset.
Recursively sort the tree by a column.
Check that savedjson has the same number of characters as num_.
Yields copies of the given signature that are contiguous with the given args.
Test plot_topo_image_epochs.
Get the proxy authentication headers.
Rebuilds the dependencies for the specified library
Tamper the payload with the given keywords.
Returns the class for the diff renderer.
Load and optimise testsuite.
Get the pull requests list for a project.
Return the message for the given HTTP status code.
Return a deferred that will fire after delay seconds.
View root page.
Unescape a JID node.
Check whether the given object is a sequence of booleans.
Add faces from a convex loop indexedloop into a list of faces
Find the root node of a file - like object.
This function is called when a synchronous switch listener is activated.
Add two 32 - bit unsigned integers.
List the contents of the SD interface
Read a table and compare it to another table.
Determine whether or not this module is installed on the system.
Show pillar data
Callback function for key and value parsing.
Run the app with the given parameters.
Test the on_focus_changed method of qapp
Monkeypatches the cmdutils attribute.
Inserts or updates a dictionary of data.
Sends a password changed notice to the user.
Add command line options for the loadgraph command.
Yield only symbols in iterator that are not in exclude.
Convert a UTC datetime object to a decimal number.
Get the source and line of a node.
Normalize a path.
Run qiimesim2 deseq2.
Get the python package name that is currently being used.
Unary operator.
Create a new bucket.
Convert a color string to a color tuple.
Remove repeated elements from a list of indices.
Main entry point for the application.
Pause a running server.
Parse a JSON string into a Python object.
Normalize a word.
Discretize the model when a type error occurs.
Ensure that the named network is absent.
Convert a list of locations into a latlng string.
Generate a BigQuery schema for a DataFrame.
The key used to sort strings.
Get the command line arguments.
Check if a graph is fully connected.
Returns the contents of the interface script for the specified interface.
Inplace CSR column scale.
Returns a new skeinlayerrepository.
Encode a password.
Set the output settings for an audio output.
Call the service.
Checks that the atom string is well - formed.
Cross entropy of categorical features.
Show product.
Tests pie and half pie rendering.
Import an object by name.
Test the determinism of all LaTeX files.
Returns a list of filepaths in fileindirectory that have any of the filetypes in file
Creates the logout url for the specified slug.
eff_request_host and eff_errhn.
Recursively copy a directory tree.
Clear the screen.
Get the location for the vm.
Return x reshaped to have num_ components.
Test the truncate field of purified field.
Creates the initial state for the computation graph.
Returns the value of the specified field of the specified java object.
Computes the log density at x for the Tied case.
Convert a CIX file into a tree object.
Empty the trash of the system.
Expand a fragment link.
Split a range string into sheets and xlranges.
Set a response header to include only the specified header name.
Return a list of installed extensions.
Search recent scansdb database.
Regularize noise with cov.
Returns x if x is None else x.
Parse a PTR packet.
Build and return a print.
Return the triangles of a meshgrid.
Clear the site cache when a new instance is created.
View for authenticated user to stream content.
Build a vertical exit for a vehicle.
Returns a weakref that can be safely bound to the target.
Test allknn. fit for single class data.
Returns True if the bucket_name is a subdomain compatible with the given bucket_name.
Return a tuple of matches for the given string.
S3 river controller.
Wrapper around check_call_arguments to catch typeerrors.
Summarize the metadata of all plugins and print the results.
Detach a bulb or bulb device
Join a list with a separator.
Finds free ports between two ports.
Calls subprocess. call and raises subprocess. CalledProcessError on error.
Write HTML table with bleach. allowed_tags.
Given a list of scripts return a list of tuples of script and script name.
Get the compiler for the current platform.
Start a YouTube download job.
Delete a security group.
Test that the recurrent graph is saved as an inner graph.
Check the return value of a geometric function.
Create a namedtuple of namedtuples.
Run bootstrap_options and assert that sentry_options has the correct values.
Build a list of github projects
Returns a set of permissions from a list of URLs.
Create a new instance of the specified gtype.
Match a comparison type.
Attach a role policy to a role.
Notify about a server group update.
Create a WSGI resource for the attachments manager.
Return the weight of a topic given its word and its document.
Returns the pricing module.
Check free space.
Fill the specified text in the specified css selector.
Returns a list of all available colours
Returns a dictionary of regex for matching tags.
Test imageidfield validation.
Load a pycaffe executable from an environment variable
Test RGB to HSL conversion in 6 parts.
Return the number corresponding to the bool value given as a string.
Wraps a fragment in a fragment wrapper.
Returns a list of keys
Join strings and save them as a string.
Create a new directory or return an existing one.
Get the datacenter of a chassis.
Compute one norm matrix using power nnnm.
Run the server.
Context manager to temporarily set up global assumptions within the context.
Get a user ID from a user name.
Returns a dictionary of pagination variables.
Convert a hex string to a byte string
Delete all metadef tags associated with a namespace.
Hovers an element.
Appends netloc query and fragment to url.
Transform nose. tools functions into a stub.
Format text with fmt using RST syntax.
mean gradient of x with respect to beta
Create a workflow that overlays stats.
Return the vm size to use
Get a service proxy.
Applies a change list to a collection.
Runs the specified executable and returns its version.
Delete all lead addresses associated with a company.
Update flagged object.
Write numpy array to FIFF file.
Fetch an MSX HDU.
Compute estimates of the number of reviews for each user.
Returns True if the number is reset.
convert integerproperty - > get_integerfield
Return the host portion of the request.
Administrative non - negative integral.
Check if a package is installed.
Start an application in the given directory.
Asserts that a nullable type is correctly cast to a string.
Get the correct read_geometry function depending on the installed version of nibabel
mimify infile to outfile
Determine the type of the function name based on its decorators.
Add irc_raw to bot s log stream.
Get common path from a list of paths.
Remove the dnsmasq accept rules for the specified device
Parses all the files in the folder and generates a fathead file.
Return a dictionary with the differences between the original and the new dictionary.
Moves the cursor up or down in the stack.
Gradient scaling with multiplier
Process an XML element.
Returns the host name for a VM.
Coerce table labels to a single list of column names.
Find increasing sequences.
Fix a makefile. Returns the number of fixed lines.
Convert a pd. MultiIndex to a list of tick labels.
Cumulative sum of the k largest numbers.
Get the current stock value for a given supplier and product.
Connect to an S3 bucket.
Returns a list of tables from the database.
Returns the base directory of a portable environment variable.
Returns a tuple of two dictionaries one containing the input ports and the output ports.
Returns the prefix that should be used to qualify the given module and qualified name.
User page.
Delete a service group
Compute cross - validation score.
True if LDAP user enabled emulation use group config is enabled and LDAP user enabled emulation use
Delete network interface.
Render a mock template to a string.
Get the maximum span of a loop.
Fake bdm object.
Get information about a container.
Attempt to create a fifo if it doesn t exist.
Return the default temporary directory.
Render a single report
Unsubscribe from a document.
Iterate over items in a mapping that may be a multidict.
Returns a list of headers that match the specified criteria.
Delete a user from the group
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
pragma foreign keys.
Automatically log a message to syslog.
patch or remove a list of PVs from an API key.
Check if the given hash is a valid anchor.
Get or create a hosted zone.
Run the test_smoke.
Remove a user.
Checks that the index_name is valid.
Convert None object to null object.
Get a tuple of the number of volumes and the size of the volumes.
Write a dictionary of docstrings to a file.
Get the architecture of the current kernel.
Return data to DataPoint RESTful API
Create a filesystem loader.
Read source_estimate. stc and label. stc.
Validate the covariance matrix.
Reload the portage module.
Quote a RST file name for use in an RST repository.
test function for loading and saving files
List all the groups in the named group.
AES - RAR3 key AES - K
Deletes a vlan_id record.
Render OpenID request as HTML.
Return the nth root of a mod p.
Call the talib library cdlmorningdojistar with the given penetration.
Yield items from an iterable.
Add a service to the macOS instance.
gpuelemwise_careduce cuda optimizer
List all available upgrades.
Recieve data from a socket and return it as a Python object.
Ensure that the named vm does not exist
Add create_tags to class attributes.
Repeated round - robin approximation to the power x of the primal
Get user details.
Runs a function as a SCGI server.
Computes the Fonseca coefficients for an individual.
Print the console log.
Create bookmark actions for module bookmarks.
Display an RGB image.
Reads a file and returns a list of lines.
Run pytest and assert that it exits on collection error.
Determine the next host to connect to.
namespace_scope num_
Return True if the system is virtual otherwise False.
Expands the user home directory of the given path.
Least common multiple of a function and a generator.
Copy data from one file descriptor to another.
Get the gradients of the where condition.
Given a configuration name and a default value compute an optional configuration value.
Load zen translations
Convert input to a list of args.
Delete a category and assert that it exists.
Convert obj to a commit object.
Open a SVG page using the specified viewer.
Format a list of messages as a response.
Bundle and build the assets.
Try to import objname and return the module or attribute.
Rebuilds a function from the given code.
Split an optional netmask into its components.
Return the path to the rcctl command
Get the pagination limit and marker.
Convert an lxml. etree. Element to a dict.
Strip xmlns from element and its children.
Get the current rendering context.
Parse test_files option.
Format the given power.
Helper function to get the presentation refid from the adml data.
Dumps the contents of a dump file into a string.
Parse text as an integer.
Fixture for the italian tutorial.
Returns the first child of node with the given tag.
Get settings from keyword arguments.
Colorize text.
Returns a list of combinations of the given list.
Get limit parameter from request.
Returns a list of modules and a list of active modules.
Get the difference between a key and a value.
Attempt to open a ssh session using pexpect.
Test that the raw. fif file has the average reference of the projected segments.
Remove scrubs from a string
Create a decorator from a middleware class.
Decrypt an input stream and write the decrypted contents to an output stream.
Get a random prime number.
Returns the number of trailing blank lines and the string of the trailing blank lines.
Convert docfreq to IDF float.
Publishes a test version to the local filesystem.
Returns True if the SQL is enclosed in an open quote.
Return a list of AAAA records for the specified host.
Perform a robust file write.
Main entry point for vim. Connect
Representation of expr as a lambda expression.
Return an edit handler for the given class.
Convert html to xhtml.
Find the indices of elements that match the given condition.
Set the rate limit.
Test for nonunique prefix completion
Calculates the date based on the relative day of the week.
Return True if rbenv is installed False otherwise.
Find the largest element of a list that is divisible by num_.
Bilinearly solve the lyapunov problem for discrete lyapun
Return a random prime number.
Convert Tcvolts to temperatures.
Convert a string to a list of integers.
Clear all caches.
Convert a regular expression to a pattern and number.
Return a hash for the given ephemeral configuration.
Simple tag factory without context parameter.
Subtract a constant k from a polynomial over degree m.
Get the maxid of the database.
Get the configuration for Mapview.
Struct declaration list
Optimizer for gpusparseblockouter node in GPU.
Split text into a list of integers.
Returns the python library zip file.
Test if the cursor key presses the key.
Cookiecutter returns project_dir.
Check if installed version of minc
Returns the text of the element at the specified path or the default if the element does not exist
Returns the carving XML object from the given xmlparser.
Parse change values from options.
test time stamps
Depth - first search with scikit - c
Get the cached membership for the user and project.
Check if a stream is public.
Test the inverse of the links.
Check if the areallsdrs dictionary is unique
Generate a Gegenbauer polynomial.
Switch an organization.
Cookie parse generator.
Render a template.
Join a list of package names into a single string.
Try to guess the filename of an object.
Submit a problem grade report.
Check that the difference between expected and got is within the allowed range.
Returns a queryset for the given class.
Alias for request. current_route_path.
Python 2. 6 float_range
Raise systemexit.
Cumulative moving average.
Returns the metadata for an entity.
Load a model dictionary.
Create a window function.
Returns a list of route objects.
Parse command line options.
Transform a dictionary of parameters to a dictionary of boolean values.
Get pasted lines from user.
Returns a list of IP addresses for the given server.
Returns the module for the comments app.
Try to find the executable in the given path.
Given a mime - type and a list of parsed media - ranges return the fitness and quality of
Build a Pandas database object.
Returns course display string for the given descriptor.
Return whether or not this is a namecheap virtualenv.
Get the current log for an asset.
Extracts text from an ODF element
Convert datetime to ISO - 8601.
Promote an operator to a new size.
Return a list of names that match pat.
Get a volume type
Initialize qwebsettings.
Strips the traceback information from the exception message.
Returns a dictionary of the changes that need to be made between two models.
Upgrade migrations.
Return the events back to the master
Test that easy_install can be installed in a virtualenv.
Checks if the given user is enrolled in the given course
Registers all sync services for the given domain.
Get the foreign struct for the given name in the given namespace.
Check if a database exists.
Create a directory if it doesn t exist.
Broadcast tensor to all GPUs.
Return a list of words.
Style for help output.
Rotate accumulator x left to right by n bits.
Matches the given sentence with the given pattern.
Encode a string for use in a Windows platform.
Manage allocation options.
Check if a string has a vowel.
Start interactive mode.
Get plot options for current session.
Attaches Epic custom attributes to a queryset.
Returns the state of the given mapped object.
Download a file from a URL.
Gets a qualityofservicespecs object corresponding to the given Id.
Setup insteon.
Loads a WSGI application from the given configuration file.
Returns True if the given user has access to read studio content for the given course.
Wrap the given value to the specified number of characters.
Split a CUDA add or mul node into smaller ops if necessary.
Power off a machine via SSH.
Set a driver for a specific provider.
Get zmq settings from environment variables.
Truncate a string to a maximum length.
A list of required strings that can be used in infinibox_input.
Validate a local IP address.
Returns the string representation of an integer.
Compute the product of two matrices.
Get the output string for the given gcodetext.
Create commands for EB commands.
Returns the tag for the current configuration
Stop the WBEM server cold stop.
List flavors.
Query Redis for list of keys.
Ping the listener.
Check if the driver driver and nvvm are available.
Returns the attributive of an adjective.
Add the role to the application.
Check if the capfile contains a valid WPA handshake.
Delete attribute x from class test.
Attempts to autocomplete an element.
Rotate a color by a given percentage.
Convert a Roman numeral string to an integer.
Executes the given function with a timeout.
Return a new coilrepository object ready to be used.
List available frameworks.
Picks out the counters for a particular log type.
Remove fetched distributions from the cache.
Test that the skycoord representation is the correct one.
Update a record in a zone.
Get the geometry output for the given element node.
Test regression.
Returns the absolute url for the given path.
Start mainloop from constructor dialog
Get current media player rate.
Return the name of the virtualenv.
Finds the directory containing the given path.
Compile the given function into a Python code object.
Run the search command and assert that the return value is success.
Run a script and see if its completion matches the given name.
Returns the number of nested google lists.
Returns the plural form of the given number.
Check that the requirement string is valid.
Sleep for a random amount of time.
Check if the value is an integer.
Add extra loops to a nestedring.
Test base of reduce with preferred order.
Check if the candidate version matches the required version.
Mock quteproc s request method.
Get the status of a task.
Generate random coinculator vectors.
Returns a random rotation matrix.
List installed packages.
Add a header to the message.
Create a transfermanager.
Returns the epsilon closure of the state.
Parse a signed request.
Returns the file name for the given type and test
Stub out the given functions for the given test.
Test the implementation of the Nvidia driver 1.
Return the boolean and string versions of the virtual environment.
Return python code for rendering the given node.
View decorator that returns a URL for a document.
Add noise to input.
Prints a string or list of strings to stdout.
Writes the given metadata dictionary to the given file.
Returns the current language.
Traverses the directory tree of the virtualenv to find the plugin path.
Check if a file or directory does not exist.
Wrap an enum object.
Generate IBP randomization.
One argument version of numpy. arange
Writes the usearch61 log to a file.
Parse filename page ranges.
Return True if obj is None False otherwise.
Check if uri is a valid S3 uri.
babel. dates. format_date
Hide untranslated messages for the specified language.
Set the ID function to use.
Validate the API password against the stored one.
Return a list of ratings choices for ratings_bodies.
Teardown the database connection.
Apply function f to audio clip.
Create a tag cloud.
Detach a policy from a role.
Returns a set with num_ and num_ removed.
Main entry point for behave - behave.
Specifiers of a class declaration
Create API method response for a given resource in a given API
Sort key for sorting.
Test for trivial test cases.
Write a Python object to a pickle file.
Returns a list of dynamic tabs that are enabled for the given course and user.
Parses a CAS authentication header.
Test the download of a wheel.
Get tool_conf tool_path relative_install_dir
Print query results.
URL quote a string.
Parse command line arguments.
Prints message and exits with code.
Get releases for a given episode.
Check if x is an integer.
Check if fs_home exists.
Get the current revision number.
Annotate the ContentModels of the specified channel and language with the youtube_id.
Test the iterator method.
Returns True if l is a list or a tuple.
test basic formulas
Return the history of the zpool
Exponential moving mean.
Add a facility teacher to the system.
Given a string s fill all paragraphs with width characters.
Test the read_spm_ctf method.
Test the use of show_weights.
Search for an organization.
Convert a Java regex pattern to a Python regex pattern.
Replace all occurrences of old with new.
Detect an agent using the detectors hub.
Logs the user in.
Makes a CSV output from a result set
Return the operating system version.
Decode string to UTF - 8.
Check the rpc status and raise an appropriate exception if there is one.
Returns the next datetime in the specified time zone with the specified utc_hour.
Calculate the md5sum of a file.
Return a tuple of the absolute number and a no_such_function.
Normalize newlines in text.
Yield information about all filenames in a directory.
Yields a stream of data from the given command and arguments in chunks of arg_max
Sets the custom nameserver for the specified nameservers.
Reset the user namespace and test the magic function.
Create a WSGI resource.
View for when a new task is created.
Get a string representation of a dictionary.
Get the status of a given unit code.
Initializes the bits module.
Get the user s model name.
Group by reduction function.
Return the default HTTP user agent string.
Entry point for the script.
Throw a greenlet if it is not dead.
Deletes all the contents of the bucket and the bucket itself.
Checks if the given object is a generator function.
Roles permitted for S3 bucket.
Return the cluster state for the given node_state.
List extensions.
Add a separator to a string if it doesn t already have that separator.
Update a fileserver
Return all the jids in the job directory.
Installs gettext translations for jinja2 templates.
Serializes a user object into a dictionary.
Register signals.
Get a list of block device mappings for the given instance uuid and volume.
Return whether or not we re running in a virtualenv.
Check parameter shape.
Finds if the given object is a doctest object for the given module.
Return the maximum approximation to the error.
Check if two synapses are the same.
Return a tuple containing a boolean and the name of the virtualenv
Register a scale class.
Get relative file path to a pack file.
Delete a key from memcache at a specified time.
Returns the object currently gc - tracked at the given address.
Return True if the system is virtual otherwise False.
Get all headers that match the given name.
Validates collection options.
Install the ioloop module.
Runs a matlab job.
Rewrite the configuration of the bridges in the legacy format.
Get the kernel ID for a sysctl key.
Returns a namespace mapping for the specified NSPFX prefixes.
Decode base64 text.
Update an image.
Returns the title of the given layout.
Link shortener for shortened text.
Wrap a number with a long type and assert that it is an integer.
Install from a wheel and verify that it is installed from a legacy version of pip.
Determines if the instance is in the resize state.
Run a Python script file with the given context.
Format a number.
Check if a module exists.
Print a summary of the efuses
Trivial triangulation of two points.
Return a list of all branches in a repository.
Convert Markdown source from Markdown to HTML.
Parse the command line arguments.
Get the current credential controller.
Test equality of two images.
Clone the repo into the repo_root directory.
Return a list of lines for the given exception and value.
Context manager to push the kernel context onto the stack.
Join together a list of strings into a URL.
Returns True if path is a hidden dot file.
Wait until the task with upid has been created.
Get a flavor by name.
Create an array of ones with the same shape and type as the input array.
Parses the response and returns a dictionary of payloads status code.
Generate a diagonal DCT matrix.
Search a string for all occurrences of a given word.
Returns a path to a file in the cache directory.
Create an access key for a user.
Update a CFN stack.
Reshow the figure canvas with nbagg.
Create a documentlistentry object from a string.
Check if the socket directory is accessible and print a warning if not.
Send a message to a list of registration_ids.
Run a tidy runner on an HTML file.
Re - raise an exception if the message is different from the original exception.
convert nodes from one type to another
Get a model by app_label and model_name.
Set the platform and architecture context.
Return data to the master
Get the correct fill value for the given dtype.
Get a new millrepository.
Generate email address.
Safely join paths to a base path.
Looks up method_name in the class hierarchy.
Entry point for Wireup.
Download a file from an HTTP link using requests.
Update a FITS file.
Move a file or directory.
Auto close user story after task is closed.
Test networkcache. diskcache. updatemetadata.
See if there is an exact match.
Check if the user is sysadmin or not.
Load a certificate from a buffer.
Return a list of the names of all queues
Convert a string to a GCE name.
Return the maximum sqrt depth of a polynomial.
Return a copy of os. environ with the given kwargs merged with os. environ.
Convert a path to a Unix path.
Decodes an encoded datetime string into a Python datetime object.
Get the indices of the magnitudes of the t1 and t2 magnitudes.
Load the data api module.
Create expected photo URLs for each post in the episode.
Get a worker from the database.
Check that ros. fit does not raise runtimeerror.
Unwatch a document.
Processes a dialog box that asks the user to enter a new desktop.
Coerce val_attr to bool.
Get the rcparams dictionary for the current matplotlib installation.
Extract browser from user agent string.
Test for completions on global namespace without path.
Returns the grade of the adjective.
Loads the current dataset.
Dispatches a request to the GCS stub.
Get the current time in seconds.
Verify a user s email address.
Parse a timedelta from an event dict.
Strip ANSI sequences from a string.
Convert an IP number in a network byte order string to a network byte order string.
Build descriptor for Enum value.
Generate lorem ipsum.
Check if a module exists.
Run setup tasks.
Create a new QuotaUsage record.
Command line tool.
Return the message for a given HTTP status code.
Return the pillar data from the master
Create a storage transfer job.
Jumps to the specified tab number
This function is called when the user clicks the Node button.
Returns a base64 encoded string of preferences.
Returns the index page of a course s HTML.
Read a string from a file - like object.
Runs the lettuce script and asserts that the output is at level 1 or higher
Add a new service group
Convert special characters to lower case.
Test that STC gets a peak.
Compare two objects for equality.
Validate that value is a positive float.
Returns True if vcs is installed for repo_type.
Test if a < b.
Check the status of the specified core.
Get the absolute path to the target of a link.
Generate a cache key for doc_html.
Context manager to create a temporary directory then delete it.
Process an arcgis service.
Select a template from a list of template names.
Returns a path to a temporary file.
Extend data by length bytes starting at offset.
Add an implied task id to a dictionary.
Compares two entity protobufs by key.
Check if the index of the track has changed.
Whoosh search.
Convert a tuple to a datetime. datetime object.
Add referer header to conf. httpheaders.
Delete a repo.
Convert a sequence of signed bytes into a string.
Start the salt syndic.
Copy a part of source stream to destination stream.
Get a list of geojsons from a list of layers.
Recursively serialize dfs objects.
Main entry point for the script.
Returns the platform - specific shared library argument for GCC.
Record the purchase information.
Waits until there is no pids namespace listening for pids.
Run tests in a Python 2. 7 session.
Get a unified output from a list of outputs
Account registration form.
Make a redis key from a rule.
getwindowanalyzefilegiventext - Get window analyze file
Convert a funshion id to a list of URLs.
Returns the value of the cflags variable.
Expires the reservation for the current AWS account.
Create an alias for an index
Unwatches the user for the specified product if it is approved.
Setup the Windows platform.
Ensures that the directory d exists. If it does not create it.
Import a document into the database.
Get all snapshots for a given host.
Upload image attachment.
Parse a query string into a list of model instances.
Validates that the volume exists and is writable.
Calculates the overhang direction for a set of loops.
Encode 7 or 8 bit payload in msg.
Enable the named service to start on boot
Replacement for _renamed.
Sanitizes the HTML code using bleach.
Get the volume details.
Return True if x == y and False otherwise.
Checks the tree for the exact match of the fasta_labels.
Get the enabled provider for the given provider ID.
Get the default appid from environment variables.
Compute the hinge loss.
Serialize a collection.
Test supervised samples.
Get vector3 from element node by prefix.
Get all notification subscriptions for a given user.
oauthgetaccesstokencgi wrapper for oauthgetaccesstoken.
Return the string that will be used to access the key.
Add photo URLs to dictionary.
Reload the containers.
Check if the given file is a text file.
Add points from a segment.
Find partitions based on connectivity.
Connect client to destination.
Function called when the help button is clicked.
Queue a list of instances to be provisioned
Verify that a package is not installed.
Assert that func raises an assertionerror with severity warning_class.
Generate column names.
Find the p and q primes for a given number of bits.
Convert a string to an integer.
Compute the Legen - Richter lut at x.
Return a user feed as a JSON string.
Returns bool_ if any of the environment variables is set to none.
Overlapping multiplicative normal distribution.
Create an SArray of length num_ where each element is a list of integers.
Render an HTTP response.
Return the number of ISCSI targets for a particular host.
Load a module from a file.
Check if the given name is a global variable.
Test that we can completion with bash.
Update a column s value in the table.
Create a celery application.
Returns a list of randomly selected lottery promoted links.
Encodes a usage key and student ID into a task input and task key.
Return the configuration as a dictionary.
To be implemented.
Return the environment override string to use for the build process
Looks up an address and port number in a string.
True if symptom_password_regular_expression description is not set.
Yield tuples of profile_name role_name and role_document
Run test suites.
Print a dot expression.
Update properties of an image.
Add a fake progress bar to the fake_statusbar and show it.
Check if item is a container.
Round x up to nearest integer.
Return the id for the given value.
Return True if off else False.
Return QuerySet of str_ and count of each str_ in the database for the given model
Called when the application has finished processing a request.
Check if the CUDA compiler needs to be compiled.
Resumes all paused commands at the specified time.
Returns an array built with the ndindex operator.
Copy a QueryOptions object to the protocolbuffer.
Add a pixel to the pixel table. If issteep = True then add the pixel at
Checks if the configuration of the given module has changed since the last time it was loaded.
Read a patchset from a file.
Run the unit test.
Generate a set of keys
Return a check - and - destroy fgraph.
Returns the reader class for the given reader name.
Return package information for given packages.
Exponentiates x under the polynomial p.
Add a certificate store to the local system
Creates a group snapshot
Detach a disk from a virtual machine.
Distill a PDF file to a temporary file.
Add a new page if it does not exist.
Return the full path to the config file.
Test that the ranking does not ignore quotes.
Calculates the length of a polygon that is the length of the loop.
Wrapper around processutils. execute that adds the root helper to the kwargs
Continuous confidence interval.
Deletes a task by name.
Leave transaction management for current thread.
Convert from bcd to decimal.
Checks if the given user has access to the given forum.
Returns the path to the configuration file.
Test the io inverse operator.
Read data from file and return as unicode string.
Validate shuffle split init.
A syndication feed generator.
Try to find a constructor for the given object.
Decodes the given string using the specified encoding and errors.
Return a list of key exchange algorithms supported by the system.
Extracts a snapshot from disk using QEMU.
Get or create a profile object.
Return a base64 encoded string of the image.
Return the least common multiple of two numbers.
Flip the specified axis of the array x along the specified axis.
Open pickled state.
Recursively walk a directory and add all imported modules to modulelist.
Called when a task configuration has changed in the database.
Set the attributes of the elementnode based on the arguments passed in.
Reconstruct a string by reconstructing it.
Check that the index argument is valid.
Login to the virtual machine.
Format a message.
Write data to a socket.
List files in the Git repository.
Split url into path and environment.
Test group_by for qtable.
Main entry point for the script.
Return the index of the word in the list.
Create a temporary directory.
Looks for a redirect_back parameter in the querystring of the URL.
Create a new object in the database.
Serializes the given instance to JSON.
Summary judment of a recommendation.
Return the end of a 64 - bit compressed record.
Returns the logarithm of the logarithm of the logarithm of
Execute queries against SQLCipher ext pillar data
Chunk tagged tokens into n - grams.
Load a PIL. ImageFont from a file.
Change the working directory of the daemon.
Download a dataset to a directory.
Delete tags from a node
Test that paginated items are redirected to the correct URL.
Consume a string type token.
Authenticate a user and return the authentication dictionary.
Formats a playlist.
Returns a short module name for obj_name.
Convert string to rank.
Return the list of runners to run in the specified environment.
Return a string that is indented by indent_size.
If pause_on_post_processing is True then resume from post - processing if requested.
Reduce the number of coils by decimation.
Fail unless exc is matched by pattern.
Yields xml chunks of num_ sizes.
Create a template from a filename and a list of root directories.
Replace all zeros in a triangular matrix with num_.
rulesection num_
Deserialize a base64 - encoded string.
Returns the value of the specified cell.
Writes the given text to a file.
Plot normal probability distribution as a function of sample
Extract the sequence quality score and XML string from a FASTA file.
Get reason from cluster or step.
Plots the lines in the verticies of the time series
Load a private key from a buffer.
Return a tuple of emails if emails is a string otherwise return an empty tuple.
Configures a salt config
Calculates the minimum interval of a given width.
Dispatch command from POST data.
Assert that the policy has the right shape.
Add an offset to the loop and vertexes lists.
Returns a list of all cells in this row.
Dynamically import dialect and driver.
Fourier series with a square wave.
Triplet loss.
Solve the linear system of equations a and b.
Update the docstring to include the plugin information.
Dump date as HTTP date string.
CRUD strings for adding or updating an inv record.
Create an addon
Iterate over spider classes in a module.
Write a list of probes to a file.
Returns a list of all non - private exploration summaries.
Get the cudart library.
Test cross validation shuffle split.
Runs cup for a single file.
Extract the summary line from a docstring.
Get the disk bus for a given device type.
Check all costs of convolutions.
Render a template and return the result.
Return the list of season numbers for the indexer_id.
Parse an XML string and return a DOMElement object.
Set the dbms for the backend.
Parse the lines of indented counters output.
Update the file with the given revision.
Visualize detections.
Convert a number to a hex string.
Runs make_files and sync_protos.
Returns the indices to sort items in descending order.
Draws a dendrogram on the given node.
If the symbol is missing add it to the symbol table.
Returns a reference to the given name in the repository.
Kick a channel.
Fail if expr1 equals expr2 as determined by the == operator.
Runs restorecon on the specified path.
Count the number of entries in a. zip file.
Read LSM float pairs from file and return as numpy array.
Insert text to the given cursor using the given format.
Create a new grep widget.
Insert x into a sorted list a at position lo.
Set interactive mode
Renders the workflow in JSON format.
Get the logging level for the given request.
Check if the URL originates from any of the given domains.
Create a structure for a directory.
Setup the platform.
Write and compare source spaces.
Prompts the user to enter a manual ID.
Returns an iterator over the trigrams of the input sequence.
Check if there is a translation for the given lang_code.
Returns the xmodule for the specified section of the course.
Test that str_ is a list of LEX integers.
Wrapper for masked_conv_add_coupling.
Merge style rules for each element.
Clip the exponential of x to be within exp_safe_min and exp_safe_
Return a section string for a SM module.
Convert a string to a unicode object.
Write a DOT file.
Ensure that the named ICMP is present on the system.
Delete a db parameter group.
Inverse of _a_encode_bytes.
Raises an exception if the signature is not recognized.
Run a parallel map of providers query.
Locks a media list.
List of installed packages
Whether to write to the file.
Initialize the configuration from a configuration dictionary.
Run a command in a subshell.
Asserts that httpbin. get_requests returns the expected_requests.
Commits the current transaction.
Runs the thrift server
Convert inet_pton to four byte int.
SHOULD answer to a question.
Return a tuple containing the boolean_ and the name of the virtual host.
Format value according to optdict.
Find all system plugins.
Recursively find all globals in a node.
Returns the arcminutes of the given number of degrees radians and arcseconds.
Return list of user_partitions where scheme. name == str_.
Create a stub for interacting with Bigtable.
Show information about a user.
Expand gridsize intrinsic function.
Validate the permissions of a node.
Test the checkout flow for an authenticated user.
Checks if the given path exists.
Update a volume type.
Update the headers of the response.
Sort columns in priority order.
Open a response in a web browser.
Put a file on a remote system via the powervm ftp server.
Link to a user in the project.
Returns a human - readable message for the specified permission code.
Iterate over lexer classes.
Generate a unique message ID.
Subtract multiplicative post - processing.
Context manager for inception_v3 parameters.
Return True if text is valid False otherwise.
Apply the resultant function f on the given generator g.
Read a bearer token from a file.
Update a port
Parse a type specification.
Test the implementation of the norbsmall function.
Parse a duration string into a timedelta.
Dump a certificate request into a string.
Dot product of a and b.
Get a canvas controller for interacting with S3.
Copy a local file to a remote host using scp.
Return grains as a dict.
Monitor a list of proxies.
Returns the user info cookie data.
Fix relative links in a document.
Main function of the script.
Load libzmq if it is available.
GetcraftedText from a text file.
Checks if the given entity is a mapped class or aliased class.
Setup python ubuntu for development.
Talib wrapper for talib. cdlhangingman.
Download a URL to a directory.
Resume downloading if necessary.
Get the upper bounded upper bounded changelog for a commit in a repository.
Return the type of the function.
Returns the name of the type of an object.
Run the gunicorn WSGI application.
Delete all quota usages and reservations for a given project.
Recursively load the context of x.
Check if the given request is a trusted IP address.
Tests rl_end_of_line.
Check options.
Set the response status code response. status_code response. status_message and response. body
Safely join paths.
Filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 values.
Sanitize a filename by replacing bad characters with replacement.
Minimize the given response code.
Get all collections for a bus.
Generate client login auth token from request body.
Return a link to the parent document of the given topic.
Encode a second nibble hex string.
Disable warnings.
Get a list of indexers that have an exception for a given scene name.
Returns True if the course module list is valid for master_course_key.
Call talib. cdlshortline with the given bards and count.
greet a user
Given a path and a point return the index of the point in the path with less than the
Register all the models in the database.
Return a tornado. event. Event for the master event bus.
Remove leading and trailing whitespace from a URI.
Return a dict of all available interfaces on the system.
Convert a local gemm node to a GEMV node.
Setup worker optimizations for celery.
Makes a generation hash from the given value.
Add a constant to the builder.
Closes the library.
Fake an OVo cluster object.
Set HTTP Expires header.
Check that message extractor functions are valid.
Parse a time string.
Stop a task time slot
Make a Cumulative Cumulative Distribution from a ROOT histogram.
Given a list of brands return a list of recommendations for that brands.
True if the module is a carbontk module.
Returns the name of the service module for the given service model.
The tutorial send_message view.
Find the file corresponding to the given header.
Partition a predicate over two iterables.
Sanitizes the HTML ID.
Dynamically import a module.
Crop a title to the specified length and add a suffix.
Enable a haproxy server
Consume a sequence of decimals and return them as a tuple.
Process a list of video files
Returns a JSON - serializable representation of the pointed nodes.
Upgrades the schema of the database.
Install a frappe app.
Check if a sequence is sorted.
Parse the bytes part of the range header.
Render a template and return a response.
Apply choice.
Timer helper function.
Parse the command line arguments.
Test trapezoid1d.
List block blobs for the configured cloud provider.
Return an iterator over the images in the DICOM file handle.
Convert a canonical path to a local path.
Convert a string to a boolean.
Apply provider facts.
Format file size.
Returns the number of nodes in a graph.
Add a non - blank XML subelement to the parent element.
Tag to render a star.
Correct the results of comparisons using the specified method.
Convert a number of hours into a number of hours.
Read a single unsigned integer from the stream.
Internal function to launch threads.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the filter was skipped.
Compute the harmonic of the spherical harmonic.
Returns a sorted list of dirents in buf.
Encode a sequence of hex chars into a string.
Wrapper around matplotlib. figure. figure
Returns the md5 checksum of a file.
Conditionally add a query item to the query.
Test for saving a paymentmethod and shippingmethod when a model is edited.
Get course block counts.
Load an object from an HDF5 file.
Parse PCI device address.
Get the expiration date of the HTTP request.
Check if a list of elements conforms to a partial ordering.
Get a binary string representation of the given value.
Convert a HDFS URI to a real path.
Polynomial series.
Set the value of a Traffic Server configuration variable.
Return a dict of users to remove from a subscription.
Check if the lockfile exists in the current directory.
Split a generated filename into a tuple of filenames.
Preview a resource.
Prints a string representation of the type of the given object.
Get object transient sysmeta for the given key.
Create a new list of results from an index - only query.
Returns a list of period names for the given context and locale.
An iterator over the CDS features of a genbank file.
Returns the current working directory.
Execute queries against mysql external pillar data source
Format region.
Fill up a list of strings with a fixed line length.
Discretize the center of a 1D model into discrete space.
Annotate tokens_old with tokens_new using HTML sequences matching.
Log ORM cache stats
Return the commit hash for a package.
Given a bounding box return the center of the bounding box
Unregister a host from a device.
Check if the comment is valid.
Returns a tree of nerdtree objects
Return a timestamp for the given table.
Continuously closes the stream.
Test if a value is defined.
AQ step 5a QR Code.
Coerce an array to a categorical array if it is one.
Encode a multipart upload container as a string.
Get the colour of a preference name.
Get the crashinfo directory for a given host.
Generate a cache key for the given request.
Creates the register numbers in the OVS instance.
Initialize the glance store.
Test scenario hash with double quotes.
Generate correlated normal generator.
Normalize a locale string.
Find the previous keyword in the sql string.
Start memory profiling.
Determine the releasename of the files in the given directory.
Get command line arguments.
Exponential moving average.
Finds the indentation string for the given node.
Update a namespace record.
Compute statistics for drop_log.
Find a gui and a gui_select.
Get the path to the temporary working directory for Qiime.
Create a replication group.
Setup the state.
Set the Android context to use for the media player.
Run a command and return its output.
Return the union of all the immediate nodes of the given iterable.
Verify packagefinder installs all pre - release packages.
Returns True if arg has a method with the given name.
Returns a human - readable string representing the given time.
Render the current block and return the result.
List all products.
Returns a list of dicts with the changes that need to be made.
Returns the maximum number of slots the virtualbox can have
Return a list of all clients.
GetcraftedText from a text file.
Test the separation of convolutions with a flattener layer state.
Returns distro release information.
Call tadm with the given arguments.
Assert that callable_obj raises exc_class.
Redirect to url_name with params.
Given a list of child elements and a local name return a list of child elements that match the
Modifies a list of hosts.
Remove the initial data from the database.
Create a bare error with the body encoded and the body length encoded.
Automatically assigns the given locals to this object.
Run rl_backward_delete_char.
Convert a number to its julian equivalent.
Load all metasync sources.
Return the value of an attribute of an object.
Return the owner group and crontab directory.
Manage mode.
Returns a dict with zmq_enums as keys and zmq_prefix as values
Check if x is a dummy array.
Roll a vectorized matrix along a given axis.
Fetch a file from a URL.
Set the value of urlconf.
Fix filenames in a list of frame records.
Encode a URL or path for use as a mirror URL.
Creates a scope for a lenet optimizer.
Returns a file object for the TOC file at toc_path.
Helper function to format a job instance.
Split a string on unquoted newlines.
Overwrite novel deltas with baseline and non - novel deltas.
Walk the revctrl directory tree.
Convert latitude to zone string.
Get virtual interface by address.
Get boolean value from dictionary or default.
Get list of activities that a user is following.
Connect to CloudHSM.
Extrude a list of files.
Compute the similarity score between two objects.
Runs a text test suite.
Returns a list of dicts representing the current date.
Remove flags from config variables that are not in the environment.
View for editing a post.
Run a setup script.
Entry point for the ansible - module script.
Given an image and a list of faces highlights the faces in the image.
Returns a list of national number groups for the number numobj formatted according to the specified formatting pattern
Return the distinguished name of the SCP for the specified entry.
Return a random Tweet.
Run a function and return the deferred result.
Get the size of the console window.
Concatenate strings into a single string.
Turn lights on x_val y_val
Get the active config key.
List all incidents.
Change the status of an activity.
Lift multiple repositorydialogs.
Find the album for a given album ID.
Get audit information for the current request.
Get the cluster manager.
Mount cgroups if they don t already exist.
Save a model to disk.
Read a file from disk.
Detect if any of the devices are supported.
Test plot_evoked_field.
Load a media library object.
Set new video aspect ratio.
Fix the sys. stdout and sys. stderr streams on Windows.
Check if a path is added to the current loop.
Return the space in which logs are used.
Check if the given header name ishop by hop.
Greater than zero.
Grep a variable in a file fn.
Convert a value to a basestring.
Build a dictionary of server configuration variables.
Get a new repository for the current version of Sphinx.
Returns a dictionary of signal names to their respective signals.
Parser for postfix expression.
Append a value to a variable in the make. conf
Read from stdin if stdin is not a tty.
Test for hsl_to_rgb part 6.
Group the tokens by the order keyword.
Return a new dictionary that is the combination of a and b.
comma filter.
Writes the given text to a file.
Add a suffix to the filename.
Return a list of all available images on the provider.
PyCUDA gpu elemwise optimizer
Get the configured BBB device scanner.
Check if a path is absent on the distributed FS.
Make width property setter
Get the nmanotificationservice object.
Return a list of all known settings.
Get the tolerance for the given item_code.
Start a web server for the given ip and port.
Get the version number of the installed package.
Returns the static file url for the given path.
Test flushing a histogram with a store_stdout method.
Update an existing security group
Fibonacci function.
Recursively resolve all references in an object.
Gradient of ridge penalty
Get the current working directory for a process.
Check result of geocoder function call.
pypengl requires pyopengl to be installed.
Create a py3compat. configparser. ConfigParser instance from a config file.
Create a location key.
Return a random integer between a and b.
Escape a unicode string for use in a URL.
meet a chairing subject
WSGI application that is not proxied by Odoo.
Get the timestamp from the given URL.
List the names of all active virtual machine on the minion.
Test allknn fit.
Creates a new group snapshot.
Appends the current language to the cache key.
Get the long description.
Set profile hook.
Return a numpy eye matrix of length n.
Multiply a list of coefficients by a factor u using the Dual - Quadrature
Tamper a string with a number.
Fits the image to the given width height and pwidth.
Save facts to local file.
Return the name of the virtual environment.
Returns a complete badge for the given user in the given course.
Iterate over all crash files in the log directory.
Returns the rendered abstract for the given section div.
Display an image on a screen.
Return an iterator that yields chunks of the input iterable.
Returns the text of the phrase at the given head index.
Only succeed if the value in the given register location is greater than the given value
Convert a list of Field instances into a JSON dict.
Check to see if a cache subnet group exists.
Run migrations online.
Generate random slices from shape.
Parse m3u8 data.
Run the command with no arguments and assert that the output matches.
Compute the error between the source and target at the given error.
Convert args and kwargs to a dict.
Check that the weights are valid.
Return a path relative to the zipline root for the given paths.
Parse a Flask response object.
Convert a float to None if n is not a number.
Returns the URL to delete a comment.
Create a label for a filter for a model field.
Convert date to string.
Run apf command and return the output.
List the PS lines with the given order.
Delete an option group.
play a WAV file
Alias for request. route_path.
Disconnect a client from the socketio server.
Get the list of files for the given addon_guids.
Reconstruct the URL from the given WSGI environ dictionary.
Assert that output string does not contain text.
Parses an object ID into its name version and vault components.
Plot a curve linear test of a 2D figure.
return a list of thecraft sequence
CIRS altaz_nodist.
Update Gaussian distribution with no data.
Create a py. io. terminalwriter instance.
Check if an object has a parent with the given basepath.
Plot a time series that is not found in the original data.
Remove the most common indentation.
Update a provider location.
Returns a reference to a container view for the specified object type.
Load a library.
Command processor for saving images.
Create a response object with headers body and status code.
Emit certificate events for the specified user.
Return a regex match for the flag at position pos.
Superpack and release.
Register form.
Get output for a given gcodetext.
Products endpoint.
Save desc buffer to db and return bool_
Return a redditbroke error page with the given fail_text.
locale - metrics page
Patched httpconnection. send_output.
One - way ANOVA.
Checks if the population is available for the given unit.
Test the atciqd and aticq methods.
Get QoS specifications for a volume type.
Cancel all API calls.
Returns the number of windows of length n on buffers m.
Update supernav and homepage download box when release is published.
Unlink all the files in rc_object
Return a list of all widgets in the system.
Check if we are running in a Google AppEngine environment.
Computes the mutual incoherence between the relevant and irelevant samples.
expect_warnings wrapper.
Get the metadata from a PDB file.
Convert a string to an integer.
Print bucket acl.
Create a default application router.
Add a null handler to the root logger.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the current request is a match.
Return recordings matching the given echoprint.
Search for a key in a sequence.
Create a base cipher with the given key.
Re - raise the translated exception.
Yield tuples of line number and string if the line starts or ends with None.
Get all payment providers portals
Create a PNG image containing a plot of metrics and qualifications.
Read the port in paper out.
Return a group ID that is unique to this process.
Convert a CFArray to a list of Python values.
Returns a tetragrid with the elements of elementnode replaced by the elements in elementnode with
Translate long option.
Run the given tests on the virtual machine.
Determine the metaclass for a class based on the number of bases.
Get the volume type with the given id.
Push changes to the remote git repository.
Compute the volume sum of a resource.
Return a list of arguments to pass to sys. argv based on sys. flags and sys.
Fix data paths in package_data_dict.
Restarts the named container
Make a connection to an HTTP server.
Precession from J2000 - > capitaine
Get all quotas for a project.
Deep copy of dict d1 and dict d2.
Filter an attention signal using a frequency - based filter.
Simplify a graph using theano module.
Join a list of strings into a single string.
Create a 5 - dimensional tensor of the specified dtype.
Compute the kinetic energy of the given velocity vector.
Returns the intersection of two collections a and b.
Profile a function.
Convert a NumPy array to a given dtype.
Returns the key for the given row and column numbers.
Return ip_address_validator function for given protocol.
Apply a mapping to an element if necessary.
Return a list of environments on the system
Check if stdin is ready other than stdin.
Delete all empty folders under check_empty_dir.
babel a locale string.
Multiply a 1D Fourier transform with a repeatable FFT.
Get a dictionary representation of the given object.
Check if module should be skipped.
Create a file client if it doesn t exist.
Compress a KML string.
Join an avatar to a group.
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
Formats a datetime object to an ISO - 8601 formatted string.
Suppress warnings for tool load errors.
Returns a list of addresses for the given fieldvalues.
Compares a list of language strings to see if they contain the same language.
Loads the data and returns a Dset.
Generate roots and weights.
Zip a list into a list of lists.
Test model extension.
Depth - first nested context manager.
Write a value to a gpio port.
Convert a EC2 ID to an integer.
Set the global siteurl.
Apply a function to each group of a regex match.
Run refresh_scores_reset.
Entry point for the script.
Leave transaction management.
Get the gcodetext without redundant mcode.
Returns True if the small rectangle is smaller than eps.
Enhance the plugin with the given domains.
Upload a container or upload an object to a container.
Create a directory and all intermediate directories that do not exist.
Check that the censure function raises a valueerror when the keypoints are not supported.
Runs a popen command with sudo and preserves the environment.
Validate that the actions in the target are valid.
Create a glorot normal vector of given shape.
newline and copy margin.
Returns a response with a list of javascript files for the xmodule.
XORs a buffer with a key.
\ Returns a list of lines each containing a line of text.
Truncate a string to a given length.
Force a string to be unicode.
Convert a HDFS location to a URL.
Return a boolean indicating if the SGV version needs fixing.
Visit the PNG and TEXINFO subgraphs in the PNG and TEXINFO subgraph
Returns the difference of the two images.
Get the list of comments for a tag.
Get the user object for the given token.
Strips HTML from a string or iterable.
Run the Hg repository hook.
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
review idvv vs idvv vs pid
Return a verbose lookup expression for the given lookup expression.
Test that symarray works.
Returns the first level directory of the given path.
Attach volume to a set of volumes.
Given a list of loops create a list of unique vertexes.
List all available interfaces.
Get the class of an object.
Get options for given method.
Solve the solution of f for the absolute value of symbol.
Test equality of functionality in Python 2.
Prompt the user to answer yes or no.
Extract limit parameter from request.
Convert an HTTP response object to a response dictionary.
Check if there is a git repository and pull it
Get the next available ctid.
Wrap a socket with sslwrap.
Receiver that logs a successful login.
Parse the total storage limit.
Test numpy. random. rng. uniform.
Run migrations offline
Returns a UserGlobalPreferences object for the specified user.
Extract latex from html col.
Returns a list of module names that are supported by the OFP protocol.
Checkout the order with a shopping cart.
Remove all unread notifications for doctype from database
Evaluates the given evaluator for the given annotation.
Check if the given value is a simple type.
Resizes the given image to the given side_length.
Log the number of queries performed for the given name_point.
Make a simple block from a list of tuples and a dtype.
Return the inverse IDD of the first n AAs of the given state.
Return the template ID for the given template name.
Return the remote IP address of the request.
Perform the first batch of a query and return the result.
Try to find the home directory.
Return a hash of the install environments of the given conda packages.
Check if the given file is a text file.
Returns the view of the currently active window.
Determine if a point is closer than a given point in the loop.
Convert an integer to a long.
Validate the inputted arguments using the lowercase validator.
Truncate fasta sequences to a base position.
Check if the number of parentheses in the line does not align to the number of
Common LDAP initialization.
Check if vrouter and lb_interface exist in the CLI.
Get the version from pkgin.
Setup the platform for vera binary sensors.
Transliterate to UTF - 8.
Compute the selfsimilarity matrix of a featurevectors.
Returns the string representation of the given number.
Serialize a Python object into a DB - compatible format.
Returns True if the current user has permission to perform the action.
Recursive function to get the prototypes from a dictionary.
Returns a cached UserList object or creates one if it doesn t exist.
Run packages from test packages.
Test that the labels are consistent.
Return the version of the dipy package.
Returns the MD5 hash of the given word.
Returns the mro for the given class.
Test core new statement each time.
Setup the platform.
Unquotes slashes in a string.
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
Set trim points on all SFF files in sff_dir.
Create an annotated table for the given data.
Remove volume type access entries.
Return detail information about a persona.
Create a virtual server
Test reading an arbitrary file.
Encrypt data with OHDave s RSA algorithm.
Create a fake kqueue.
Read ASCII table with fixed width autocolumn headers.
Delete metadata for a volume.
Parse a circular entry.
Concatenate lists of tuples or list of tuples into a single tuple.
Increase stream retention period by retention_hours
Parse a RFC822 - formatted date string.
Return list of active website users
Split a path into a list of path components.
Wrap input into output.
Returns the revision label for the given changeset.
Return relativee relative to basepath.
Decode a base64 encoded string into a tuple of timestamps.
Returns True if the file at the given filepath is hidden.
Run a command and return the output as an integer.
Test the conversion of an io w file to a source estimate file
Return the status of a job
Create a new enumeration object.
Run addmodify repo on the module.
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
PHYSICAL INFORMATION Section 9. 1. 28
Builds the correct answer dictionary for vsepr.
Returns a tuple containing a boolean and a string representation of whether or not the system is virtual.
Check that the bitmap is valid.
Generate a list of tiles.
Nltk demo 18 +
Check if a locale is available.
Strip site theme templates path from the URI.
Copy a remote bazaar WC into a working copy
Compare two token lists for equality.
Test that the coercing fill value is of the correct type
GetcraftedText from a text file.
Read 4 bytes as a signed integer value.
Return a list of package IDs for the specified package.
Return the full path to the makefile for the current platform.
Serialize two items into tabhistory format.
Generate a random integer id.
Compare the contents of the file system directory to those of the system.
Calculate the aperture position in true coordinates.
Escapes special characters in a string.
Describe a subnet.
Ensure that a distance object is valid.
Sets the x - axis and y - axis according to the given frequency.
Train and test the SAE algorithm.
Encode a set of values.
Returns True if the given object is a nltk. tree. tree. tree instance.
describe_dhcp_options.
Check that the GCRS distance and distance differ.
Return the friendly name for the given attribute.
Escape any script tags in the text.
Returns a binary16bytebyterepository object.
Extracts a member from the archive to the specified path.
Compute the TF - IDF of the input vectors.
Get the raw fif file.
Register a formatter class with the given name.
Chunk sentences into n - grams.
Format a context dictionary into a string.
Get a class from a module.
Process locks.
Inner join two tables.
Suppress warnings for testtools skip decorators.
List members of a slug.
Get the inputs and outputs of a rule.
Toggle skill subscription.
Return a mysensorsnotificationservice object.
test for strings. rfill
Get a list of zones for each node ID.
Validates a GCS bucket name.
Test the angular momentum of a pendulum.
Returns the entity group corresponding to the given reference.
Adds a weights regularizer to the collection.
Pads the tensor to the left with str_ every n_ones.
Determine if the current architecture is an X64 architecture.
Test phase slope index.
Register a callback for application finalization.
Generate a secret that can be used to generate a cookie.
Get Spider stats.
Check vtkey for validity.
Print out a string representation of the data.
Return a dense orthogonal matrix.
Deepcopy some keys in a dictionary.
Coerce a path to a file system encoding.
Permutation score.
Update a value in a file.
Temporarily expect warnings on a database.
Open a pseudo - terminal.
Runs the given script and asserts that it doesn t double install.
Test that the world can absorb lambdas and spew.
Check if the user has permission to delete a dictionary.
Return URI as a string.
Check the format of a reference name.
Return the fake entries for a worker group.
Make a histogram from a list.
Convert a signal signum to an integer.
Create an instance of the genericscript class.
Return True if the system is virtual otherwise False.
Normalize a dict so that the keys have the same length.
Intersect a trust region with a given point.
Expand environment variables in a path.
Test that the itersource and join nodes can be used in a workflow.
Parse a GFF attribute string into a dictionary.
Restore a backup of the specified backup_id from the specified path
Returns a dictionary of URLs to summary URLs for a resource.
Like dictsort but reverse.
Run the example.
Given a list of lines return a dict of library - > list of IDs.
Given a frag_index and a list of part nodes return a list of partners.
Writes a table to a html file with fill values filled with masked.
Perform bootstrap sampling of data.
Convert an index to one.
Create or update a dashboard
Coerce a value to an integer.
Fit the instance cell to the number of cores.
Test that the user namespaces are stored correctly.
Start a worker thread that runs app in a separate thread.
Return static file path.
Check if two variables are the same graph with merge.
Test for sampclienterror.
Returns a list of request states.
Calculate the CRC for the given string.
Get the typelibs for the given module and version.
List all nictags
Topologically sort data and flatten.
Prints the given course.
Load a tag library.
Inverse Erf function.
Send a PUT request.
Revoke an approval request for a given token.
Check if x is an integerlike.
Post - process the matches to find overlapping regions.
Ensure that text is a unicode string.
Convert native set to Python list.
Filter queryset to only return entries published on current site.
Reinitializes the package manager.
Render a single page.
Validate repoweb value.
Get the latest episode for a series.
Convert an object to a sequence.
Test the ica rejection buffer.
Returns a printf - style format string for the given struct type.
Parses stories from a file and returns a list of tuples containing the parsed story q answer
Get the ABI tag.
List all the floating IPs on the account.
Saturate a color by a given percentage.
Get a method for a given resource in a given API
Creates prefix notification.
Command line tool to read files from stdin.
Send a slack message with the data
Recursively look up the memory map corresponding to the backing store of a.
Return a new instance of cls whose platform is this_platform.
Convert a string from nl to br.
Remove the specified file or directory
A decorator that raises a stub error if the procedure is not a barrier.
Get the IP address of the request.
Check the status of a service.
declaration_declarator_1..
Return the width of the longest name in a list of service names.
Configure BGP using a config file.
Test if try_import works.
Run multiproc with a false flag.
Kill an image.
Editor mode for emacs.
Create a LBaaS policy.
Returns a list of changesets for the logged in user.
Returns the geometryoutput in manipulated form.
Given a SQLAlchemy data object return a dictionary describing the data.
Implement timedelta sign.
Convert a byte string to a long integer.
Get datastore type for the current application.
Block average above the dddd.
Writes the chain text to a file.
List all the resource pools for this VMware environment
Find the type of subscription the user is subscribed to
Appends extra_html to the content of http_resp.
Compute HMAC - SHA256 of the given ETag on the given key.
Yield tuples of grouped label groups colors data_color_order data_color_
Check the number of features on the system.
Return the bootstrap theme URL.
Return whether or not the group has volumes.
Get the storage engine for the given conf.
Safely get a design.
Count the number of items in a list.
Unban twitter accounts.
Translate a Greek letter or other symbol.
send a packet to a peer and receive a response
Rename transcripts.
Return a list of models for the given app_labels.
Process the next message from the queue.
Cleans a string for use as an IAM name for the AWS API.
Check if the file is a reparse point.
Generate an MD5 hash of a password.
Test QTT log ignoring errors.
Get all remote methods for all registered view classes.
Convert a Ticket object to a tuple.
Resets and initializes the policy.
Add a zone slave to the master device.
Tests the dcosapisession. dcosapisession. dcosapisession. dcos
Take num items from iter.
Create a valuation object for a list of concepts.
Find all latest backuplists for a given container.
Split a line into a list of words.
Index page and pagefolder models.
Collects the column names for the given attribute specifications.
Raise an untested runtimeerror.
Calculate the bridge direction.
Run a program on the device and return its output.
Test min_informative_str.
Load collection from configuration.
Attempt to deauth a client to a specific monchannel.
Whois information.
Creates or updates the tool dependency objects.
Log an informational message.
Create a new flowgram file.
Calculate age.
Create a new bloom filter.
Return whether or not we re running in a virtualenv.
clausify an expression into a list of clauses.
Returns True if value < arg.
Export a databook to a bytesio stream.
Get bandwidth usage information.
Print a mathematical expression using mathml.
Register the language manager.
Convert data from signed to unsigned using struct. pack.
When the command output of a step is executed it should contain the specified number of characters.
Returns the elementnode with the given key or None if the key is not found.
Temporarily fake stdout and stderr for the duration of the contextmanager.
Delete the named event.
Check that o1 and o2 are close to the number epsilon.
Plot unit points.
Parse a list of hosts into a set.
Get a retention policy.
Check if coordination backend is configured.
Parse a 227 message from the server.
Start a VM.
Check the fields for validity.
A test for the output_format. suffix function.
Compute the diff between two pipeline definitions.
Returns the absolute path to the source or compiled file for the given object.
Return the distance in Gcode from the original text.
Read all style files in a directory and return a dictionary of rc params.
Factor product of a list of factors
Returns a list of all media in the MediaList.
Detect peaks in mx at time t.
Returns a list of all gc objects that match a regex.
Helper function to get image information.
Generate the CRC - 16 table.
Indent a string s by width.
View semantic.
Command for moving ship.
Handler for the certificate activation request.
Get safe settings.
Get the tag of a node.
Create a new head file in a repository.
Stub islink.
Run the R7 test.
Call subprocess. call and raise subprocess. CalledProcessError on error.
Collapse line breaks to a given threshold.
Categorical cross entropy with logits.
Get a single work by id.
Emboss transform an image using an emboss transform.
Recursively touch a file or directory.
Run the main program.
ARGS cdfvals along the given axis returns the inverse square root of the distribution
Delete a configuration key.
Create a pony middleware instance.
Build request type.
Extract barcode and sequence from a sequence.
Test for updatefollower.
Open a window for the given file object.
Create a cache cluster.
Returns True if may_be_null is set and False otherwise.
Convert an integer to a symbolic string.
Remove entries from dirnames or filenames based on a blacklist.
Generate random strings.
Create a token store.
Multiply two vectors and return the result.
Generate a random string of the specified length.
Naglog a result to the logger.
Commits the current transaction.
Generate an MD5 hash for a resource.
Create a new channel.
Write the documentation for the specified app.
Format a serial number field.
Find the most recently modified utmp file.
Get the changeset revisions that have changed since the last commit.
Get all attribute names of an object recursively.
Compute the eigenvalues of the spectrum of an adjacency matrix.
Rwang - Ryzin regularization function.
A generator for streaming change messages from a namespace.
Create a graph of desargues.
Close connection.
Determine the number of sockets available for the module with the given name.
Returns the intersection of two sets.
Convert to fixed orient.
Wrap x so that x is between m and m.
Imports a library from an XML document.
Get the desired package name.
Return an anon redirect URL.
Get a dictionary from the backend.
Returns a tuple of boolean_ and a string representation of whether or not the feature is enabled.
STATUSEnquiry Section 9. 2. 13
Test that we can count the number of lines and columns in a multi - inner token
Return grains for a given host user and password.
Returns the current education level.
Find the webserver path for a given description.
Serialize obj to unserialized JSON.
Delete a file from the default storage backend.
Filter a list of classes based on their preconditions.
Constructor for a shared variable of a sparse matrix.
Unary minus operator
Test boxing for quartiles.
Remove hidden settings from a dictionary.
Returns a plural version of the model name for the given object.
Install flocker and docker - plugin on all nodes.
Run a test process when the process never started.
Fail if first and second do not refer to the same object.
Softly delete an object.
URL encode a value.
Invalidate pricing cache for a driver module.
List of available regions.
Returns the header of a column.
Compute the entropy of x.
assign statement num_ ++ assign statement name
Formats the given nodetext with dedent and strip.
Register a new bundle under the given name.
Return the hash value of x.
Match a time stamp file.
Reset password for a user
Find the indices of the repeated elements in an array.
Guess the format of the given string.
Run the hocmgr test in a fake way.
Finds if the given element is at the start of the document.
Returns a dictionary of old package revision license IDs.
Setup the coordinate map.
Summarize the activations of x.
A detail view of a category.
Class decorator for registering a volume driver.
Finds the starting position of the best score.
URL quote.
Run a standby program and wait for it to finish.
Test hostblocker. adblock_update.
Inverse exponential power - of - 2.
Update the value of a gecos key
Prints an error message to stderr and returns the number of bytes written.
Check if the media data is parsed.
Test reading data from a BDF file.
Unpack a URL into a directory.
Create a tix window containing a text message and a button.
Filters the trans to find a changeset revision that doesn t include any tool test components.
Return a urlparse object for the given URL.
JIT version of the Gram - Scipy equation.
Update a resource.
Convert a resource to a resourcerecordset.
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
Remove all dag task instances from the database.
Get the frontend url.
Internal function to display a unified time frequency spectrum.
Check if the user has fulfilled all the prerequisites
Get the value of a pointer attribute.
Make an inverse operator from a noise operator and a forward solution.
Generator that returns a list of all processes in the addr_space.
Convert string to snake case.
Get json from requests response.
Get the intersection of xintersectionstables.
Insert an axis into the strides.
Return a list of all projects.
Returns True if entry_1 is the same as entry_2 False otherwise.
Decorator to define a callback method.
Generate an image from a numpy array.
Get the current theme for the given request.
Read a list of keys from a registry key.
Returns a list of scheduler events for the specified event.
Return a list of all services that are enabled and available.
Main entry point for spyder.
Check that the field_name is in the data_fields list.
Format the generated config header
Fetches the tool versions for the given tool_shed_repository.
Parse cap geolocation XML post parse.
Callback function to get information about a connection.
Return template path and type.
PAGING REQUEST TYPE 2 Section 9. 1. 13
Get the version filename.
Export a databook as a JSON string.
Given an action_db return a schema that can be used to validate the parameters of the action
Estimate the log - likelihood from the weights.
Check that the follow_definition method works.
Return the joyent node state for the given id.
Format a device for printing.
Extract HTTP information from an exception.
Get the md5 checksum of a file.
Get the application ID from the environment.
Detach a zone from the host
Encrypt data with the given key.
List storage accounts on the connected instance.
Test write_invalid_toplevel_meta_ipac.
Symlink source to destination.
Generate a random number.
Check if the given number of jobs is valid.
Read a symbolic link from the hard disk.
Get the capture log level.
Parse a list of key - value pairs.
Load all tvshows from the database.
Check repo write status.
Return the key to use for waiting for MPI messages to send.
Create a mkdirfilelock file.
Add a schema entry for the given model type and name.
Returns a decoder function that takes a str_ as input and returns the result.
Convert a date to a datetime.
Transform a transformation matrix by offset and center of mass.
Run a test job.
Find a resource by name or id.
Test that aligned memory is properly aligned.
Check if the environment should be profiled.
Validate that a string has a maximum length.
Attempt to force - escape a value.
Returns a list of tuples where the first element is the track id and the second element is
Register a class as a type.
Takes a string date_str and attempts to parse it into a datetime.
Format a IPv6 address.
Yield tuples of module supported_by and status
Check if a request host is in a whitelist.
Delete user from database.
Weave widget welcome.
Return whether or not the server is virtual.
Return a list of operators that take the absolute value of the node.
Returns the last arg s value or None if no such arg exists.
Generates the translations for the given item.
Returns True if the given graph is a threshold graph.
Get the account ID from a trail arn.
Wrapper for talib. cdlpiercing.
Assert that an event meets the datasource protocol.
Update the global vmx_path.
Return a list of statically available units.
Convert a schema to its schemata representation.
Exit the program without raising an exception.
Return the result of applying f and g to gens.
Temporarily suspends edits on proxy buffers.
Struct or union specifier
Convert a ctypes pointer to a C array.
Create a filter query for the given args.
Allocate s3 controller.
Convert a dictionary of lookup parameters to a dictionary of URL parameters.
Process the xmodule assets
Treats a machine dictionary as a machine dictionary.
Print msg to stream and exit with exit_code.
Check if a device is mounted on the system.
Return the name of the virtual environment.
Determines if a segment is completely in an intersection with another segment.
List available languages.
Convert rads to radsec
Converts a thrift token into a thrift literal.
Returns the URL to link to the user s evidence.
Test the suggestions of a keyhint.
Set the P to zero in the Psphere.
Scale a value between two values.
Return a tuple containing the root_id parent_id and the current task index.
View for detail user.
Creates a cellisrule object with the specified operator and formula.
Returns a list of python directory names recursively.
Generate a JSON Schema for the given document class.
Remove a jacket from a container.
Convert value to float.
Return a list of all nodes on the minion that match the filter.
Sample from a mixture of weights means and standard deviations.
currency page.
Verify code in the given revision.
Changes the num_ to the value of num_ in p.
Definition for the translations group
IDENTITY RESPONSE Section 9. 2. 13
Resolve a PDF object.
Add user and role needs for identity.
Returns True if the given config file is safe False otherwise.
Count the number of records in a BIFF file.
Install as a pgi module.
Create a deferred that will fail with the given result.
Delete an instance from the info cache.
Print equality and inequality predicates.
Return a list of repos.
Return a list of doctests.
Fetch an option from the config.
True version of bool_
Anonymize the MAC addresses of a network interface.
Format args and kwargs as a single string.
Check if system state change.
Redirect to the root of the project.
Convert a monobius moment to an interval.
View function that is called when the user logs in.
Verifies that the cross product works for 3d.
Get the support mail address.
Parse RFC822 - formatted date string.
Convert datetime to ISO 8601 string.
Thresholding function for Bayesian utilities.
Read a sequence of values from a RLE file.
Get a node by host and nodename.
See categorylinksplugin.
Sort a string naturally.
Set the power state of the smart plug.
Close cover tilt.
Extracts a list of key - value pairs from a dictionary of parameters.
Convert a percentage value to an integer.
Returns the file path of the given object.
Get the images table
upscale an image by a given ratio
Return the linear least - squares solution to a polynomial.
Concatenate multiple XML files into a single string.
Check correctness of channelwise function using maximum pooling.
Daemonize the process if the platform is in opts.
Replay gain mode.
Get all auditlog entries older than now.
Test that str_ is a valid module name.
Extract image metadata from system metadata.
Stops the salt process.
Print the job information for a given job id
Start a new thread.
Get a port from a device.
Return a sleepevent.
Calculate the average temperature.
Return the thickness of the sheet from an element node.
Unit testing the Stockwell API.
This function subscribes to in_url and then publishes to out_url every bool_ seconds
Returns a list of strings that are naughty.
Creates a client for working with Cloud Datastore.
Convert datetime to ordinal float.
Test sympy. pi. pi. test_pi_pi.
Template tag that returns a 500 error.
Create category objects from a sequence of bits.
Returns the full path to a renewal file for a given lineagename.
Return an iterator over all registered collectors.
Returns the number of GPUs on the system.
Return a list of absolute paths to plugins of the given plugin package.
View for nesting exceptions.
Write complex128 data to file.
Expand a list of columns from an order_by list.
EnhancedNeighbours fit_sample with indices.
Check if a topic exists.
Sorts the input_iterator in batches and writes the result to output_path.
Get the date of the commit with the given commit_id.
Find the release date source for the given xblock.
Returns a connection object to the SMTP server.
Returns the current seed for the program.
Run pip and verify that the schema is installed in the requirements file.
Delete a thread.
Save and delete a draft message via gmail.
Runs a test suite.
Inserts a new record into the database.
Get the viewport ID.
Update a port
Generate a random salt.
Reads directory changes from a Windows handle.
Test the stepschedule implementation.
Check if an image is present on the computenode
Parses the given module text and returns the module AST.
Raises an exception with the specified arguments.
Normalize a version string to have num_ parts.
Render a crispy addon.
Context manager that hides the given attributes from the given object.
Acquire the lock for the current thread.
Initialize the terrain module.
The studio task.
Return a sequence of attachments where num_ is the number of strings.
Open an error resource.
Return a symbolic object of length for symbol symb.
Returns True if the cookie is a confirmed cookie False otherwise.
Main loop for sending messages.
Install packages via xbps.
Verify that we can download setuptools and other packages.
Run the HTML inputter with no BS4.
Scans a directory or file for videos.
Get the total volume of an inv_item.
Print all queries in the database.
Discretize a ground - state.
Get the path to the documentation file.
Test scenario with inline comments.
Return a human resource controller
Find the path to a given file in a list of searchpaths.
Return the endpoint address of the given address.
Create a temporary configuration directory.
Get the parents of the given items.
Return list of datasets followees of a user.
Adds a batch axis to a variable so that it can be used as a batch axis.
Prints a logo.
Split host into host and port tuple.
Clone the current repo into the repo_root directory.
Split provision into version number and version.
helper function for policyfilereplaceorappend
Pass a bracket to the next character in the source string.
List teams in the organization.
S3 REST controller for notes.
Returns a list of the current privileges for the current user.
Set cors middleware defaults.
Yields all files with the given suffix in the given base path.
Show the weights report.
Convert naive timestamp to UTC
Return the user s cohorting settings as JSON.
Extrude the text of a file.
Create a batch notification listener
Adds a classifier layer to the network.
Test the prefix of a table.
Check if a view is a list view.
Test for GEMINI v1. 2.
Check if the expected value is present and if so raise an exception.
Returns the unwrapped ball.
Make a two - dimensional grid from two arrays.
Get multiple keys from the memcache.
Extract array using numpy. extract_array.
Asserts that the given response has the given status code and body.
Unescape the given text.
Initialize libc module.
Find a base image for a given flavor.
E unit test.
Remove null - refct calls and pairs from the function.
Add checksums to the request headers.
Parses a string or list of strings into a list of colors.
Try to catch the request and return the urlopen and a bool_ tuple.
Pull a Docker image.
Ensure that cv. ensure_list_csv works.
Callback called when a message is sent to the Crazyflie
Create a VBD.
Return the difference in modlists.
Compare two NZF objects by date.
Opens the given path.
Create a JSON document that represents the given sent value.
Make sure that the specified hostname is not known to the specified user.
Merge all files in folder src into folder dst.
Test the description of a long named feature.
Find and return the path to a registered package.
Update the current universe.
Returns the value of the other endian attribute of the given type.
Find the nearest point in x along axis.
Print the confusion matrix.
Convert a list of tuples to a dictionary.
Get all EIPs associated with an account.
Dump a Python function to a Pickle - formatted string.
Unpacks uint8 values from an array.
Blank line.
Send a message to the listeners.
Destroy a VM.
Read a configuration file as a dictionary.
Run a salt extension
Decorator to make a function overloading.
Group messages by class and id.
Shorten a string if it is longer than l.
Finds the index of the closest point to the other point in the loop.
Return the indent word of the source code.
Convert a datetime to a timestamp.
Feature selection algorithm.
Return a list of all floating IPs.
Include debug information in the context.
Check if an IPv6 address is included in the given prefix.
Get all OAuth settings.
Add a member to a list.
Given a list of parts and a list of whitespace characters combine the parts into a single ws string
Calculate the jitter coordinate for a violin curve.
Returns True if the running module is frozen False otherwise.
Build all the HTML and latex files.
calibration matrix for my calibration
Rank data.
Main entry point for the markdown program.
Log - likelihood for AR1 model.
Test the vocab lexeme < =.
Import data from a CSV file.
Convert a string to a slug.
Returns a test suite.
Extended extend links tasks
Render a template to a string.
Get library directories from config.
Create a UDP packet.
Swaps two rows of a matrix.
Print a progress string to stdout.
Handles an internal error.
Floor the input matrix and return the result.
Concatenates a list of lists into one list.
Get object information.
Check if l is a list.
Causes the given coroutine to terminate and returns the exit code.
Recursive implementation of add_mul_fusion.
Fetch inactive registration IDs from APNS.
Check if the given key is expired.
Validates the given configuration.
Find the ancestry of the given path.
Sends a notification email when a new instance of the apiaccessrequest has been chosen.
Start a glusterfs volume
Returns the number of phones in the system.
Remove pyc and pyo files
Runs the script and tests that the output of the script doesn t contain a command line argument
Resolve a document.
Initialize the parameter module.
Logs an exception.
Run decompiler for d.
Context manager that handles localization errors for nova.
Test smoteenn with bad ratio.
Load default and user configuration.
Convert a list of bytes to an integer.
Parse updates line.
Compute the log density at x for a spherical model.
Extract a zip file to a directory.
Returns the WSAction output for the given operation.
fake is_vim_object.
Check if atrun is enabled
Return list of subpackages of given package.
Return the migrationbot username for a user_id.
Rollback and close the database.
Returns True if the given value is a valid ImDB person ID.
Tests the creation of a UUID.
Get access token from code returned by graphapi.
Return the number of freedman diameter bins of a.
Set the expiration time of a key
Render a template to a file.
Verify that the certificate is valid.
Test the random_sample method for repeated computations.
Find the intersection point of two spheres.
Installs a readline hook to run at the start of the program.
Try to open IPv6 socket.
Check if a port is open.
Create a WSGI application.
Build a package from a pkg_file.
Find a module in the current directory.
Parse a list of RGB tuples into a single rgba tuple.
Clean up a groupname.
Create a disk from a distro.
Calculates the log - likelihood of an observation given a binary bayesian model
Ensure a dashboard is absent.
Create a new canvas for a figure.
Initialize a client test.
Returns the MD5 hash of a string.
Prepend the scheme netloc and path to a URL.
Pluck a field from a list of rows.
Return a list of theme directories.
Return the literal value of a node.
Create a keyhint widget and add it to Qtbot.
Create a heavy job element.
Get the uplink portgroup for the given portgroup_name.
Get the name of the parent module at the given level.
Verify that the bucket is writable.
Register the file extensions to the registry.
Convert unicode to unicode.
Checks if the value is a valid URL.
Set the chost variable
Summarize activations.
Get stats for network interfaces.
Return a lower case version of the value.
Find the numbering of a scene given its indexer and absolute number.
Test the initialization of the OSS object.
Check if the given method is a static method of the given class.
Initialize gamestate from sgf_root.
Callback for genclientlib.
Set SSL certificate.
Entry point for WSGI application.
Strip prefix from device name.
List all available nameservers.
Convert an IPv6 address from binary form to RFC 1924.
Return session query for the given model.
Sort a list of records in a single chunk.
Create a directory tree for the given list of files.
Returns the stringified type of the given tree.
Return an iterator over the list of containers on the minion
Get instance name.
Registers a function to edit the current text in an editor and execute it.
Get the ARN for a given name.
Set media player position.
Create a dummy VM create spec.
Loads statsprotos from memcache and returns them sorted by timestamp.
Monkey patch urllib3. connection. ssl_wrap_socket to support ssl_wrap_
Discriminant logarithmic approximation.
Returns True if the given set of nodes is an independent subset of the given graph.
Returns a blit. bitmap for a given tile.
Return the VN ID for a given virtual network.
View function that returns the financial assistance page.
Remove a site from the system.
Returns a version string for the given version string.
Check the status of the named service.
Parse a version string into a tuple.
Multiply two dimensions.
Return the language object.
Return the string representation of a webattack vector.
Computes the regularization for the given alpha ratio and regularization.
Make a query request
Ensure that the named index template does not exist.
Create a qpalette with the specified colors.
Check if a link is available on the system
Assert that the caret is invisible.
Return True if the user is using the xquartz window.
Return gid as an integer.
Check if the system is running in a standard way.
Register the language manager.
Return the snapper pre data for a given jid
Return the number of logical cpus on the system.
Test consistency on CPU serial.
Write contents to file_name.
Return an array of at least num_ dimensions.
Run a command and return its output as a string.
Run command line test.
View for a task time slot.
Test allknn. sample with runtimeerror.
Returns the size of the file at the given path.
S3 REST controller for subscription.
Find an executable in the current working directory.
Filters the input harrisim array to return only the points within the specified distance threshold of
Encode the given topo_x into a set of rings.
Pickle a Python object.
set basic logger to warn
Validate device and partition.
Return a list of URLs for messaging.
Truncate an alert string to a maximum number of bytes.
Returns the full path to the system binary.
Convert 7l7777m to 8 bit integer.
Recursively convert a list of dictionaries into a list of dictionaries.
Get the version of the rar file.
Returns a reverse URL for the given view name.
Redirects the user to the specified location.
Test scenario after receiving an email.
SSH page.
Default loader that uses none relationship strategy.
Enter the XML in an advanced problem.
Returns a boolean icon for the given value.
Returns a list of SQL statements that should be committed to the database.
Upload an image stream optimized for vmdk.
Loop over the audio.
inverseqtransform transforms a transformation matrix
Generate a list of Target instances for the given target_source.
Main entry point for the script.
Twitter inbox controller.
List users belonging to this account.
Destroy vm.
Write dat to ascii. fixedwidthnoheader with no header and no delimiter.
Check if the given weight is a weight that is a dyad weight.
Check if an object is in a nested list.
Bump version.
Convert a name value to a BSON value.
Check if user is logged in.
Parse the response content.
Validate read preference.
Executes a command for the specified plugin.
Check estimators fit returns self.
Load the ldconfig cache if it is not already loaded.
Least power - of - 2 comparison.
Make a slug for a list.
Parse a version string.
Returns a tuple consisting of bool_ and str_.
Return the items in baselist that are in comparelist.
Return JSON data for a document.
Import a module by its fully qualified name.
Returns a list of primary key column names for the given model.
MODIFY Section 9. 2. 2
Swap the xapi host in a URL.
Extracts a snapshot from disk using qemu.
Returns a sparse matrix for diffusion along axis.
Get the domains of a certificate.
Check if the given path has the given ownership.
Loops through the configuration file and creates a configserver object for each.
Return the number of physical cpus.
Setup platform based on config.
Reopen the zpool
Quit application.
Return a list of binaries for qt5_qml_plugins.
Check if nupicbindingsprerelease is installed.
stage a platform hpp file to zmqroot
Send data to a netlog file.
Check if a dhcp options exists.
Create a blob uploader and upload content.
Returns a list of positive integers.
Highlight an HTML tag.
Returns the new derivative for the given prefix and sidelength.
Test the ad - hoc coverage.
Add the stats to a report section.
Get the current hazard controller.
See copy_transpose.
Disconnect from the API.
Remove old versions of upgrade_code and upgrade_code_snapshot.
Get a Jinja2 template by name.
Remove handlers from the application.
craftedgcodefromtext - GetcraftedGcode from text
Add the help page to the menu.
Calculates the optimal graph size for each unique KMER and prints the results.
Find autosummary files in a list of files.
Check if the html string is valid.
Import a module or skip if it is already imported.
Simple wrapper around sync_request.
Get the most recent exercises for a user.
Generate search paths for the specified header.
Setup the platform for flux light.
Definition of the Wilks - Wilks lambda.
Check that the dtype_set contains only strings dtypes.
Get the label for a field of a model.
Update a plex library.
Register Python language information.
Entry point for the datastore backup script.
Convert an ordinal float to a datetime. datetime.
Show the properties of an affinity group.
Make a translation string from one string to another.
Reads a stored checksum from the database.
Mute the middle of a string.
Signup or verify a user.
Strip leading and trailing whitespace from a string.
Checks if the given path is an unsaved path.
Report an unknown attribute.
Get a nova session.
Convert a datetime to a timestamp protobuf.
Generate a random hex UUID.
Wrapper for ndb. toplevel.
Unary operator.
Read the content of a cached file.
Generate a random array of unicode characters.
Remove the inspector from the window.
Compare two evokeds by channel names.
Get the values of the service parms.
Returns whether the xblock has children that are visible to specific content groups.
Generate random strings of length nchars.
Update bandwidth usage.
Create a base cipher from a dictionary of parameters.
Call a Xenhost plugin method
Convert an XML element from one of its class names to another.
turns all ints in a list into strings
Runs the managementfeed demo
Create a testing engine.
Submit a condor job.
Remove all samples in a directory.
Returns a decoder function that takes a str_ as input and returns the result.
If name is a string return it otherwise return default.
Prints a debugging message for a signal.
Unpack epochs into a list of epochs.
Parse a method descriptor.
Check if the given name is available in the system.
Remove a message from a channel.
Generate an HTML representation of the inheritance diagram.
Converts a string representation of a value to a list of tuples.
Assert that the clock is idle.
Check PayPal ID validity.
Prints a list of strings to stderr if they are available.
Returns a context dictionary containing a list of Sidebar announcements for the given list of objects.
Return the complete key or raise an exception.
Make saucelabs desired capabilities.
Return a tuple containing a boolean and the name of the virtualenv
Test the conversion of a SIP HST header to a FITS header.
Is x a PUISEux?
Create a list of dicts from colnames and rows.
Create a list form class with the given widget.
make a list of IDs num_ in p
Test attribute emptyness.
Read the shape of the BTI header file.
Normalizes and reduces a list of paths.
Return the OS name and OS ID for a given flavor.
Find the betweenness of all nodes from a source node to a given cutoff.
Return the buffer size for the given interface.
Helper for diff_expand_link.
Clean up XML text in preparation for parsing.
Return the shortest path from a list of locations.
Test nearmiss function with ratio invalid.
Return the number of items in a queue.
Name generator command.
Set the mtu for the specified device.
Return the URL for the document with the given anchor.
Start a new configuration process.
Convert a list of HSV values to RGB values.
Returns the path of the helix in the helix derivatives.
Returns a list of the currently active child processes.
Get trackpoint object.
Returns a list of the basenames of each file in filelist.
Render a label.
Return a scipy sparse eye.
Discard the response body.
Make a suite from a ROOT histogram.
Restrict a folding dataset to a subset of its features.
Returns a list of datasets for the given lddas.
Deletes a task from memory.
Create a new volume taskflow.
Given a template_url and user_config_data verify that the repository_url in the
Get the weight from the persisted block.
Split a string using shlex.
Labeled statement.
Write data to fd and close fd.
Generate a set of random names.
Sync all modules state pillars engines and pillars in the specified environment
Setup the platform.
Destroy a volume type.
Return True if x is a numpy arraylike.
Creates a new metadef resource type.
Decompose a power - rational expression into a numerator and denominator.
Create a private IP for a given Linode.
Return a version string for the given version object.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the given filter matches the request.
Parse the given SSH password rule.
Adds vectors to the vocabulary.
Check if the given image name is valid.
Get real social auth object.
Load backends and plugins into a build configuration.
Create a tensor of the specified dimension.
Get the salt interface to use.
Return a tuple of a boolean_ and a string_ indicating whether or not the module is installed
Download a webfile from a URL to a local file.
Returns the executable for the given process ID.
Return an unhandled exception message.
Unpickle a model.
Get full url from server name server port and relative url
Memoized version of is_app.
Check that the gzipped file is compressed.
Returns a NCName for the given qualified name.
Get all mirrors for the given git_name
Returns the SSL adapter class for the given name.
List the contents of a queue.
Convert a file absolute path to a file uri.
Processes the paths specified in the options.
Flatten a series of applications into a single flat row
Get the application ID for the given ios.
T standardised log likelihood with dysfunction
Wrapper around _add_fossil_segment to handle os and subprocess errors.
Get a configuration option by name.
Extracts the token list and preclist from a definition token.
Check that a user_id exists in the database.
Resizes and resizes the image.
Return a DataSpec for a set of signed dtypes.
Regression wrapper.
Run a WSGI server on the given port.
Validate a sound.
Tamper a string.
Delete the filesystem on the module.
Returns True if the given scope contains a private variable that is not part of the class or instance
Format data to out.
Move a file from one bucket to another using S3.
Initialize console logging.
Encode attachments using base64.
Blend multiple columns together into one.
Setup supervisor.
Find first index of element x in a < = x.
AssignmentExpression | | | | | |.
S3 facility controller
Execute a runner on the master
Compare two dictionaries and report the differences.
Read a screed. PartitionFile into a generator.
Wraps the traceback. format_exception function.
Submit a weather forecast for a specific location.
Processes the given element node by performing a depth - first search.
Get all students in a student batch
Set the policies of a backend server.
Clear all variables from the current context.
Refine an expression.
Add a package to a dictionary of installed packages.
Create a GRR API object using HTTP connector.
Returns a vim. filter. Filter that matches tasks
Returns a serialized type with a template applied to it.
Fail if settings do not satisfy requirements.
Sends an email to staff members about the order.
Decode the payload of a task.
Generate a random filename.
Return host and port from URL.
Return a list of installed packages.
Post - match handler.
Main entry point for osx install and uninstall.
Count the number of files in a given chunk size.
Returns the URL for the given bug.
Base64 encode a string.
Calculate the SHA - 1 hash of the given object.
Expand environment variables and user home directory.
Get a workflow instance for a local service.
Check if a column has a value.
Create a topic.
Stages a plugin.
Return netstat information for Linux systems
Restrict dict to only contain items whose key is in keys.
Process a Thrift service declaration.
Convert an exception to a tuple of type value traceback object.
Return the power of a normal given its effect size nobs and alpha.
Generate a password using the MSSQL old password format.
Return a configuration object for this module.
Return a safe repr of an object.
Add two images together.
Match the metric in the given string.
Returns a list of available locales.
Test the duallinker divmod function.
Create a keyparser instance.
Create a volume glance metadata record.
Return the month number corresponding to a month name.
Apply string formatting to a value.
Legen function.
Run freeview_bem_surfaces.
Add a course to an organization.
Get the default site for a given application.
Download setuptools and build an egg.
Show a list of flags for a user.
Compute error rates.
Cartesian to Polar coordinates conversion.
Create a thin pool and logical volume.
Return the latest downloaded repository metadata if it includes tools.
Create a mock response for GET requests.
Ensure that the named service does not exist
Returns a constant for num_ of one.
Process an XML element.
Convert a POSIX path to an absolute local path.
Initialize the module for signing.
Test the difficult of univariate normal distribution.
Updates the unread queries for the given inbox relationships.
Create an identity matrix of length n.
Get float value by a list of keys
Send job review message after job was approved.
Get the training model.
Crop an image to a square.
Get or create the profile object for this user.
Get memory information.
Run the shell pytest - fixture.
Get the XRDS provider XRDS URL.
Send arguments to Spyder.
Temporarily enable named outer atomic queries.
Prints a note that was remarked on.
Return the number of days since the given time.
Split low tag into low tags.
Expand or shorten Gitio URL.
Writes data to a file. Returns the number of bytes written.
Reverse the path.
Get the secondary language for the current site.
Get account by email address or None if not found.
Responds to the request with a list of modules that can be imported.
Parse a simpleflake file.
Parse a streaming media JSON object into a dictionary of streams.
Compute GEM from a node of the form x2.
Write data to stdout
Return game player stats as a dictionary.
Colorize a string.
Main entry point for the script.
Return the root directory for the zipline environment.
Set memory limit.
Return a safe SQL identification string for the given database name.
Parse a localename into a tuple.
Check if x is an iterator.
Context manager that adds a null handler to a logger.
Render a value in the given context.
Prints the string_ and returns the number of lines.
Show the details of a keypair
Unzip a list of lists into a list of nout lists.
Check if the image can be extended.
Check that PEP8 format works.
Detach a load balancer from a load balancer.
Parse a list of stories.
Return the virtual name of the minion.
Make API call to VK
Download a file.
Takes a list and returns the last num_ words of the list as a string.
Stops the geoserver.
Split path into path components.
Set the selinux module state
Get an RVM object.
Call thing if it is callable.
Variance of the directional variance of x.
Wrapper for astroid - building functions.
Return the number of messages stored in the cookiejar.
Extract the full url path and query.
User directive.
Given a list of version strings return a list of version windows.
Remove a section from an ini file.
Enables or disables debugging messages.
Remove self - dependencies from the given targets.
Return a syntax error if the text contains a valid marker.
Pack x into a list if it isn t already.
Format a fastq record as a string.
Collapse consecutive spaces in a string.
Tkinter specific error handler.
Check if the given cache policy headers match those in the given policy headers.
Connect to a PoetryServer on the specified host and port.
Test human - readable formatting.
Add a rate limit rule to the global rules list.
Delete empty folders.
This function is called at the end of the concatenation process.
Return cached mine data.
Filter the output of iptables save.
Read JPEG 2000 file and return as numpy array.
Decode a UTF - 8 string into a unicode string.
Check if a connection has been dropped.
Reduce the number of rings in a channel image.
Obtain the OS version from a show version string.
Quote a string for inclusion in a URL.
Quote a string for use as a comment.
Add domain.
List all users
Test two model instance arithmetic_1d.
Load all certificates in the specified directory.
Incrementally iterate hash fields.
Return l as a hex string without quotes.
I see the dates in the set.
Returns a string representation of the table.
Resolve a symlink path.
Inflate a base64 - encoded string.
Returns the ratio of the ratio of two sequences.
Parse authentication header.
Squeeze x along axis.
Clear password for a server.
XORs two strings.
Read the memory map of a file - like object.
Create a new temporary file.
Get gcd project from environment variable.
Set the value of a field in a document.
Return the path to a jail
Reload a module.
Returns the language code for the given locale.
Returns the last num_ characters of the path.
Instantiate a yaml file and assert that it has the same value as a regression.
Duplicates a spherical - bessel function fn.
OpenShift HAProxy loadbalancer backends.
Enable or disable all objects in list objects.
Update the woeid.
Copy state from one future to another.
Updates the projection of the parameters based on the bools.
Runs the script and asserts that it is installed with the given VCS URL.
Returns locale or default if locale is not available.
Resizes an image.
Decode a BSON timestamp to bson. timestamp. Timestamp.
Prepend the geturl if the value is not a valid URL.
Find credentials from environment variables.
Create image assemble error status.
Create a new lineage for the given testfile.
Extract the value from the Authorization header.
Checks the session for validity.
Convert a maximal media size to an integer.
Get the position of the loop in the context.
Print a summary of the installation.
Return a duration in a human readable format.
Augment the given salt environment with the netapi client.
Configure logging.
Add a header to the message.
Convert a range of IP addresses to a list of network addresses.
Decode a base64 string into a list of integers.
test if config contains client options
Get a network by its CIDR.
Test the implementation of erfinv on a GPU.
Takes a dictionary of tags and returns a list of tags in AWS format.
Reset the global session object to None.
Find the offsets of all line numbers that start at the beginning of the code.
Sends product alerts for all active products
Update a target if it is outdated.
Test parsing a yaml file that contains None values.
Warn user about nonexistent targets.
Resets all warnings.
Return True if running on netbsd.
Expectation test for a deadlocked deliberately broken pipe
Greatest common divisor.
Looks up an encoding by name. Returns None if no encoding is found.
Create a local branch from a Git repository.
Get the version number from the config file.
Get the host of an IP address.
Calculate the total precipitation.
Check if a migration has been completed.
Return the options dict for this minion
Wrapper for call_command_threaded or call_command_subprocess.
Create a cascade from a list of apps.
Schedules a draft message for thread and draft namespace
Return a copy of f with all the normals dup removed.
Return a comma - separated list of integers.
Finds the parent of the element with the specified tag.
Prints a debug message for the given arguments.
Convert a hex file to binary writing to out.
Get the OpenShift version number of the container.
Return a document controller for the specified doctype.
Create a 2D model with convolution2d and maxpooling2d.
Duplicate a media descriptor object.
Update a floating IP address.
Teardown a test.
Create a new key.
Peek at a file in the filesystem.
Check if the title is acceptable.
Create a link between two KEGG databases.
Remove a sysrc file from the minion
Parse a Subject object and return a dictionary of attributes.
Map funcname to a class or function.
Given a list of updates send a video status update
Edit a coordinate dataset.
Setup the platform.
Load dictionary from file
Ports all the entities of the current environment to the datastore.
Return True if d1 < d2 and False otherwise.
Add a blank line at the end of a statement
Get the name of the current branch
Add together lists of functions in functionlist to togetherlists.
Apply a softplus transformation to x.
Install twisted. internet. main import installreactor
Send a broadcast message to the given topic on the given topic.
idxs_take implementation.
Get documents for the given locale.
Returns a list of tuples of all available images.
Convert a text string to a word sequence.
Add an integer field to an instance.
Perform a smooth step between two edges.
Remove the specified package from the system.
Yield tuples of args and mydict.
Ensures that the named service is disabled.
Add a new mpd playlist.
Return True if the page is a 404 page.
Check if the given title is a series or episode title.
Insert default options into sys. argv.
Update a contact and assert that it exists in the database
Complement a list.
Clear the placeholder cache for the specified language and site.
Crypt pyherion code.
Saves a forum role.
A simple task that runs in the background.
Get the previous medialist player.
Displays whether network time is on or off.
Teardown the temporary test directory.
Extract the max age from the response headers.
Check that the job_dependencies are consistent.
Create a new sync point.
Does the given host have the given IP address resolved?
Recursively check if the expr has a simple delta at the given index.
Find web_get_notepad_pages function.
Remove a user from a MySQL server.
Runs karma.
Reconints a set of IDs to a set of projected IDs.
Find the number of multipart post boundary.
Register a serializer for a given format.
Returns the pants Scm instance.
Checks if the specified user has access to the specified discussion_id.
Run a git command and see if it contains a dev server string.
Load a package s dependencies.
Obtain a new certificate from the config.
Generate a random challenge.
Record the payment information.
Match template filename.
Tamper a string with a random string.
Cumulative standard deviation cdf.
enumerate_list_1 enumerate_list_2.
Split code at show.
Remove extra characters from extra and convert to lowercase.
Generate art URLs for the asin of the album.
Request a resource restoration for the given id.
Extended Greatest Common Divisor of a and b.
Generate a random string.
A test for gmail missing a trashed folder.
CM SERVICE ACCEPT Section 9. 2. 13
Shorten a message body.
Get download url when batch job is ready.
Load a pycryptodome module with its raw name.
List members without MFA authentication.
Merge segments that have fewer than num_ documents.
Find a module by full name.
Extract entities from a template.
Validate rl_backward_kill_word.
Check if file name is an archive file.
Read a character list from a text file.
Clean data if condition.
GaussianB distribution with less than one prior
View function that returns a list of groups
Apply the operators of an expression.
Encode a float field.
Remove a module from the current directory.
Find package data.
Display a list of sale orders filters statuses and massform.
Recursively assigns mlst to llst and rlst.
Generates a list of statements that describe the path between the old_rules and new_rules.
Add the modified time of a file to the document.
Create the default config dir if it doesn t exist.
Concatenate multiple lists into one.
Create a figure.
Plots histograms.
Randomly sample a point from a sphere
Returns the global directive that will be applied to all hug directives
Create a trials instance from a list of trial documents.
Returns the output string of the end geometry XML file.
Perform a prefetch for one level of the relational data.
Unsharp mask.
Return the sigmoid of x.
Get architecture from image metadata.
Split a path into a list of path parts.
Return the reference number for the given resource type and resource ID.
Disable tracing.
Replaces constants in the source code with the values in replacements dict.
Summary information about the given worker.
Returns a list of stylesheet files.
Determine whether the given node is an ancestor of the given frame.
Return the type of an object.
Create a new python collection.
Add intersections of loops to lineloopsintersections
Returns the S3 REST controller resource type.
Subtract two numbers.
Run command on multiple app servers.
Check the status of a qdatastream.
Prune stale cached pafs and streams.
Returns a list of all services supported by the system.
Parse Django admin options.
grab certbot log
Submit a POST request to the Gitlab server
Combine the sections that share the same name.
Iterate over a range of bytes from a file starting at offset.
Loads the positive and negative data files and their labels.
Save the content to the content store.
Checks if the session cookie is present in the response.
Writes the output to a file.
Returns a dictionary containing the fields of the given object that are primitives_only primitives_
Audit changes made to a set of monitors
Quantum encode a message payload.
Transfer paths from the old orderedlocation to the new orderedlocation.
Check if the user has permission to commit a translation.
Test that the validate function works.
Yield all subdocuments of a document.
Return a new retty reference.
Flush the database.
Get the value of the input field.
Returns a list of mechanisms in the XSO.
Check if connection object has method with given name.
Verify email for a given user.
Register a filter for string literals.
Accept or reject an invite.
Convert the value to a float and return the default if the conversion fails.
Test reconstruction with zeros.
Deserialize count specs.
Return a DIMACS C - style variable expression.
Log a single character.
Returns a dictionary of proxy functions.
Get a list of colors for a given key.
Return the sum of all values of a boolean field.
Finds the maximum value in a vector3 path.
Truncate a polynomial f to a given precision.
Get the hadoop prefix from the Hadoop bin path.
Unregister a class loader.
pruneld reduced version of pruned
Restarts the project.
Loads the data from a pickle file.
Shuffles x to keep the dimensions of y along the specified axis.
Runs the network and writes the results to the writer.
Returns a reStructuredText representation of the given address.
Get the subscription for a document.
Login redirect to login_url.
Remove a database from the MySQL server.
Unescape a string using regular expression.
Download a webpage by item_id.
Test completion for zsh.
List instances dns for a given node type.
Generate project certificate subject.
Return a new carvederivation for the given element.
Handles seen_union.
Return the name of the absolute value of a cell.
Returns the current user or None if the user is not found.
Create a dictionary of formatters from a configuration file.
equity detail page.
Move key k from d1 to d2.
Create a line edit widget and add it to qtbot.
Set the image dimension ordering.
Returns VMDK create spec.
Get the SOAP accessory object.
Return the stat information for a given process.
Build the sdist for a python package.
Generate the readme from the samples with the specified name.
Find the creation sequence of a graph.
Read a GAF BY PROTEINATOR line from the file handle.
Decode num_ bytes from stream starting at offset.
Yield keys from filepaths.
Request the resource identified by the given SHA1 hash.
Create a temporary CA file from a list of anchors.
Dispatch stat results to collectd
Check if the given exception is an unavailable exception.
Provide a test for percentage text.
Run the test server.
Return True if length of value < int of arg.
RELEASE COMPLETENETTOMs Section 9. 2. 3
Check that all the options in opts are present in conf.
Iterate over all children of the given object.
Returns True if the given name is lower case and False otherwise.
Return the hosts file
Mode quiet mode
Get module cache instance.
Return the link to attach to a document.
Github hook helper.
Format a date as a string.
Labeled statement.
Log a Bugdown error.
Posts a discussion on the specified resource.
Extract metadata from HTTP headers.
Create a public key from a public key file.
Computes the 2 - dimensional HCCM of the given Hessian and scale
Unzip a file and yield chunks of hunks.
Select a subset of a series.
Register the translation engine with the given manager.
Return the issue line for the given issue.
Generate state tag.
Get RDP console data.
Find empty alt tag.
Refresh all beacons
Checks whether the value is a valid URI parameter for the given event.
Returns a compiled regex for searching the given query.
Enables or disables astropy deprecation warnings.
Decode a query string from a URL.
Get the source code for an object.
Verify that pip doesn t install packages always from cache.
Create a form field with a length validator.
Check if the given naming pattern is valid.
Converts a tensor to dense format.
Add a neighbour entry.
Volumes list API client.
Tensor foldr with an initializer function.
setrepositorytoline - Set the repository to a specific line.
Run a script and see if it returns a non - zero exit code.
This function adds a new collar - shaft to the specified element.
Delete all objects in a bucket.
Run standby on the system.
Returns the complete course mode information for the given course and enrollment.
Compress a string body.
Read a file from disk.
Finds exactly one file or folder in the given folder. If the folder does not exist it
Combines two datetime objects.
Test if the value is a mapping.
mine_command - mine commands
View function that handles the index view.
Read a code object from a pyc file.
Check if snappy is installed.
Return the name of the file at the given path.
Test the wavefront of a mesh.
Reverses the bits in a 64 - bit integer.
Return the cosine of x.
Return a list of all subscribed subscriptions for the given topic
Convert a dictionary to a string.
Detach a network interface.
Ensure that the named stack is absent.
Plot a pdf.
Configure a service with a client login token.
Parse HTTP headers from a string.
Consume a queue.
List all nodes in the graph.
Capture a card hold.
Determines if a module should be kept.
Remove double quotes from a string.
Khatri - Akaike Information Criterion
Given a set of implications determine the set of alphas that would result from the set of implications
List available languages.
Get the transversals for a set of gens.
Get the geometry output of an element.
Get the public key for a VM.
Get the number of preset presets.
Sanitize separators.
Redefinition of cidr_table_columns from migrate_engine to migrate_engine
Validate that the metadata keys and values are ascii encoded.
Check if URL is unique.
Setup the platform.
Get or create SJSON transcript file.
Get the hostname of the machine.
Return whether or not the minion is running on a Mac OS X minion and the name of the
Parse a list of multipart headers.
Get the gid for this system.
Compile all the views in the given folder.
Compute t - stat and p - value.
xldate_from_time_tuple implementation.
Adjust the shape and strides to match the target shape.
Rotate a list to the right.
S3 REST controller for Sms Outbound Gateway
Convert a string to a formatted string.
Adds an event source to a lambda function.
Commit reservations to a project.
Writes a Flow gram to a socket.
Test that rendering of boolean columns does not prevent rendering of other columns.
Run update_package_db in a module
Decodes a string using the specified encoding.
Create the certificate chain.
Cumulative distribution function.
Returns the line number of the current line.
Attempt to copy original to derived if it is out of date.
Build the path from node1 to node2.
Set the password of a key.
Create a patchset from a string.
Refreshes the local database.
Filters a SFF file based on a list of filters.
Raise HTTP error with given status and message.
Notify systemd daemon process
Open explorer for given filename.
Test isolation forest for sparse and dense data.
Callback function for menus
List all the datastores for this VMware environment
Downcases the word after the cursor.
Returns a list of usernames for the given user_ids.
Get a continuous query.
Create a new image
Piecewise B 0123 test.
Convert a CXX string to an XML string.
Returns a dictionary of social_auth backends.
Get the configured backend.
Convert an object to ANSI escape sequences.
Convert a cell range to a pair of row and column numbers.
Load training and testing data.
Unpack OpenTCPTCPIP message.
Get the minimum 3 - based precision for a radius.
Check if the given bson document is valid.
Ensure that src is a valid sourcespace.
Sends an e - mail to a user.
Command line tool that echoes the command line.
Get an S3 image by ID.
Initialize POSIX environment.
Compute the probability that a is less than or equal to a along the given axis.
Map a glance id to an S3 image mapping id.
Recursively copy files from src to target_node.
Skip the test for the given reason.
Return a formatted Xxx string for the given key n.
Deploy certificate to domains and verify certificates.
Convert a sequence to a bytes object.
Recursively find the latest subclass of oldclass.
Return a list of all synonyms of a word.
Filter lines that start with a non - JSON string and end with a JSON string.
Saves the stats for the given model to a file.
Create a directory and its parents as needed.
Find a variant by template and args.
Redirect to S3 with index_alt option.
Generate a random salt.
Extract subrois from a timeseries file.
Send a signal to a process.
Pauses the current figure for interval seconds.
Convert bytes or str to str.
Get an unused port.
Test RGB to HSL conversion.
Calculate the standard error of an array along an axis.
Return the line number of the given function.
Loads a checkpoint and restores it from the checkpoint directory.
Converts a timestamp to a string.
List all schedules belonging to the current user.
Perform the covariance M step for full cases.
Raw moment of a list of numbers.
Read the labels file and return a dictionary mapping labels to class names.
Random normal probability distribution.
Get the application that is currently running in the given frame.
Regular test of the regular sample method.
Command for resize subcommand.
Start a TLS server on the given port on the given test
Get comment form target.
unload a module
Update a quota for the given project and resource.
Return True if text is a keyword.
Run pylint. pyreverse on the command line.
Check if a checknode is completed.
Return 1 - dimensional unique values.
Start statsd if enabled.
Normalize a language tag.
Compute the serialcorrelation of a series.
Wait until stderr stream starts with prefix.
Like lstrips but for strings.
Wrapper around delete_from_backend to catch backend exceptions and log them.
Returns the current memory usage on the machine.
Disable the specified service if it is enabled.
Pick an iauthenticator plugin.
List all public IPs in the system.
Executes SQL against the database.
Draws a regular polygon with no border on it.
Makes a plot of the Violin Rugplot.
Get action by request ID.
Unregister a handler function.
Breadcrumb test.
Get the index of a media item in a media list.
Allows the user to edit a thread.
The main function for productpartitionhelper.
Return list of available translations.
Convert a JSON time value to a time.
Create a new dbus collection.
Test that a non - symmetrized graph does not contain a value error.
Return a dictionary with the positions of the eeg.
Write credential data to a credentials file.
Test the workflow workflow for identity join and sum.
Exponential multiplicative multivariate log - likelihood.
Prepare the body with a bearer token.
Print flaky tests to output.
Delete an ACL grant.
Get the properties of a device.
Make a discrete source space.
Get the format of a comment string
Flatten a message to a string.
Get components from a key.
Parse the Accept header.
Listen for connections and start listening for them.
Validate that the value is of the given type.
Decode a single result.
Run the command represented by this class.
Raise an ioerror if the given path cannot be opened.
Returns the group avatar URL.
Overlapping slices with different dimensions.
Check if a list of GMIDs contains only valid GMIDs
Get the values mask dtype and dtype_max.
Escape special characters in a string.
Test to see if the projection of the sky is the same as the projection of the JPL
ignoring a foreign key handle.
Test nearmiss ratio fit.
Check that approve_addons approves all files of the same type but no review type.
Canonicalize a local join.
List DNS entries for a domain.
Try to convert the value into an enum.
Return True if running on OpenBSD.
Move a file or directory to a new location.
Download a URL to a file.
Build all library recipes.
Get related topics from seeAlso section.
Change the subtitles finder frequency.
Runs django tests for the specified test_labels.
Create a task message from a TaskSignature instance.
Unquote a header value.
Create a cluster controller node and update its IP
Return the number of active processes for processname.
Get a component by name.
Get the process names of the init processes for the given nodes.
Compare the channels of a list of candidates to each other and drop the channels that are common to
Start a new worker in the specified queue.
Configure pyplot options.
Rotate 90 degrees clockwise.
Convert a year and month number to a month index.
Try to convert the value to an integer. If that fails return the default.
Make a copy of the config file and verify the selection.
Build a MIME multipart message.
Unfollow a user.
Parse a query string.
Serialize allocations for consumption.
Create a time mask for the given times.
Return True if text is a valid URL.
Emulate makedirs.
Fetch seed from config. unittests. rseed.
Get all virtual interfaces.
Traverses the given HTML file and returns a list of filenames.
Returns True if the given kwargs match the given cron dictionary.
Convert a temperature value to a list of RGB values.
Get the milestone for a prerequisite gating namespace.
Raise a valueerror or a warnings. Warning if strict is True.
Recursively reduces a nested dict into a single nested dict.
Determine if a list of filters should be sharded based on property range.
Return True if a is a task module.
Open a file if it exists.
Compare two values for equality.
Wait for a server to be listening on port.
Extract the root domain from a string.
Return a dictionary with the information about the system.
Euclidean or SciPy norm diff.
Computes the centrality scores of x.
Check if path p is a directory.
Validate that the scale values are valid.
Return a countgraph object loaded from a file.
Remove redundant terms from a list of terms.
Make a refgroup object from the given info.
Populate database from a file.
Get an instance type by its id
Login page.
Convert a timestamp string to a datetime object.
Import a class or a module and return a list of classes.
Unpack a bitstring into a list of booleans.
Add a prioid command.
Check if a subject has a BEM file.
Generates entity data from files in input_dir.
Strips HTML tags from a string.
Given a dotted Python dotted Python string return the module object.
Convert obj into a timezone.
Checks if a user has access to the course.
Manage large chunks of a file.
Make a urllib2 request.
Returns the link to rerun the item for the specified course.
Check if a nictag exists
Add tools to toolmanager.
Create a fresh output manager instance.
Get the available relationship types for all milestones.
Build headers dict.
Set the taxes and charges for a given quotation
Determine if an algorithm uses an elliptic curve exchange algorithm.
Check if a point falls inside a polygon.
Allow user to press Ctrl + C on POSIX systems.
Updates a draft registration.
Return True if the system is virtual otherwise False.
Enable the site and reload the service.
Samplewise standard deviation normalization.
Compare two files and return the differences.
Handle a read field request.
Reads a google word2vec file and returns a numpy array of words.
Get package version.
Writes a course block detail report.
Yield an empty list.
Clear the persistent graph cache for the authenticated user.
Validate check flags.
Makes a matrix from an entry function.
Evolve a set of points with a set of revolutions.
Report test result.
Temporarily disable signals within a context.
Convert a google. protobuf. ApplicationError to the corresponding protobuf. BlobstoreError.
Profile a statement and return the result.
Change qq header.
Ensures that the security group doesn t have a default value.
Wait for an IO event on the hub.
Computes the RMSE of the results.
Test that the trailing spaces in a row definition are accounted for.
Escape a string according to RFC3986.
Convert an image from one format to another.
Get the QOS policy group name for a volume.
Displays a crash file
Get the zoneinfo.
Create an event in the current context.
Logs out the user.
Make text into a single - quoted YAML string with correct escaping for special characters. Includes the
Synthesize a sinemodel and stochasticmodel.
Check if an ID is valid.
Parse package name and version.
Read 4 bytes as a signed long.
Return the difference of x along axis.
Return the source file name for the given filename.
Create a new security group.
Add a new key to the configuration file.
Set a system rc configuration variable.
Run at_initial_setup hook.
Detect the format of the given stream.
Find the extension ID for the given name and state.
Find all cached images in a given sr.
Translate url if translate keyword argument is True.
Create location files.
Test saving a TP0 store with a bad language.
Makes an xheader for an lms call
Parse the command line arguments.
Write a single byte to a port in Python 6.
Convert a dictionary of attributes to a string.
Apply overwrites to the context.
Return True if the system is virtual otherwise False.
Builds the desired config for the specified module.
Insert a new document into the database
gradient of convolution with input kerns and topgrad
Returns True if ipv4_prefix is a valid IPv4 prefix.
Return True if we can place uwline on a single line.
Return the information for a given jid
Build a tagmap with the given default value.
Compute the S All - Hours Cumulative Coefficient.
Returns a new derivative for the given element.
Return a tuple of whether or not the virtualenv is available.
Remove leading and trailing whitespace from text.
Create a new error name and error code from a dict.
Parse a datetime string into a datetime object.
Get the dependencies of the driver.
Format a time tuple or epochsecs as a string.
Create a XLS file from the data.
Parse a. xpi file.
Returns a list of namespace names within the specified range.
Create a codesearchfeed class from an XML string.
Get string for image model.
Return the load average for the minion
Convert an integer enum value to an integer.
Strip xmlns prefix from xml.
Returns a dictionary of relation info objects for forward relationships.
Parse sphinx search index.
Delete an integration response for a given restapiid.
Check python code coverage.
Ensures that a tenant is absent on the keystone service.
Return the comment for the given field in the given table.
Create a virtual disk spec.
Given a list of foreign key columns return a list of foreign key columns.
Generate an example RST file.
Apply local fill sink to the input nodes.
Check if a square is occupied in a pixel dictionary.
View function which handles a forgot password request.
Identify names in code.
Check if the given position is a valid Windows position.
Create a factory copy of the given state.
Calculates the central moment of a list of numbers.
Updates the axes with the given image.
Test for algo. randomize_corrmat.
Returns the complex skew - symmetric matrix for a triangular transform.
Reissue a receipt.
Attempt to convert an exception to ASCII in Salt Cloud.
Main entry point for ansible - ocversion.
Decode a base64 string into bytes.
Retrieve settings from the environment and return them as a tuple.
Returns a tuple of the boolean_ and a string_.
Process an xml element containing a vertexe element.
Parse a URL - encoded query string and return a dictionary of unique parameters.
Return a list of numericised strings.
Decorator for marking functions as slow_test.
Attempt to establish a fast connection to the IPMI server
Return True if path starts with prefix.
Make a fake server transport.
Convert a filename to a filehandle.
Check that the version_from_payload matches the collection_version.
Logs the stacktrace of the current exception.
Load a module from all installed apps.
Set the store for the current application.
Open a file and read its contents.
Create virtual interface.
Return True if the issue is a relevent issue.
Persist the named value in the specified configuration file.
Delete all OAuth tokens associated with a user.
SYSTEM INFORMATION TYPE 7 Section 9. 1. 43
Test confusion matrix with sample weight.
Load beets plugins.
Start the ioloop.
Returns the next unique value for the given field and value.
Delete selected objects.
Returns the irc format for the given formatting string.
Check that estimator does not have any fit attributes set.
Return the number of CPUs on the machine.
Creates the module and the library for NRT.
Calculate the average and standard deviation of a list.
Asserts that num_ is greater than num_
Create dataset and add it to the list to_delete
Wait until the server terminates.
Check if the URI is in settings. ignorable_404_starts and settings. ignorable_
Raises an AssertionError if a is b.
Get the path to a YAML file for the given builtin name and runtime.
Print a string to stdout if debug is True.
Send email notifications for all users in the system.
Returns when the user is rated on an exploration.
Returns the executable name of the shell command.
Processes the given element node.
Match a list of filters to a user - specified list of filters.
Make sure that authtraps is enabled for the named user
Update the votes of all collections.
Format an unexpected GCP error as a message.
Upload the current working directory to S3.
Maps a model to a record and a list of further classes.
Check if the given URL is a full redirect.
Adapter for search results.
Return a random sum of distributions.
Extracts all the files in the archive to the specified path.
Return the relative path of from_file relative to archive_dir.
Checks if a variable is used in a graph.
Test that the hsl_to_rgb function works for 12 parts.
Convert an object to a reference if possible.
Returns a new derivation for the given element.
Append an OSC message to the bundle.
Reads a member from each host and asserts that the result matches.
Load a resource definition from a file.
Calculate the control digit for a given list of digits.
Returns the language code for the given locale.
Shortcut for skip_if that doesn t return True or False.
Linkify bounce url callback.
Add a host entry to the hosts file.
Display the current network subnet name.
Create a database if it does not exist.
sign_url_base_v2 returns a signed URL with the given base parameters
Test remove_from_figure with gridspec.
Return a list of manipulated paths.
Get the width of the current terminal.
Enable or disable a scheduled event.
Set all quota usage dirty for the given resource.
Returns a list of all paragraphs in the document.
Edit an ordered product.
Return a list of tuples with the server group ID and the group name.
Parse flags subpattern.
Get number of sides based on precision
load a mavlink file
Get a list of DHCP hosts associated with a given network.
Load bill versions from folder.
Markdown Markdown text.
Communicate with IGD.
Delete a device from SD.
Convert Cartesian to spherical coordinates.
Fontify a python node using latex.
Adds a new folder.
Return the entity group kind for the given key.
Create a group with a title.
Checks if the given value is a valid boolean string.
LRU cache for string replacements.
Returns True if the current request is for a score request.
Add lock packages to the system.
Get the type of the given interface.
Prepend the root_dir to the paths in path_options
Get texcommand from rcparams.
Return all sysv and upstart services.
Returns the user s username.
Increase the indent level by num_.
Read a 2 - line ASCII file and see if the data is normal.
Generate lorem ipsum.
Parse options from a list of shorts.
Convert an XML element containing a geometry output into a mesh.
Generate the data for a tunnel request.
Add Statement num_ to the statement list p.
Interact with the server and extract cookies.
Add a new batchjob.
Get the error code from an exception.
Daemonize the process.
Returns a regressor lookup table.
Determine the default project to use.
Remove a canvas from the list of canvasses.
Return the output of the nested module.
Compare two paths for equality.
Try to convert an integer to an integer or return default.
Create a tarball from a file.
Create a new table in the database.
Remove the message and version from the list of available plugins.
Return the summaries of a markdown string.
Add all dependencies for the given package name.
Inverse of the inverse of a.
Detach a block device from its parent.
S3 REST API for sending SMS inbox
Select the ith element of a sorted list a.
Run pylearn2. train. limited_epoch_train on a yaml file.
Calculate the ceiling of a number.
Return a random wait time between num_ and num_.
Returns a list of all names defined in the current node.
Split a string list into a list of strings.
Handles the index route.
Decompression using LZS algorithm.
Wrapper for talib t3 with timeperiod and vfactor
Set the verbose level.
Test for cv. has_at_least_one_key.
Return a random interval between num_ and num_.
Convert a scene name to a list of normal show names.
Returns True if mne_c is set in the environment.
Check if user has permission to access view.
Get the function code and number of the given receiver.
Get the brick annotation for a variable.
Returns the n most similar elements to the given iterable.
Escape a URL attribute.
Search for the file with the given filename in the current directory.
Check if a URL is up.
Patch sys. path to include str_ in the filename.
Concatenate indexed DataFrames into a single DataFrame.
Build a list of resolvers.
Translate Oozie frequency string to Hue frequency tuple.
Subtract time from t.
Get the file specification.
Returns the full URL for the given WSGI environment.
Convert a datetime. datetime object to an epoch.
Create a footnote extension object.
Truncate a string to a maximum length.
Runs a shell command and returns the return code.
Create a figure.
Compute the heldout score.
install a new virtualenv
Convert numpy array to float array.
Get the current git changeset.
Get the password for a database.
Return a list of groups a user is a member of
Create a stack of layers from an ElementTree element.
Create a managed config dictionary.
Parse the index content.
No assert true false is not.
Serialize support data.
Registers a flag whose value can be a string.
Create multiple fixed IPs.
Raises a typicalmemoryerror with a useful message.
control the condition
Generate a random unicode string.
Monkey patch os. fork to support gevent hub.
Returns a pretty string representation of a frame relation.
Check if the given css selector is selected.
Check to see if a trail exists.
Test that multiple column names can be suggested at the same time.
Recursively convert expr into a symbolic factor.
Migrates a virtual machine to a different host
test if h is a binary string
Read acceptance. yaml file and return acceptance config.
Check if the current user has permission to upload a dictionary.
When the file doesn t contain log records it should not contain any log records.
Writes the output to a file.
Convert time to UTC if it s not already.
Check that all strings in value are contained in dist.
Split a string at a single character.
Generate a URL for a handler.
Euclidean distance between two points.
Remove outliers from an alignment.
Test metadata merging when metadata conflicts with other datasets.
Register a checker.
Generate documentation for all available services.
Shortcut for the get_dict endpoint.
Creates or updates an image property.
Saves a resized image to a temporary file.
Distance between a line and a point.
Remove leader page.
Make a dictionary safe for use as a key.
Get the labels of a node.
Check if kwargs contains keys that are not in compat_args.
Test the scheduler.
Test for issue 365.
Test that AST can compile correctly.
Return the name of the node that this name is associated with.
Returns the ratio of the most similar substring as a measure of the ratio of the most similar substring
View for billing details.
Returns True if the step type is a Spark step type.
Return a method descriptor for the given method.
Update variables in the file contents.
Convert a file to a list of subtitles.
Compute the nearest neighbor distance between the user and all users.
Reads an evoked. dat file and runs baseline function on the data.
Monitor the load globals of a socket.
Apply fixes to a font file.
Check if the system can query journald.
topic. set_iam_policy snippet
Watches CSS and CSS files for changes.
Get the data disk setting for the vm.
Return True if source is VOTABLE False otherwise.
Reparam a string with a dictionary.
Check if a set of coefficients are stable.
Returns a list of thecraft sequence.
Compare two floats for equality.
Get information about a given jid
Try to get the mdata executable.
test time stamps
Compute the sum of matrix mat along axis.
Return the validator data dictionary.
Returns all neighbors of a node in the graph.
Destroy a vm
Plot a layout.
Hashes the size and mtime of a file.
Basic test for the inverse of compounds.
Exponential power of a constant or a variable.
Ensure that tables module is loaded.
Capture the console log of failed scenarios.
Apply html5lib xmllike transformation to data.
Get a job by name.
Read samples from a file.
List machine translation services.
Get the router for the given appname.
Get the path to the XDG configuration directory.
Infer compression from filepath_or_buffer.
Get the body of the request as JSON.
Decorator to mark a function as unauthenticated.
Match a command with a given string.
Get the username.
Abort action.
Split a scopes string into a list of scopes.
Extract version number from version file.
Convert boto3 exception to boto error message.
Add a DNS service bond to the kernel
Check that the list of ids is a list of id pairs.
Authorize using OAuth.
Find the largest inset loop that is within radius of the given loop.
Check that approve_addons get_files returns an empty list.
Remove an IIS application pool.
Instantiate a proxy.
Save project with wrong checkstyle.
Select a proxy to use for a given url.
Add a dictionary to a Cookiejar
Log an error and return the response.
Round a number to an integer.
Copy a document to a protocol buffer.
Get the full path to a python module.
Get the maximum value of two numbers.
Try to find a device name from a request.
Return the pid for the specified device.
Return a tuple of the parts of the URI that match the given URI.
Convert a CixPath to a Tree object.
Decode enc to str_.
Returns the name of the mrjob service role or creates it if it does not exist.
Validate that value is a positive integer or None.
Create the install button template.
Render the template and return the content
Write the data to a. ppp file for the specified interfaces.
Check if the named service is missing.
Replicas singleton command.
Ensures that the named org does not exist
Validate a GET request for an integer parameter.
Get a score for the given block based on the submissions scores.
Update the color map with the given colors.
Return a fontentry for the font specified by fontpath.
Returns a list of ZK instances that can be listened on.
Convert 1 - dimensional integer value to 255 - bit integer.
Convert an IP address string to an integer.
Get proxies from os. environ.
Returns the basename of a path.
Clean up temporary files created during the process of clean up.
wrapper around talib s cdl3inside
Attempts integration with EC2 into opsworks.
The main function for productpartitionhelper.
Generate a OAuth 2. 0 access token.
Calculate the absolute difference of a list of coefficients.
Tests the PSD noise quality.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the underlying function is virtual.
Time the pyexcelerate program.
Shutdown the server.
Check if the cmdline of a process is correct.
Returns a HTTPServer object for the current thread.
Pause the program for n seconds.
Update a tenant s quotas.
Registers the beginning of the current line.
Sprintf the given text with the given colors.
Set logging level.
Return the mode for the specified device
Take a snapshot of the current image.
True if last request was the last response to the server False otherwise.
Exponential test of the power distribution.
Get the offsets of the lines before a block of code.
Get the data from a URL.
Log a critical message.
Get full dictionary of translations for lang
Returns a generator yielding num_ rows from the given range.
Return a list of roster targets that match the template
Generate random crosstalk.
Runs QUICK to check that a specific header value matches the given value.
Checks if the given object is a data object.
Sample from balancecascade with str_ratio.
Test feature. from_string with table keys.
Unquote a string.
This method reads a single packet from the tftp server.
Dump a BIFF file to a file.
Get the system username.
Query for vcvarsall for the given version and arch.
Flatten a list of regex groups into a single string.
Register a test method with the given test class.
Return grains of osdata
Merge two files.
Runs a python script and returns the result.
Read a single packet from a socket.
Convert IPv6 address to inet_ntop.
Get an object from a vCenter or None
Update all live symlinks for the certificate.
Return factors for the Berlekamp field.
A view decorator that adds an ETag condition to the request.
Activate API deployment for given restapiid and deploymentid.
Run a function as a wsgi application.
Write a CGI response to the output.
Update the attributes of all the policy elements in the policy item.
Surround bash shell quotes with proper formatting.
Upgrade outdated outdated brew.
Get the profile basename for a repository.
Check that the given string is a valid IPv4 or netmask.
Add a new knowledge category.
Register a service in the module.
Obtain a serial number from a show version string.
Returns the absolute url for the given path.
Return a list of intersection xintersectionindexes.
Returns a response that redirects the client by n times.
Write the masq configuration file.
Moves a stored file from src_path to dst_path.
Returns a QuerySet of reservations for the given list of reservations.
Evaluates the function f for each element of a and returns a list of results.
Convert all markdown files to HTML.
Confirm that restoration. denoise_tv_chambolle works with 3D
Deletes the commit information for the given rebalance.
Create the ca folder if it does not exist.
If keep_awake is True and sleepless is True and if kernel32 or sleepless
Test that we can transform an array to another array.
Convert num_ to num_ in p.
Generate all the frontpage PNGs.
Wrapper for logging. root. notice.
Returns a list of words that match the given file content.
Gitlab notification handler.
Infer the return type from a list of arguments.
Localize a value to the current locale.
List availability zones for this account.
Parse the headers for the ML header.
Build an iterator for the given XPath path and namespaces.
Test the creation of a shared GPU driver.
Make plots of cost test cost and training accuracy.
Return a string representation of the tree.
Return a data class for the given endog and exog.
Raises an AssertionError if there is no element with the given xpath selector.
Write a byte string to a tty log file.
Confirmation page for password reset.
Parse a sorted query from the parts.
Get a unique value for the given type and id.
Compute the variance of a time series.
Return the name of the strategy.
Generate a human - readable age string.
Run the main loop.
Test match_rules.
Generate a cache key for the given request.
Compute residual.
Return the value of a particular option.
Loads images from the queue resizes them and puts them on the summary queue.
Convert tags from strings to integers.
Get multiprocessing logger.
Return a list of the specified number of jobs from the master
Login page.
Attach translations to the given collections.
Convert a projected entity to a message.
Returns information about a particular language.
Infer the frequency of the given index.
Restrict only admins
Setup the hyperion device and add it to the device list
Create a CFG object from a list of strings.
Adds cell_name to task_log.
Get a plugin service by name.
Fail the test unless a! = b.
Load a test suite from a directory.
Return a color represented by r g b a.
Custom key function to add a prefix to the key.
Write properties to the app. properties file.
Read an array from a file - like object.
Prints usage information.
Component 2. Call a function and publish the result.
Create a zone for the slave devices.
Return the total number of seconds in the given delta.
Returns the appropriate writer for the file.
Summarize the variables.
Check if the user has permission to browse the repository reviews.
Lighten a color by a given percentage.
Process a circle element.
Exclude new regions from webapps.
Plot a series of data as a scatter chart.
Process a docstring.
Remove the iconset component from the source code.
Generate test data for a shell script.
Fail if the expression is not None.
Get the qemu user.
Return the authenticated userid for the given request.
Returns the imp type for the given filename.
Make a directory on the remote host.
Returns a list of dicts keyed on str_ to the number of blog posts published on
Print a debug message to the logger.
Deletes all image properties within the specified image.
Check source code with pep8.
Return the swap memory usage percentage.
Transform a parameter vector into a stack of parameters.
Set the exclude attribute of the current event to include only the names starting with str_.
Generate a docstring containing the unit summary for the given namespace.
Test the sensitivity and specificity score on a binary classifier
Add an SMS code to a number.
Connect to GCE.
Stops the running command
Ping a device.
Concatenate two sequences.
Compile distutils client code.
Add a new service
Start the certificate generation task for students.
LL estimate for the second derivative of the negative binomial log likelihood.
Create a Python script from a settings dict.
Logs the user in.
Process failed post - processing.
Returns True if the table has a constraint with the given name.
Edit a liability.
Returns a general list of strings.
Convert a 32 - bit ID into a 64 - bit ID.
Get deep data structure from data_structure.
Test that users_list returns a short list of users.
Parse the output_spec and return the dimensions out_func and number of classes.
Send a DELETE request to the Gitlab server.
Download a sina video by vid.
Return the current Python version.
Get the value for a given metric name.
Overload dummy.
Allocate a new lock.
Get all exposure IDs that match the query_string.
inverse of a
Unpack a sequence of bytes into a unicode string and update the position.
Reshapes the input tensor to the new shape.
Perform data analysis in parallel.
Return the system version
Check if current thread is in iothread.
Test saving a TP0 store file.
Return whether or not we re running in a virtualenv.
Respond to the request with the given code.
Convert internal date format to time. localtime.
Get an object from a model.
Create drawdowns and durations for the given pnl.
Create a property filter spec.
Test the email API.
r yields each element of seqn in reverse order
Create a mozilla user.
Flatten a nested iterable.
Test that conditional returns mlp weights.
Merges a dictionary of policies into a single dictionary of merged policies.
Compute the value of the create node for the given set of values.
Check the exam_key for problems that need to be rescoring.
Sends an email.
S3 HR search.
Choose the appropriate POCtype for the given filepath.
Compute the histogram of a tensor
Class decorator that converts native string functions to native Python strings.
Find the previous version of a file in a particular channel.
Get the logging level of the request.
Multiplies the coefficients of a ground truth function over a specified number of samples.
single dimitem.
Split hosts into hostnames and ports.
Convert a namespace URL to a local file.
Try to find a tag for the given path.
Yield tuples of position and string after the first whitespace after the import keyword.
Get tiers for a given device.
Register a signal handler block.
Map a function over a list of elems.
Inverse hyperbolic secant of a value.
Marks the current thread as managed.
View function to edit a user profile.
Recursively glob all files under treeroot that match pattern.
Format the plugin info table.
Orders the JSON data according to the server.
Convert a blockdevice ID to a dataset ID.
Get an instance type by its flavor_id.
Yields n - grams from a stream of sents.
Loads the helper module.
Test that we can change the current working directory with absolute paths.
Validate that the number of values in vals is valid.
Two - step backward propagation.
Get a list of all the exceptions that occured during a given season for a given indexer
Adjust newlines before comments to maintain vertical spacing.
Test the dynamic line profile functionality.
Return True if the topic matches the subscription.
Test the neighbourhood cleaningrule fit_sample method.
Check if user_obj is authenticated and if so return user object.
Return CPU information for SunOS.
Check that setcookiesfromurl and cookiesforurl are never accepted.
Test that we cant cut the string.
Euclidean norm.
Returns a list of tuples containing the module name shortname longname and help text.
fast version of count_smallints
Strip accents from a string.
Set gl configuration.
Get the blob info for the given key.
Call the artifact cache s use_cached_files method.
Print the version and exit.
Return the absolute value of a.
Check if a python version is available on the system.
Set configuration defaults.
Shift the division index of a DataFrame to a specified number of periods.
Binary log loss.
Flags an instance as modified.
Return a holiday calendar object for the given name.
Generate a random alphanumeric string.
Return a stringio object for the named resource.
Adds an infillboundary to nestedrings.
Remove handler reference.
Unload a module and all its submodules.
Validate a packed name.
Process an ellipse element node.
Load a class by name.
Subtract the jth row of a GS matrix w from the vector w.
Add str_ to all algos in the makefile.
Import a keyder from an extern key.
Verify that vispy imports correctly.
Build the select field for the tool panel section selection.
Descriptify an HTML page into an annotation string.
Returns the user permission codename for the given permission.
List all documents in the current language.
Finds all the files in the bucket metadata.
Sends an email inviting the user to purchase a contribution.
Vertices of a vector.
Test for linkjoblogs. _make_links
Check if the class has any inherited table.
Set configuration options.
Get a single rollback
Remove a VFStab
Check if a file exists and is a fifo.
Monkey patch settings to enable email subscriptions.
Add slashes to a string.
Return the IPv6 addresses of all interfaces on the system.
Run PCAO on a set of lines.
Netcat test function.
Compute the union of two DataFrames.
Handles the registration request.
Test laplace filter with mask.
Sample color prefs and map data from options.
Issue a GET request and return the response.
Validate a list of devices.
Preview a file for editing.
Return a humanized version of the path.
Build a qsub command.
Render a Genshi template.
Order a list in place.
Does a bazaar WC target exist?
Returns the link to the given block on the given page.
Fetch promo_imgs and save them to the database.
Copies the specified file to the system clipboard.
Print a list of items.
Create a text file with the given contents.
Loads the tool. xml file at the given path.
Check that at least min_healthy ELB instances are healthy.
Prevent output from being printed to the terminal.
Delete user from pwfile
Stubs for tabbed browser.
Evaluates the given substitutions for a given precision.
Takes a file size and pretty - prints it.
Create a new object.
Yield lines from a string or list of strings.
Parse the driverdisk rule.
Check if tag is blocklevel.
Put a secret into the keyring
Create a new entity reference from an existing reference.
Remove output lines from a list of output lines that are not safe to print to the terminal.
Returns the path to the FabriceMerlin metrics directory.
Checks if a file with the given name exists.
Computes the log of the addition of the given values.
Recursively download a result from the NZB.
Returns a list of dicts indexed by the video index
Parse a URL into a path and salt environment.
If the user is not a group admin ignore the key. If the user is a sysadmin
Split cmdline into path cmd and arguments.
Run the integration test.
Return a formatted string of the expected diffs.
Eq. 2. 3
Returns True if the user has permission to edit the setting type.
Resize url to maxwidth
Convert a row to a dictionary.
Install the custom language environment variable.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the value at index num_ is present.
Set active figure to ax.
Raises a falcon. http_status. httpstatus with the specified status code.
Returns a list of paths for the given scheme.
Setup the platform.
Given a langdict and a script and region find the corresponding lang.
Create a qtnetworkaccessmanager.
Generator that yields all collectors that are not dead or have not spawned more than num_
Return a list of quoted strings from a string.
Fetches the journal entry for the given key.
Update the portsnap module
Get the size of an item.
Returns a list of points from a segmenttable.
Redirects the request to the given URL.
Run flowgramali and return the output.
Delete an image tag
Return the current year.
Get the tracer ID for the given process.
Returns the name of a regular variable.
Check if two values are equal.
Get user information from http_cookie.
Browse to the main window.
Return the set of ancestors of source in the graph g.
Test that movorder works.
Entry point for the script.
Returns the jumppoint if otherpoint is inside boundary. Returns none if boundary is not inside the
Remove crowding proposals that are too close to crowd_thresh.
Get a value from the database.
Prepare the position and velocity of the earth.
Parse a snippets file.
Unmap data into a numpy array.
Returns True if the given IP address is private False otherwise.
Install and verify code.
Convert a hex string to a color tuple.
Get the EOL characters for the given OS name.
Format a datetime object as an RFC 3339 - formatted string.
Wrap credentials with scopes if required.
Create a COW image from a backing image.
Return the contents of an user s incrontab
Given a reply mail it to the reviewer.
Parse an ISO8601 formatted interval string.
Convert the given jobsub_design into an action object.
Yield tuples of module name and module for all installed apps.
Load overrides from a JSON file.
Check if the compiler is running on a LLVM.
Get OpenShift version.
Detect whether the given stream can be read as a dbf file.
Generator that yields entity instances from a cursor.
Re - quote the given URI.
Invert a data bit.
abstract declarator opt_1
Require invoke to be at least min_version.
Create JVM environment variables for the application.
Get all role assignments for a user.
Generate a set of deterministic keys for a set of nbits.
rus fit_sample with half fit
Returns a list of booleans where each boolean represents whether the section has a problem or not.
Extract a line from a string.
Create SAML provider.
Drop a site.
Logout user.
Restore app. status to highest_status if possible.
Damerau - Levenshtein edit distance.
List all configured queues for backend
Glob for a relative file name.
Returns a list of campaign feeds for the given campaign.
Set up the config template.
DMMP GF routine for list of SQFs.
Main function of snowballstemmer.
List the commit IDs of the given commits.
Run the importfile command.
Test that the keystring is cleared.
Add xintersectionindexes from a loop and a solidindex.
Test that the _get_inst_data function works.
Return a colormap.
Get the cost functions from the configuration.
Reshape an array to a new shape.
Celery worker pool.
Updates override dictionary with fontdict and kwargs.
Convert a signed long integer to a raw string.
Convert a reference string to an object.
Check if a resource is enabled in use.
Calls the decorated function with the specified arguments and prints a warning if an exception occurs.
Get and delete all messages from the session store.
Run OpenSSL with the given arguments and return the output.
Encode a string for use in a VCF extension.
Return a tuple of template directories for the given template directory.
Show a specific IPsecSiteConnection
Draw the canvas of the active figure if interactive.
Checks if a VLAN interface exists.
Tests that the max similarity is set to num_.
Replace target with replacement in string case insensitive.
gpufromhost optimizer.
Test the consistency of repository filesystems.
Deletes the collection summary for the specified collection.
Write a Python object as a plist to a string
More songs by user.
unset a job.
Sigmoid function.
Find the number of missing elements in a list.
Return a list of all nodes.
Returns None if the filename is not a valid windowanalyze file.
Return password of a field
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the built - in type is equal to the type of the
Divide by a constant.
Decode a JSON string into a Python object.
Interact with a client and a server in - memory.
Get full spec without validation.
Configures screenshots for each scenario.
Create a link node.
Get a new interpretation of the current working directory.
Concatenate multiple epochs into one.
Compute the intersection of all graphs.
Load the configuration file.
Validate a string to an int and return it.
Executes the specified command and returns the output as YAML.
Get the key for the guestbook.
Build a survey buildquestionnaire from a series.
Send an event to a list of users.
Render a template from a LMs dictionary.
Return the value of a key in a dict or the default.
Check if the given value is aware.
Remove an augeas file.
Create a numpy array from an array.
Bench the isotonic regression.
Create a new document.
Main entry point for pip.
Create a Keras model from a YAML configuration.
Format a single parameter.
Redirects the client to the given url with the given status code.
escape html for safe html rendering.
Get the username of the currently running user.
Runs the tool and asserts that its output is colorless.
Get the architecture of the CPU.
Returns the current session.
Load a shared library.
Sum of squares of y.
Return a mock stdout or stderr writer.
add orbital bits if orbits are large
Main function of the script
Retrieve member count of an image
Get a service by host and binary name.
Unquote a URL string or return it if it is none.
Parse a query string and simplify it.
Get cluster version.
Returns the text of the advertisement mail.
Return the name of the virtualenv.
Validate a configuration against a schema.
Find Synchronization Reference from vbd.
Summarize and concatenate column parameters.
Custom customize route.
Update a target if it is outdated.
Get the userinfo for a given user.
Try to get the version from the environment variable str_.
Yield lines_enum with comments removed.
Create a new figure manager.
Setup the platform callbacks.
List all storage accounts
Configure logging.
Inherited from op_implicit.
Return True if backup_mode is image mode.
Get component review by id
PKCS1 OS2 IP format
List all the states in the specified environment
Add a skip patch to the result.
Coerce string to bool.
Compute the chisquare test of the median over each group.
Return the path to the server directory.
Returns the name of the virtual environment.
Remove rpcfiles in exclude from tb.
Parses the output lines into a list of tables.
Remove all meta - data models from the engine.
Runs the test case for generating the import code.
Log debug messages if enabled.
expr_variable num_ in p
Get next url for login page.
Convert a sequence matrix to a string matrix.
Searches for a script in the current working directory.
Generate the key pair for the given number of bits using the given getprime function.
Get the previous version tag.
Return a struct. pack padded with zero bytes to fit the length of t.
Return a list of all disabled daemons.
Return an iterator over the keys of a dict d.
Load the package_name s RooPack. py manifest.
Compute the computerawanomaly score.
Run the module main function.
Get a filter from a function or class.
Convert datetime to time.
Return a list of sync returners.
Slugify a string.
Returns a Qpixmap for the specified image name.
Find the version number in the given file.
Runs the script and asserts that the output contains the correct algo option.
Verify that a given service type is supported.
multiplicative expression
Submit a pyspark job.
Return the current directory s pardir.
Run jihaw_cleanup on history archive.
Deletes artifacts from the datastore.
Create entrance examination function if required.
Fetch requirements from a requirements. txt file.
Return a filestore object with the translated units.
Lease strategy.
i_can_modify_the_display_name_with_html i. e.
Test the Smote Sk estimator.
Generate a LaTeX representation of the inheritance graph.
Converts a short color code to an RGB color code.
Returns the number of open file descriptors for the current process.
Convert a resource to a topic.
Save answers to the database.
Test that we can subclass math. MathContext.
Import a module by import_path.
Class decorator to define a nd_option class.
Create territories in the database
Get OAuth application detail
Performs educatedashesoldschool substitution on a string.
Cumulative Chi^2 measure.
Override setuptools. setup. tools. override_setuptools.
A wrapper for dog_stats_api. histogram.
Returns the feat part of the artist s albumartist.
Check that numpy is installed and up - to - date
Generate a thumbnail image from a source file.
replace replace update column using catch_warnings
Save an object to an HDF5 file.
Get the local IP address of a network interface.
Compares two datetime objects and checks that they are equal.
Setup the platform.
Generate a cookie.
Convert ms payload to string.
Filter nodes that are subclasses of superclass.
Writes text output to a file.
Escape a string.
Helper function for center_and_scale.
Commit an item to S3.
Convert boto3 exception to boto error message.
Verify that the output of pip is marked as outdated.
Match a string against a zero - valued scalar value.
Committees in TD.
Delete a resource by name or by resource_id
Invert a mapping.
Command line tool for building JSON files.
Load all the tests for this plugin.
Processes the geometry output from the element node.
Convert a unix timestamp to a datetime object.
Create a new hash instance.
Serialize obj to a JSON formatted file fn.
Quote a string for inclusion in a URL.
Command line tool to configure a git repository.
Deploy and enhance the given config.
Add permission for metrics that are not in the view menu.
Migrate to a new message prefix.
Compares point s y value to pointother s y value returning - num_ if pointother
Open a P2G file and return a generator.
Return the full path to a git repository.
Get the state of a running process.
Run pip and check that the egg folder is available.
Check if jsonp function name is valid.
Returns the severity of a check.
Check if activetcl or tapot are installed.
Format a list of files using json_format.
Resume a paused connection.
Get team by team slug.
Persist the current clipboard to the QApplication.
Batch inverse op.
Get the next frame from the media player.
Reindex question answer metrics.
Create a descriptor from a desc_proto.
Prune constant expressions from the expression tree.
Returns a list of available languages.
Returns a permission resolver instance for the given resource type.
Return whether the employee is on holiday.
Simplification of a path.
Check if the filter_type is enabled or not and if so determine if the entry should be
Return a list of digs for the specified host.
Configure requests based on the plugin configuration.
Extract the number of bits from the stream and convert it to bytes.
Reduce the derivative of a residue.
Convert a list of strings to a SQL list.
Get the user s blog structure.
Hashes a password with the specified hashmod and iterations.
Returns whether the registration code is valid or not.
Test that configdata. section_desc contains a string.
Returns a constraint that constrains a sphere.
Check if the given entry is in the spec.
Check whether the given dtype can be represented.
Deletes a device from the filesystem mounted at mountpoint.
Return a list of filenames for plugins in the Skeinforge plugins directory.
Iterate through a format string.
Setup Galaxy shed tools for testing.
Ensures that the named tenant is absent.
Computes the summaries of the contributors of a collection.
Compare a screenshot with the expected screenshot.
project pifacc options
Shuffle a list of arrays.
Load image file.
Find an EC2Address object for the given public IP and device ID.
Adds a code cell to the notebook.
Create a sha1 hash of the version of the given item.
Run the multilink tool
Generate a namespaced template file.
Parse a list of links from a HTTP header value.
Verify the signature on the message using the certs.
Get the name of the init script.
Return the virtual name of the minion.
Read maxfilter. ctc file.
Returns information about the operating system release.
Test the implementation of rgb and yuv.
Corrects the eigenvalues of matrix p on the basis of the eigenvector mat.
Create a sshtransport object connected to the given hostaddress or peeraddress.
Create a module and its parents from a module name.
Parse patterns and ignore patterns.
Checks if the service is running. If not starts it.
Ejects all the monomomis from the DMMP file starting at u.
Generate a mimi hash for a given upid.
Read count doubles using the plain encoding.
Encrypt a message with the given key.
Read the contents of a file into a dictionary.
Shuffle songs.
Validator for slugification.
decorator for wtforms2 and wtforms3 and up
Create a tuple of degree and hour angles.
Get redis keys matching a pattern
Handle edit and delete activity for a post.
Returns the numpy dtype that will be used to sum the given dtype.
Send a message to a project.
Update the namespace of an item and its children.
Check if the route_dist is valid.
Return a hex dump of data starting at addr.
Yield responses from api_call until marker is found.
Return a HMAC - based HMAC for the given value with the given salted key.
Unfreeze a frozen command.
Create a moderator user for the given user and forum.
Returns a queryset of all published tags for this entry.
Stop a running server on the specified port.
Creates a new ec2 volume
Determine mood of a sentence.
Test for API create with invalid membership email and no user.
Shows the last time the object was updated.
Convert a resource to a sink.
List all IPsecPolicies
Try to import name and return it if it fails.
Get the ssh interface for a VM.
Sample rois for each label in the roidb.
Return the codec used to encode the given text.
Return the line number of the current file.
Returns information about glusterfs volume
Get the module function from a string.
Takes a list of values and returns a list of the major values.
Set the index of a DataFrame.
Deletes a given url with the given profile.
Removes the element from the pixel list at the specified point.
Slice a polynomial over the specified indices.
Render a Bootstrap icon.
Test for getfqdn.
Add lock devices to the platform.
Returns a function that returns None.
Execute code in variables.
Return the distribution string for the current platform.
Clear the recv buffer of a remote connection.
Raises ValueError if obj is not a cuboidal ndarray.
Create image.
Takes a list of models and queues them up to a maximum number of cycles.
Return the source code of a file from the cache.
Check if a file exists at a given path.
Show the properties of a service.
Execute a single high data call.
Swaps two axes of a tensor.
Set the name of the carrier.
Getcrafted text from text.
pretty print a dict as JSON
Build the header for a docstring.
Set the fake nodes.
Compile and test an expression against a list of allowed opcodes.
Creates a feature containing a list of bytes.
Processes the rheader.
Render a template as XML and return a response.
Create a SQS queue.
Decode a list of predictions into a list of sorted predictions.
Run the runner with random = True.
Split a branchfile into branch and file.
Compare two strings.
Starts the named service.
Get all messages from javascript files in all installed apps.
Adds a port to bridge
Context manager that extracts a zipfile into a temporary directory.
Convert an xr line to a keyset.
Modified version of scipy. optimize. optimize. linmod.
Copy stat information from src to dst.
Get next url from request.
Swap the first character of a command string.
Parse a server directive.
Get all issues for a project in a given state.
Updates all tests in the given autotest_dir with the given samples.
Validate template.
Returns the antonym of text.
Validate the configuration.
Generate a monomial expression from a function f.
Create default groups.
Exports exploration states to YAML.
Run a git command
Make a certificate signed by a CA.
Check if a connection has been dropped.
Test cross validation k - folds.
Update the profile picture data url of a user.
Returns a list of specialized types for the given type.
Internal helper to simplify expressions.
Returns True if ltyp is a pointer type
Check if a file exists in one of the include directories.
Executes code in run_globals and returns run_globals.
Send a 303 to another location.
Format a timestamp.
Store a ticket for a bridge.
Generate a slug that is valid for the given source.
Returns a list of tuples of all possible mirrors for the given hostname. If no hostname
Arma ACF.
Add a new link to the queue.
Test cluster permutation with t - test.
Check if the keyring is present.
Base64 encode a string
Return a copy of the parameters with their values unzipped.
Show the tenant network
Returns a dictionary mapping short names to CSR extensions.
Get the uuid for a label
Conesearch timer.
Returns the url for the given viewname.
Get the last http error for the last request from the thread.
Prewitt_h filter for horizontal images.
Install wxrunner.
Load a comparable X. 509 certificate
Sends an email to the admins listed in settings. admins.
Process an SVG element polyline.
Test the setup_volume_source_space function.
Returns a list of user global preferences for the specified users.
Returns the current physical memory in bytes.
Get a secret by name
Publish a progress report.
Create an image.
Returns a list of resource events for the given request.
Set the dirty flag to True.
Update client permissions.
safe version of np. isinf that doesn t throw an exception if the input is not a
Computes the MDFT of the n - dimensional power spectrum.
Vote for a document that is helpful for the user.
Returns the text of a file in a given directory.
Compute the windowed Fourier transform.
Update the role membership of a student in a course.
Get the size of a directory.
Create and append an XML text node to a parent node.
Test date range.
Convert unicode string to HTML string.
Return a list of models to patch.
List all tmux configurations.
Register a local route_distinguisher for a prefix.
Get the interpreter module for the specified file.
Update the user s subject interests list.
Returns True if the given selector is focused on the element.
Generate the K based on the secexp and hash_func.
Set use_tz to false in django. db. models. timezone.
Unmounts a volume.
Return a list of process IDs.
Remove intersections from a loop until the loop is at least num_ long.
Generate a random filename for an image.
Max relative u
Open a directory for reading.
Install prerequisites.
Select an item at time t.
Sets a deep value in a nested data structure.
Get the path to the scrapy environment.
Require a password change to occur.
Generate a list of python paths for the given package.
Return information about the given computer name.
Yield unique items from a sequence preserving order.
Set the agent settings.
Read the ed25519 signature from the given file.
Make a call to the apiproxy server.
Compute a dictionary of single - valued measures for a network.
Merge sort.
Checks if the given object is a function.
Test max_pool and mean_pool.
Convert a JSON string to a string.
Wrapper for talib. cdl3outside.
Returns a list of the display names of the credit providers for the course.
Follow a user.
Retrieve a file from the server.
Construct an algebraic polynomial from a list of polynomials.
Raise a number to a higher power.
Lookup mail exchange by name.
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
Test that a censure error is raised for keypoints.
Convert unicode to local unicode
Strip whitespace from the beginning and end of a string.
Delete a message.
Get the IP address of LANs.
Get the backing file for a disk image.
Change the gid of a group
Extract the version number from the version file.
Check if the specified RT table is available.
Notify about instance usage information.
Returns a list of paths with root removed.
Wrap given text to given width.
Bulk rename a document.
Returns True if array contains every element of choices.
Returns a registration object for the given email address.
Convert a 2D constant to a 1D constant.
View function which renders a login failure page.
Poll process and print results to stdout.
Runs the script and asserts that the output of the script is colorless.
Asserts that the desired SNR is greater than or equal to the desired.
Parses a string representation of a single table and returns the first table.
Template tag that renders all top - level actions.
Return the URI prefix configured in the desktop settings.
Enable a module if it is not already enabled.
Returns True if polya is fully inside polyb.
Getcrafted text from text.
Iteration statement.
Extract a boolean value.
Test that world can be absorbed and spewed.
Test the version of the main module of bokeh.
Check if class is abstract.
Returns the coursetalk course key for the given course key.
Check if a file - like object is readable.
Return True if the user has permission to edit the group.
Submit a calculate_may_enroll_csv task.
Check the link destinations for the given container.
Convert MNC values to MVSK values.
Return the piversion of the current CPU.
Run a command and return its output.
Returns a list of manipulated paths.
Setup axes for curved linear interpolation.
Calculate the height of a cone.
Test the neighbourhood cleaning rule fit for single class data.
Test that the unit summary has the expected prefixes.
Temporarily disable requests. session.
Returns the smallest integer greater than or equal to the given value.
Return a hash of the contents of a file.
Create a new verification response.
Get the external IP address.
Assign resource attributes to resource.
Return a listening socket.
Raises a cryptounavailableerror if there isn t one.
Return s3 controller for theme project.
Max reduction op.
Check if we are running in a Qt console.
Return a list of disabled services.
Given a list of uri schemes return a set of URI schemes that are supported.
Extract vim documentation from sys. stdout
Inherits a panel from its parents.
Get a sqlite db connection.
Updates the options for the given model.
Get the display time zone string for a given time zone name.
Test the power expansion of two symbols.
Loads the mimetypes. types_map from the given locations.
Test port validation.
Time limit control command.
Given an offer and a line return the unit price of the line.
Associate a Floating IP with a client.
Render a dashboard column.
Delete a queue from AWS.
Checks if the fingerprint of the given entry is valid.
Insert a primitive tab
Returns the base - 2 logarithm of x.
Greedily wrap every word in a string.
Returns a list of all matches of the given string.
Run a worker_ctl command.
Asserts that item1 before item2.
Test sensor value from code.
Returns the string representing the given number rounded to the given number of decimal places.
Wait for the specified snapshot to have the specified status.
Reads a string from a matrix.
Takes a list of option values and returns a list of fake option values.
Fixup in - place tag insertions and deletions.
Print the JULIA code for expr.
Return ordered list of locations.
Return the path to an image file.
Call the service and return the response.
Blend an image on a canvas.
Parse a date string using the perforce format.
List of RDS regions.
Given a list of lines return a list of lines without redundancy.
Register a schema under the given path.
Print a summary of the results.
Format a string using HTML safe formatting.
Extract the version number from the tomcat version output.
Parses the given tests_source and returns a list of test objects.
Returns a new instance of speedrepository.
Return a random n bit integer.
Upload a project or project to VCS.
Allocate a storage object for a value only.
NumPy scalar version of numpy. complex.
Create a WSGI resource.
Add a host to an aggregate.
Return the name of the backing file of a volume.
Returns a list of keywords that are available in plugins.
Returns a list of templated power types.
Reload the module
Login to Google Voice.
Render a template and return a 403 NOT FOUND response.
Check if the given name is present in the minion
Call libvlc_vprinterr.
Set the vertical trendmode for the specified number of data sets.
Parse input specification and return image shape.
Get a taglib library by name.
Return the path to the runtime application.
Return a list of models.
Runs requirements in the current working set.
Show a vocabulary as a dictionary.
List all inactive VMs
Get package name from data.
Parse a comma separated list of tokens.
Retain a libvlc_media_list object.
Remove excess pyc files from the given path.
Returns a static url for the given module and filename.
Include debug CSS in S3.
Align percent field.
Signal receiver for file cleanup.
Returns the number of bytes necessary to store a Python integer.
Check if there is an upgrade available for the named package.
Normalize a URL.
Initializes the parameters given the options.
Return the commutation matrix of p and q.
Compare two distances.
Return the hexadecimal representation of a value.
When all scenarios are selected with the given cmdline they are checked against the scenarios selected
Generate a managed section for the given cluster.
Return a human readable string representation of a number of seconds.
Attempt to fetch streams from the plugin until a circumstance is achieved.
Python 3 version of float_range
Get all arounds of a given radius around a loop.
Validate a plotly response.
Project vector v onto w.
Complete a list of rules.
Computes the ratings scaled_average_rating scaled_average_rating and contributors_summary
Unvouch a user.
Initialize webengine.
Get instance from identity map.
Log a warning message.
Run the project bar example.
Given a list of complex paths return the minimum complex value.
Returns a multiprocessing. Manager for use with multiprocessing.
Check if all the alphabets in alphabets are compatible.
Checks if a role exists.
Setup the platform by creating the command switches and add them to the device list
Asynchronously delete a list of models.
Execute a frappe job.
Replace basedir with str_ if s starts with basedir.
Calculate the duration in seconds.
Return the name of the numpy dtype the object implements.
Return a list of spec tuples from the given text.
Find all qualified targets of a particular type in a list.
Normalize HTML data.
Generate a random appid from a remote URL.
Create a tablib. dataset from a list of data.
Delete a zone.
Return the scatter property for the given entity proto.
Unregister a registered mimetype handler.
Logs out the user.
Compute a query down the tree of tables.
Check if the given filename is empty or canceled.
Enter standby status to an autoscaling group.
Returns a list of IPv6 addresses associated with the host.
Returns the stylesheet reference for the given settings.
Call a BGPS API method.
Check if the environment contains the required environment variables.
Returns a list of results for the given result class.
test full rfill
Asserts that all objects in the list are instances of the given class.
Return a unique identifier for the specified pool
Reloads the CDS file.
Strip object transient sysmeta prefix from key.
Rename a file or directory.
Broadcast a series of arrays.
Start a virtual machine.
Test comparison of volume source spaces.
Return the full path to the ipset executable.
Render a KML document and return the KML document as a response.
Add negatives or positives positives and negatives.
Install a package if it isn t installed already.
Jinja2 error handler.
Test that the sum of rows and columns equals the mean of the sums.
Return the machine name of the current machine.
Oneline filter.
Test feature loaded from file sets the line number of the feature and the filename of the file.
Convert datetime to log string.
Approximates the FF - divide of a polynomial with a constant k.
Hashes the contents of a file.
Yield successive n - sized chunks from seq.
Recursively find all the components of a function or derivative at x.
Determines if a pending registration should be approved.
Check that the polarizations p1 and p2 are equal.
Delete a topic rule.
Launch a softwareswitch server.
Test the completion of a script for the default parameters.
Recursively merge the contents of one directory into another.
Escape a string for use in an XML file.
Build a rex page for a target node.
Convert bytestring to lowercase for SQLite databases.
Prints the specified command and user.
Execute a single concurrent statement.
Verifies an OAuth request.
Load the model dictionary.
Check if there are any local or global hrm variables for current request.
Ensures that the named role is absent.
Checks if the string starts with a channel character.
Upload a template and reload it if it has changed.
UPLINK BUSY Section 9. 2. 13
Escape a string for use in an HTML document.
Create a filter query for the given args.
Create a subnav link.
Commit changes.
Returns True if the given string is a valid type in the column of arch.
Extract items.
Split url into path and query.
Handle a namespace import.
Context manager for nested context managers.
Convert mcycles to milliseconds.
Returns the description of the specified lines.
Test install from file index hash link.
Returns the network adapter type.
Run all tests.
Get auth profile class from settings.
Sets the location list for the specified diagnostics
Condense semicolons in CSS.
HMAC - SHA256 digest.
Get a namespace by its ID.
Collate the value of an expression.
Filter a string based on a regular expression pattern.
Check if a plugin is enabled.
Convert timedelta to float seconds.
Read bits and interpret as a decimal point number.
Recursively delete files matching one of the patterns.
Return a compiled regex pattern for the table of contents for the given indexname.
Convert data to chunk tuple.
Given a list of nodes return a list of partitioned nodes.
Extends the nodelist of extend_node and returns a list of placeholders.
Test pagelinksplugin show all pages.
Remove elem from its parent and add it to its tail.
Check if the login is still fresh.
Check if the given address is a valid IP address.
Given a list of kinds return the sizes of those kinds and the total sizes of those
Get a map from attributes to values.
Copy a stored file from src_path to dest_path and delete the file from storage.
Load the default font.
Parse a format method string.
Get a CA signed key.
Return a list of arguments to be passed to the crawler.
Test that annotate_text_utf32_directly_index_into_unicode works
Get the geometry output for a specific connection.
Get the value of a hash field
Make a local path from a string.
Print search result for debugging purposes.
Test that pip can be imported as a python module.
Returns the maximum absolute value of the maximum of absolute values in array a.
Setup the UVVR platform.
Show the version number of sopel.
Convert a list of filenames to a filename.
Returns a processor for the given bitmap file.
Run system overloads and test for threaded tasks.
Recursively convert all XML objects in a dictionary to their corresponding transformed paths.
Stricter version of _set_binops_check
Cast an object to a target class.
Computes nbins histograms for the given image.
Check if password is valid.
Create a triples object.
Find a network with bridge.
Draws the spectral surface.
Align unaligned HMM sequences.
Get the toy dataset.
Prompt the user to choose from a list of options.
Default error handler. Stores the connection and cursor in the messages attribute.
Get the position of a media instance.
Pretty print a dictionary of parameters.
Decorator for skip_unless_lms.
Parse the autopart line.
Returns information about the reverifications for the given statuses.
Get the current site.
Get the full path to the virtualenv.
Create the ratelimit configuration if it does not exist.
Convert a value to a constant.
Password prompt.
Run pytest on a collection with a maximum number of failures.
Getcrafted text from text.
Test the negative distance.
Modify an existing retention policy.
Prints a string to the output.
Create a property that will set the value of a dictionary at the given index.
Get content from S3 and delete it.
Return a type description for a given type.
Returns the environment for running Ansible integrations.
Get the IP of a sentinel master
Determine if there is any repository dependencies and if so what type of dependency this tool has.
Iterate over fields.
Remount the device.
Sends a message to a room and returns the response.
Return the skew - symmetric matrix.
Add an end XML tag to output.
Tuple target.
Remove num_ characters from the end of a string.
Archive the sources in sources_dir into the package.
Prettify an order line.
Get a list of groups that match the specified filter criteria.
Return True if the string represents a canonical integer.
Set all hosts and user to str_
Returns the name of the hypervisor bridge.
Match sort key.
Default export transform function.
Check if the given frequency provides cors features.
Reraise a value error.
Get the saved rules from a configuration file.
Create PostGIS database
Return the number of CPU cores on the machine.
Return the number of the most recent commits.
Convert a version string to a version tuple.
Read a group feed
Create a patch viewer for the given dataset.
Concatenate values from multiple models into a single string.
Run mainloop loop.
Colorize text.
Get the package name from a filepath.
Formats a string of HTML using the given format_string and arguments generator.
Add models to the syncing models list.
Runs the python binaries for the specified package and returns the formatted output.
Sort namespaces and localnames alphabetically.
Train the model.
Resize the socket.
Checks if the given path exists.
Recursively calculates the variables needed for a particular operating system
Finds all snippet files that match the pattern.
Return the metadata for the current language and the consensus.
Returns a list of sids for the given test songs.
Get a node annotation.
Get snapshot data.
Return a session counter.
Write a string table to an XML file.
Raise exception_class with args and config.
Wrapper for dynamic. dispatch.
Displays the current error and traceback.
Return True if we should collect pytest - ignores.
Load a glyph for a single character and store it in the glyphs_dict.
Return the first and last day of the given month.
Import all notifier drivers.
pinv_1d function compatible with numpy.
Round n to the nearest power of b.
Rotate around an axis.
Check if there is an upgrade available for the given package.
Return the commit message for the given suggestion.
Decorator to define a task that sends email.
Allows the decorated function to be publicly available.
Return list of valid field types for given resource.
Rotation matrix from p to q
test get_param_vector and set_param_vector
Return enabled and disabled status.
Return cached grains for the minion.
Prepare the lookup value for the given key.
Read a file with a normal table and a set of excluded columns.
Convert a list of integers to a string.
AJAX GET handler for agent lookup.
Detect executable paths in a list of Windows Registry strings.
Sets the properties for the given image.
Set gl entries by account.
Return a list of translation messages for the given report.
URL - encode a string.
Initialize the configuration variables for OS 2.
Convert datetime. date to string.
Find the migration repository.
Recursively process all rules in the match_rule and add them to the list.
Try to find the correct executable for the given command.
Convert text into an IP address.
Return the number of lines and width of the terminal.
Convert a dense batch to a sparse matrix.
Checks if the file is cached locally and if so caches it locally.
Returns the url to remove the tag from the question.
Inject all pyopengl functions into the namespace
Returns the URL of a remote repository.
Check if two rectangles intersect.
Extract the error message from a page.
Set a HTTP proxy for use with requests.
Returns True if the given name should be ignored.
Get the name of a media instance.
Start logging to a file.
Check if the server is alive
Return a list of proxies for the given network service.
Parse a string according to the OnBlog 8 - bit date format
Return a unique ID for the given entry.
Get a phylogenetic metric by name.
Test warning configuration with Google Home Listening Port.
Decode a base64 - encoded unicode string.
Generate a random salt.
Format a stat response.
Create a base cipher.
Add XML fragments from a list of vertices.
Split an iterable into n - sized chunks.
Returns the environment variable for the specified segment_info.
Get the access key from the environment.
Get the current job from the job stack.
Remove a directory if it is empty.
Returns True if the given user has votes or is logged in.
Returns a list of scopes for the given service or all scopes if none is given.
Insert extended characters after the first occurrence of the character in str. Returns the number of insertions
Trim leading lines from a list of lines.
Check that the version of Bower is less than or equal to the valid version.
Get the name of an object.
Generate a random password.
Getcrafted text from text.
Create a manifest object from an XML file.
plaintext to html.
Check if the port is in acknowledge.
Convert a number of bytes into a human readable string.
qute_settings handler
Horizontally stack a sequence of arrays.
Initialize readline environment variables.
resize_promo_imgs resize_promo_imgs - resize a promo
Check if the action is required.
Submit a draft for review.
Sends an email to the user asking for their approval.
Language rebulk.
Copy query options to protocolbuffer.
Compute the angle and axis of a rotation matrix.
Present user name in S3 compatible format.
Split a quoted string into quoted string and remaining string.
SRP Packet processing loop.
Safely update dict_to with dict_from.
Create a new user.
Load a list of images into a dictionary
Generate a tab - separated string for the given depth.
Create a recurring run for a job.
Check if x is at the origin.
Update or create a volume type extra specification.
Find all tests in the given test directory.
Add time units to the given time.
Initialize the logging system.
Compute all pairs of contrast contrasts.
Get the root device name from a properties dict.
filt_zi filter a signal sos.
Return the vocab of all tags.
Test that pick_channels and pick_types work.
Callback for ownership plugin.
Find the leftmost point in a list of pointcomplexes.
Initialize database.
Returns a list of association strings for the given qos_specs_id.
Convert a Timestamp protobuf to a datetime. datetime.
Cache the ID for the given name.
Packages the installed packages into a tarball
Set the logger class.
Return the minimum index of count items in the input timeperiod.
Feermat function from scipy. optimize. fermat.
BeautifulSoup wrapper.
Recursively computes the difference of two polynomials.
Send email notification for a new language for a subproject.
Kernel function.
Create a symbolic link to a volume.
Show the details of a specific job.
Get a zone by name.
Cull a potential file into a list of potentials.
Open a resource.
NAME xlsx2py. py
Create a pairtree marker if it does not exist.
Takes a graph and prunes out all non - used edges.
Create a containercontroller application.
Context manager that silences sys. stdout and sys. stderr.
Test that constrainfiltermaxnorm works.
Read a table from a string using a delimiter.
Get the readme files dict for display in the console.
Read and parse a croninfo. txt file.
Returns the gating content for the specified user in the specified course.
Create a certificate issuer ID
Check if a user has permission for a group or org.
Runs limited_epoch_train on the yaml file.
Process escaped characters in text.
Parse a RArefaction FNAME.
Print information about the virtual machine.
Parse a range header.
Get file and module name.
Create a version for a given upload.
List available modules on the system.
Compute the compression rate.
Add a translation file for a plugin.
Return the type of the result.
Validate a URL against a list of protocols.
Uninstall all packages in pkg_list.
Return the numpy dtype corresponding to the datashape.
Print bokehjs information.
Convert a uuid1 string to a datetime object.
Create a DHCP options object.
Return a list of tuples where the first element is a variable name and the second element is
contiguous version of ascontiguousarray.
Returns the angle between the central overhang of an element node and its interior overhang angle.
Runs lookup_candidates on the candidates.
Remove the language from the page and mark the descendants as pending.
Validate a parameter in the request.
Initialize the rc module.
Return a new dictionary with dict_a added to dict_b
Orthogonal projection of idzr projection of a vector.
Returns a generator that yields tuples of model verbose_name and model verbose_name_plural
Return the image type for the given vda.
List all the instances with full information.
Check if an IP device exists.
Test that markers are rendered correctly.
Prompts the user for a password.
Create a delimited list expression.
Returns a list of all unittest. TestCase subclasses in the given module.
Get a list of all PCI devices with the given instance uuid.
Benchmark R6 sin function.
Generate a random JID.
Handles rmtree errors.
Return QApplication instance.
Add memory dependencies to a device memory object.
Return the version string.
Return a connection object to the database.
Runs a command and returns the docstring.
Generate a key for descending order.
Returns True if file is a TTY False otherwise.
Convert an RGB array to a RGBA array.
Check if there are duplicate transactions with the same txn_id.
Consul agent checks.
Helper function for add_new_ide_controller
Takes an image and resizes it to the required size.
Stop memory profiling.
Convert unicode to unicode if necessary.
Create a date object from a string.
Returns the id of the longest sequence in ids.
Attempt to raise a valueerror when inside a context manager.
Add the endpoints of a segment to the list of endpoints based on the solidsurfacethickness
Simplify a parser return.
Convert a version string to a tuple.
Change the owner and group of a file.
Get the value for managedcloud.
Return a list of problems with the help text for the given command.
Return OpenID Connect consumer instance.
Remove the commit offset from a version string.
Check if the hostname is valid.
Get current media player time.
Returns the version string without any special characters.
Format an IPv4 address in hexadecimal.
Run a function as a wsgi server.
Open a TCP connection to a remote host and port.
Complex conjugate of a float.
Increase counter by indpb.
Loweress bisquaret.
Split host into host and port tuple.
Generate code for the given template node.
Read the end - of - archive64 archive data.
Python 3. 0 raises a comma in a function call.
Compute mne loc based on the coil location.
Return a list of locale directories.
Get the adapter name and IP address for a Linux adapter.
Redirect to the index page.
Returns the minified version of a javascript string.
Remove a security group from a server.
Helper function for nodeitem_tooltip.
Render a template and return a 400 Bad Request response.
Validate an XML file against a schema.
Test scenario description.
Compute cov_hc2.
Sends all users email.
Prints a basic debug message for debugging purposes.
Log a message to the root logger.
Adds a new status for the logged in user.
Deconstruct a timestamp assetid.
Return a tuple of a boolean and a string describing whether or not the module is virtual.
Send a consumer email.
List certificates for a service.
Escape special characters in a string.
Sort a dictionary by its keys and reverse the keys.
If f is less than num_ then return f. Otherwise return f.
Expand or shorten a URL.
Remove compiled application.
Returns the long description of the module.
View for index transactions.
Return backup mode.
Get the logger object.
Returns the URL for the given view_name.
Primitive function in x0.
Monkeypatch threading module with gevent. event and gevent. local.
Check if the operating system supports AVX.
yank the nth argument of a string.
Unescape a string.
Returns the supported language for the given path or None if there is no supported language.
Get all arounds of the given paths within the given radius.
Clean up old image files.
Returns the preferred language variant for the given lang_code.
test if p is a list or tuple
Part a channel.
Generate test cases for each allocated size.
Runs a script in the script directory.
Example tumbolia command.
Write message descriptors to out.
Remove an identity from an object store.
Recursively set file or folder permissions.
Make a file readable and writable.
Validate a commit message.
Returns True if dist is in the user site False otherwise.
Wait for the volume to be retyped to new_volume_type.
If Python 2. x is not Python 3 unicode conversion is required.
Transpose a vectorized matrix.
Convert a string to a color.
Wrapper for Django s timesince function.
Return the configuration string for the grain family.
Serialize obj to JSON using json. dumps.
Get all instance uuids for a given host.
Delete a document if it exists.
List all installed apps.
Convert a packetid to an rfx object.
Parse a sequence of sentences using a feature - chart parser.
Get the PyOS input hook.
Parse the jenkins response and return the result.
Generate a unique filename for the announcement image.
Detect CSV format in given stream.
Adds a summary for each gradient in grads to the given collection_key.
Parse credentials from options.
Convenience method to log a message at the WARNING level.
Validate an integer.
Write a string to output.
Return a language dictionary for the given site_id.
Convert a value into a JS object.
Convert string to list.
Read a pcap file and return a list of RDPCAPs.
Drop missing values from y and x.
Monitor the journal for changes
Block a twitter account
Test the implementation of fit_sample and regression_tree.
List virtual interfaces
Save editor content.
Get a group type by id.
Convert a base36 string to a base64 encoded string.
Sends an e - mail for every app that has recently finished adaily rating.
Enable a service via the daemontools executable
Plug - in Protobuf plugin
Test grouped copy and group_by.
Depth - first BFS algorithm.
Return the default nodename for the given hostname.
POST to kubernetes based on url
Find a file or directory.
Finds an element by CSS selector with wait.
Get available languages.
Renders the response after password reset is done.
Try to find readline library.
A generator that iterates over the given function in reverse order applying the given limit.
Test Gridsearch with CV gridsearch.
Fail unless first equals second as determined by the == operator.
Create a matplotlib shape from a matplotlib path and a pen.
Concatenates multiple tensors along an axis.
Set a font in the given section.
Query for instance faults by instance uuids.
Create a breadcrumb list for a query and path.
Validate BugTracker URL.
Calls a program and waits for it to finish.
Returns the custom field context for Zendesk custom fields.
Rebuilds the marshalled bytecode into a Python object.
Get the indices of the constant effects and the index of the constant.
Try to open the lockfile or the server.
Merge a list of hosts with a list of roles.
Stricter version of require that requires a single existing key.
Returns number rounded to three places.
Clicks an element.
Get a xunit function from an object.
Read the configuration file.
Prepare the asides to store in the database.
Resume an instance
Truncate words in HTML.
Process grains and return a dictionary of guides and their compositions.
Check if there is no rewrite to do for this arg.
Check if gcs_uri is a valid gcs uri and fix it if needed.
Provide a tooltip for the form field.
Get the numpy dtype for the given dtype.
Update incompatible appversions when an addon is added
Get the gecos field for a password.
Returns a list of paths corresponding to the given indexes in the treewidget model.
Check if the line contains a line that is not None.
Returns a list of all files under root_dir.
Get a driver by name.
Return a string representing the name of a function.
Isolates the LRU cache for the duration of the context.
Get the latest DHCP lease for this vm.
Set attributedictionary of xmlelement by the arguments passed in.
Get indices for minibatches.
Walk the packages and test if they contain tabs.
Load an object from a module.
Expand the dimensions of an array along a given axis.
Test whether two tensors are all equal within a tolerance.
Convert a list of issues into a dictionary.
Get the system file system encoding.
Page for viewing the betasigned log
Return a list of the names of the serial ports.
Get the MAC address of a network interface.
Multiply the expression by the constant.
Generate a dataset file with the specified number of items.
convert element node to geometry output
Shows a progress bar for the given iterable.
Reshape a 2D array to a specified shape.
Hook for pre_run_code_hook.
Test batchnormalizedmlp with learn_scale propagated at allocate.
Embed an albumartist into an image.
Run a command.
Seed random number generators.
Test getting a single user via API.
Return atom element with html and illegal unicode replacements.
Returns the bitwise inverse of the given bitmask.
Sums the sums of each category in the group.
Convert the given element node to the output geometry format.
Replace existing loggers with their handlers.
Get hardware information for each client in client_list.
Calculation of the linear function.
Traverse a gpuarray and store the result in d.
Checks that the command output does not contain any text.
Map a list of requests into a list of responses.
Create a flavor.
Parse command line options and explicit arguments.
Build a LCP array from a string.
Return the current offset from the offset file
Plot a polar distribution.
Parse an XML document from a response.
Setup logging based on command line arguments.
Check if n is a tuple.
Patched describe_step method to patch emr. emrobject. clustertimeline.
Get the path to a resource in a virtualenv.
Return the sentinel object.
Remove a contributor from a document.
Deprecated version of addslash.
Autocomplete packages.
Accepts a DSON string or a file object and runs it through the JSON parser.
View for managing a project.
Writes the output to a file.
Replace bad filenames with good filenames
Transmit a message to the remote destination.
Start the restart process
Run Vision on the input files and extract descriptions.
Checks if the given requirement is installed.
Update the session language if needed.
Setup the platform.
Validator for slug.
Test the failure of an atomic download of a segment.
Create a set of pad parameters for the curve value and threshold value.
Return load information for a given job id
Test whether the system - site - packages flag is set.
Rank 1nes using rosenbrockfunction.
Run the test case when no targets are specified.
Return the current working directory.
Adds a path to the infillpaths list.
List vrrps for an instance.
Return rebulk rules for release groups.
Parse the text at the i th character.
Resolve all matches of the anno to the task.
Returns a list of ordered categories
Convert an IP address to binary format.
Checks if the given string is a valid ISM address.
Search for a port by name.
Get the full path to the makefile for this project.
Expression binary operator.
Poll NetIO counters every interval seconds.
Get the root directory of a path.
Enable a job on the server
Create a new figure manager and return it.
Return a translatable string for txt.
Attempt to login using the crypto library.
Sum the parts of a numpy array
Merge dict_2 into dict_1.
Convert timedelta to days.
Serialize data to JSON.
Create a templated plugin.
Print the mean variance variance variance and coheneffect size of the live instance.
Return the base name of a file or directory.
Get a tenant by name.
Writes the contents of the file filename to the log.
Compute the gradient of a constant expression.
Return the partition of the index value.
Decode base64 text.
Run pip on the old version of pip.
Generate num name and category tuples.
Distribute SSH keys to all available hosts.
Get the manipulated paths for the loop.
Run on the appengine service.
Read pillar data from Vault
Disable password authentication on the remote host.
Load bucket data
Create a test image.
Run isolation forest test.
Return a list of users for a MongoDB database.
Returns the current working directory.
GetcraftedText from a text file.
Shortcut for running scripts and functions.
Returns a pretty string representation of the frame relation type.
Returns pipeline for downloading.
Writes the given text to a file.
Get a server from a service group
Query the database for note messages.
Get the names of the arguments of a function.
Print an error message to stderr.
Indents a range of lines.
Return a JSONable server error response.
Given a list of circle intersections return a list of intersection loops
Start block operation.
Return information about a given jid
Restores the warnings state from a previously saved state.
Replaces absolute links in a regex match.
Get the color name for a given value.
This test fails if there is a conflict between code1 and code2.
Return the current runlevel.
Generate feature and sample indices for bagging datasets.
Set an environment variable using os. environ.
Create an error object.
Returns True if l has exactly n elements.
Calculate the localization factor of a butterworth distribution.
Get the kernel for the given value.
Test the creation of a WEDGE text datasource.
Return netstat routing information for NetBSD.
Create init. py file for child_dir and parent_dir.
Returns True if SWI is installed False otherwise.
Test that no extra packages are created after the wheel.
Perceptron output.
PDF for Inverse Gamma prior
Check the version of the curator server.
Mocked get_release_by_id.
Doctest for float doctests
Returns a small undirected undirected graph that is essentially a bull graph.
Distribute distributed server test.
Decodes base64 string into unicode string.
Sanitize a filename.
Groups a list of ranges into a single range.
Pretty print a Python object.
Get the indexer absolute numbering for a specific indexer.
Initialize the zoneinterval table for the given shape and vertexes.
Sanitize a URL.
Process the graph and print the results.
Get the command - line arguments from the docstring of an object.
Dirichlet logpdf of a vector.
Create a url with the data encoded in base64.
Update a collection summary.
Create a parameter of given size with given value.
Check if the current event is safe or not.
Test render_mri without bem.
Returns the command to install the specified requirements file.
View for a storage account table.
Reset the current locale to the default.
Return True if the Unicode character unichar can be printed.
Get the machine key.
Accepts a custom value and checks that the conversion succeeds.
Returns True if the given segment matches the given section.
Test that we can connect to a statsd logger and fail.
Splits a sequence into chunks of the given size.
Return a string containing the current thread names and their stacks.
Combine a list of nflgame. play. Game objects into a single sequence of nfl
Get a class from a class path.
Deferred getattr implementation.
Find the user and password for the specified host
Filter for truncated URLs.
icrs with arrays coordinates and distances.
Get all questions and series for a complete survey.
Wrap negative index in num_ if necessary.
Index function.
Test if a file ends with one of the endings.
Get the key from the config file.
An argparse handler for getting the absolute path to a directory.
Enables a service.
Finds the management module for the given application.
Check if there are user - specified doctags in the database.
Test feature. from_string to test feature. max_length
Returns a list of roles with the specified permission.
Returns a queryset of likes for the given object.
Returns a set of unresolved symbols in the given hex code.
Get locale.
Test that kde takes integer input as input.
Quote a URL for use in URL encoding.
Render a template file using wempy.
Get a list of tile transforms.
Get the URLs of the favorites for the given user and content object.
Return a namedstringio object filled with the contents of a file.
Setup a sauce browser
Check if the given pathname is a directory.
Get the raw pillar data.
Get collection rights.
Find the root location of the given resource.
Returns a list of unpacked Loop objects corresponding to the geometry output of a solidderivation.
Inverse permutation of a permutation vector.
Moving Average.
Clone a BS4 element.
Create a new derivation object for the given element.
Guest password database donttuse test.
Print a journal as a plain text string.
Test RGB to HSL conversion.
Send a command to the player.
Set an indicator on a board.
Remove a bench app.
Get the status and result of a task.
Remove leading and trailing slashes from a string if it exists.
Set interactive mode
Split filter value for quotes.
Test sparse activation.
Register HTML5 language information.
Normalizes the AWS facts based on the information in metadata.
Join two segmenttables into a single segmenttable.
Fill include and exclude names.
Write to a file descriptor.
Test that the plot_psd_topomap function works.
Returns a list of organizations or revisions for the current user.
Convert MC residuals to MNC.
Get epfiles for a season
Convert a list of paths to native paths.
Load the status of all channels.
Serialize data to a pickle formatted string.
Takes a function and a list of args and kwargs and returns an ordered dictionary of the arguments
Convert a list of local options into a topooptimizer.
Get the mapping of block devices.
Merge another configuration into the base configuration.
Remove any joinables in the list names.
Set audio format callbacks.
Converts a descendant_addresses object to a pathglobs object.
Return the server type from the JSON doc.
Generate a set of fingerprints for a set of channel samples.
Check if x is an integer.
Convert input into a linearoperator.
Returns a datetime object with the current epoch.
PyPI module must have tkinter installed.
Suspend a connection.
Try to import imageio and pil.
Get the signed app server endpoint.
Return True if in_str is an empty string.
The report filter view.
Accept connections from the given listener until no more connections are available.
Write the corrected mapping file.
Read a text file.
Processes the mistral configuration file.
Show version of a device.
Authorize a user with a given credentials.
Coarsely coarse datetime. datetime. utcnow.
Given a list of URLs return the title and hostname.
Create a row type.
Ensure that a VPN forwarding exists for the given IP address and port.
Add media parameters to a URL.
test that num_ is in range str_
Evaluates the number in p.
Get the step state for a given step name.
Returns the URL of the page with the given slug.
Query OSQuery for hardware events
Redirect the user to the create page.
Run a shell command inside a directory and return the output.
Save a nzb file.
Disassociate a fixed IP address from a host after a specified timeout.
Main function for galhtml.
Get an item from the database.
Generate a signature
Get foreground and background colors for the given display name.
Check if the given response has a header that matches the given header query.
Get the full path to a template file.
Calculate the data using the sinusoid method
Set SSL certificate key.
Temporarily set locale. lc_all for the duration of the contextmanager.
Call py__iter__ with the given evaluator and types.
Test the relationship between the arceus and the normal media.
Apk test objective function.
Return a list of socket files.
Load a YAML configuration file.
Return the string representation of an IP version.
Run distrib require command
Flatten a Flask response into a string.
Remove all keys from a database
Check a render pipe string for old style renderers.
Split a sentence on stem characters.
Extract the vulnerability rheader from a vulnerability resource.
Get the full path to the python inc dir for this platform.
Undo multivariate polynomial transformation.
Compute the tower loss.
Returns a list of completions for the given path.
proxyconnect_sso view.
Create divs for each field in fields.
Force a string to be unicode.
Ensure that the PR is fetched locally.
Convert an instance to a string.
Run a Bokeh installer in the specified environment.
Solve the entropic regularization optimal transport problem and return the solution.
Make a multi - dimensional grid of arrays.
Return the sum of the log of two numbers.
URL encode a single string.
Parses comments in the given string. Returns a list of tuples.
Parse a list of rules.
Return a resource name for the given package name.
Create a document in an index
This function slugify_uniquely_for_queryset returns the slug of the given value
Remove document permissions.
Get the output target extension from a specification.
Create a tracking context for a user.
Test that gooey. image_repository. patch_images returns an error when the directory
Check if the given path is an archive.
Check that the installed pip version is correct.
Check if all characters in a list are different.
Yield all the modules in the given package that can be imported.
Return True if certificates_display_behavior may be displayed for course.
Activate the virtualenv from the given path.
Update a user.
Recursively update dict dest with upd.
Prepares a request to create an instance.
Format a module directive.
Returns the filename of the current state.
Return a list of units.
Parallel version of parallel_pairwise.
Circularly shift a left - b
Test that the font size can be preserved in matplotlib.
Return True if s is a multiline string.
Run print_monitor_cv test.
Perform a Studio prompt action.
Convert bytes to human readable size.
Format currency.
Test the classification_report_imbalanced function.
Remove build artifacts.
Assert that tps are not the same as num_.
Construct doc2author dict from corpus and author2doc dict.
Delete a resource class.
Runs psea on a file and returns the result as a string
Insert a host record into the database.
SciPy autoencoder for sparse data.
Ensures that the domain does not exist
Download and install ez from scratch.
Fail if first is not equal to second.
Test the evaluation_report function
Equation 4033.
Duplicate a zzz - irreducible p - file.
Calculates the timeout for the given gross_time.
Convert a sequence of characters to a valid F4 string.
Runs the R11 test.
Get the current telephony state.
Encode a thing to the system encoding.
Returns the initial data for the given form.
Checkout page.
Escape makevariable expansion.
Create a set of slices for the given index.
Process the show version information from a Netmiko Netmiko Netmiko.
Check if the number of channels has changed and call the appropriate function.
Wait for a job to finish.
Create user and userprofile object.
Creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers.
expand a 32bit variable.
Returns the fileno of the given file or None if f is an integral file.
Apply constraints to blockvectorv.
Establish a HTTP request.
Get a hosting service by name.
Swap the xapi host in the given URL with the given host_addr
Filters given options and outputs valid settings for Ethernettool.
Get proxies from environment variables.
Context manager to temporarily change the current working directory.
Get the logging level for a given runlevel.
Setup the NetAtmo platform.
Read a VCF record from a file handle.
Return the server version of the computer.
Verifies the integrity of the uploaded file.
Return the kind of the key.
Partial maximum.
Returns the number of trailing blank lines and the string of the trailing blank lines.
Initialize the database connection.
Test plain and html templates.
Optimal backtracking.
Return a webob_exc. HTTPbadrequest exception for the given func.
Get all videos for a course
statement num_ = num_ + 1
Filter string using escapejs function.
Check the status of all running tasks.
Parse the results from a MODFILE query into a list of files and extensions.
Return single item selected by user.
Compute the reference matrix between two vectors.
Setup the MySQL API stubs.
Returns a tuple of tf. Variable s in a given scope.
Indents a line if necessary.
Return the string representation of the XML document.
Remove all filenames from the descriptor and all of its children.
Run a feature without a name.
Connect to SQS.
Get all MFA devices associated with a user.
List of documents.
Encode a time in sha512 format.
Update the top 25 contributors.
Right param of a and b
Filter filenames that are not in _excludes.
Skew symmetric cross product.
Write conditional formatting to xlsx file.
Change the workphone for a channel.
Returns a dictionary mapping node type to a list of fixers for the head of the grammar.
Context manager to temporarily set the in_sighandler flag.
Redirect to the home page if HRM mode is set to none.
Create a boolean column tensor.
Return True if the key is encrypted False otherwise.
Convert a numerical value into a NNN word.
Serves a ember application.
Validate LMS config.
Unregister a hosting service.
Decorator that can be used to mark functions that require login.
Return an iterator over the lines of the response body.
Returns the html code for a course s section.
Find the names of the directories in which the match string occurs.
Get the width of the longest character in a string.
Destroy a droplet.
Download a VCS link to the site - packages directory.
Convert sina XML data to a list of URLs.
Create a Python environment.
Main entry point for clcserver.
Estimate count samples from the linear regression model over the specified timeperiod.
Center a 1D array on its unit cell.
Runs the feature and asserts its output is colorless.
Build a graph from a cursor of host information.
Build adgroup criterion operations.
Check the status of a qdatastream.
Returns True if x == y and False otherwise.
Find the instrument device that can hold a rum group for a track or chain.
Return the base name of the given dev.
Prepare environment variables.
Reduce the precision of an svg element.
Render the purchase form as HTML.
Returns a list of commands to be executed for the given command.
Edit an account.
Get the id of an object.
Generate a list of extractors.
Find the renderer for the given rdf_obj.
Convert a fileobj to a file descriptor.
Maximum Likelihood Error.
Create a default application dialog.
Handler for the engine namespace
If the memory is comfortable compute the data.
Print error message if in development mode.
Parse a line into key value pairs.
Similar to eagerload except the joined load_all function is used instead of eagerload.
Returns the number of seconds since the given timestamp.
Parses the given HTML string using the given parser.
Return whether or not the system is virtual
Run a bunch of tests.
Set the creation order of an instance.
Prepare input x for filtering.
Send a Magic Packet to wake up a Minion.
Return the factor of expr.
KEGG target_db source_db
Return a redis service object.
List all VPC regions.
Full maximum for a broadcastable quantity.
Get a list of all files in the merged store with the given marker.
Get the resource limits from the remote host.
Normalize env var references in a string.
Check if data sharing consent is required at login.
Initialize multiprocessing.
Directives for django admin media serving are forced by setting django. conf. MEDIA_
Set the dirty flag for the current thread.
Return the identity of the given argument.
Revalidate the edges of a node in the heap.
Get the decimal symbol for the locale.
Check the length of a property value.
Fold the arguments of a signature.
Marks the decorated function as skip_doctest.
Get a writer for the given file extension.
Test that the AST cant compile a unary operator
Test equality of frozen and frozen sets.
Unwrap a test suite.
Bootstrap an ubuntu container
Check if path is a file or a directory with a file.
Show the help page for the given path.
Create a dict of base environment variables.
Evaluate filters on a document.
Search for a related vitem.
Reserve a vlanid.
Notify subscribers of a new translation for a unit.
Query a table and return the fields.
Returns a tuple of whether or not GnuPG is installed and the name of the virtualenv
Test precision - recall F1 score.
Exponential random variates.
Cleanup random number generators.
Returns net connections of the specified type.
Return the URL for a given week of the given type.
Generate a redis key from a salted set of arguments.
Match a keyword expression to a column item.
Return a version string.
Makes plot of source estimates for sparse sources.
Register a new _eventlistener to listen for events.
Reload the systemd daemon.
Returns the geometry output of a polygon derivation.
Return a tree of clades with strict consensus.
Constructor of the gauss wave domain
extrudes a gcode file.
Describe DCC address and port.
Test the roberts filter with diagonal elements.
Rearrange the dataframe df by a column disk.
View function for Azure Login.
Test for paths containing unicode in a filename.
Redirect to the specified endpoint or the next endpoint if none is specified.
LU factorization and determinant.
Send an e - mail to a user.
Get the schema version.
Rejects a suggested suggestion.
Check if the two blocks are semantically equivalent.
Runs a correlation test.
Talib wrapper for the cdlonneck talib library
Returns a set of types that can pass through arg.
Indent the information of a Genbank file.
Return a list of job ids filtered by job information.
Build a WSGI request object.
Checks if a check exists.
Parse a HTTP header line.
Format a dictionary of state specifications into a list of opts.
Check if the given user has the given permission on the project.
replace replace update column using catch_warnings
Return a string representing a dimension and hierarchy.
Apply palette 256 colors to an image.
Get a collection_summary object for the given collection_id.
Clusters a data set based on a distance matrix.
Runs the script and tests that the output of the script is a list of non -
Test fcrypt.
Tests whether a variable is a boolean
Preserves whitespace in a string.
Factorize a list of iterables into a list of lists.
Return pr api url from a web url.
Download S3 files.
Return the width of the perimeter of a tile.
Get the cli body for a single VRF or list command.
Remove a directory tree.
Format the time difference between two datetime objects as a human readable string.
Return the line number in the source code corresponding to loc.
Import a class from a class path.
Return the virtual name of the minion.
Read a pair of strings without escaping.
Migrate all objects labels from the root urn to the new root urn.
Set the logger class.
Update the version number of the given file_obj.
Rewrite a file by applying transforms to each line.
Return a lineationderivation object for the given element.
Generates a Java test file for the specified target.
Return scipy. signal. sosfiltfilt.
Encode a bytestring to a hex string.
Load a movie from a file.
Returns a list of patterns that match the given prefix.
Return the index of the key in the enum.
Create a GPU device from an array - like object.
Return the number of seconds it took to check promo_health_key
Calculate the size of the array in bytes.
Main function of the demo program
Check if a new version of pypi is available.
Returns True if all elements of seq are equal False otherwise.
Check if the user is allowed to use the tag namespace for the given tag namespace.
Run a shell command and return the output.
Get the last time the policy was updated.
No thousands separator filter.
Check if azure is installed and up - to - date
Print all registered plugins and their docstrings.
Returns the mmap object for the given array.
Run the lazyloader module.
Parses a mime - type into its component parts.
Remove old cache files for backends.
Apply received command to device.
Tests eventcollection switch orientation.
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
RELEASE COMPLETEMST Section 9. 2. 3
Check to see if a policy exists.
Parse absolute filepaths from page.
Check that all configuration file names have the same string name.
Upload a file.
Set owner and layer permissions for a resource.
Set the WMI log format.
Grant access to a shared folder to a list of users.
Checks if the given label is a directory or a string.
Shutdown threads and wait for them to finish.
Make a query to the REST API.
Return the amount of free CPU on the system
Add a notification driver.
Returns the relative path to the given path starting from the given start.
Sets up the test databases and mirrors.
CSV for facility management.
Initialize dataflash logger.
Start a fake server for the given service.
Use the aio library to interact with the database.
Find substring of string that matches pattern1 or pattern2.
Format a list of DNS records into a string.
Extract events from Keen.
Truncate the input matrix to the nearest integer rounding up to the nearest integer.
Updates the current version of Cygwin.
Check that a column conversion error is raised.
Return whether or not we re running in a virtualenv.
Append str_ to s if it doesn t already end in str_.
Get the size of the current file.
Create a default SSL context.
Delete one or more Google Cloud Storage files.
Initialize the link module.
Validate user name.
Sets the base type of the element at num_num to the correct type.
Set the attribute of an instance to a safe value.
Return the image to use for a given server
deploy a git repository
Split a list into chunks of max_rows.
Returns a dictionary of URLs that can be used to connect to Geoserver.
Return the version of the installed ipset
Formats a datetime object as a date string.
Validate email address.
This is the main handler function for all API calls
Check if VLAN exists.
Get a copy of the current environment removing the prompt and virtual path variables.
Stop touch app.
Replaces a string with a regular expression pattern.
Cookiecutter mocks cookiecutter and cookiecutter functions
Test using a mock rtclient.
Represent project status.
Check if the bucket_name is a valid dns name.
Initialize cycle.
Create the final layer of the network.
Download a file from a URL.
Postscript wrapper.
Parse a directive into its component parts.
Clean the lock file.
Attempt to recover a connection from a failed attempt.
Returns a vector3 from a list of float values.
Run a test on the given number of points.
Returns a git line for the given items.
Format a float as a string.
Count the number of elements in the given mapping.
Run a command on all nodes of the cluster.
Return a list of text lines from a string.
Checks if a point is added to a path.
Returns the number of results matching the query in the specified database.
Import data from a CSV file stream into a data set.
Yield dicts from a GPI11 file handle.
Get all possible name fields for a given model.
Greedily partition a counts dictionary into n - sized buckets.
List all available resources.
Return a function for searching labels in MB.
Run a single parameter.
Get the vcpu pin set from the config.
Render a snippet edit page.
Claim a worker for cleanup.
Convert a version string to a list of integers.
Find a rescue device for the given instance.
Return set of installed apps.
Remove missing values from a series.
Check if the schedule is enabled or not.
Show the interfaces on the system.
Get information about the mongo server
Check if the given path exists.
Plots a legend for the given position.
Set integersetting. value from valuestring.
Load a Git repository into elasticsearch.
Print the application alias.
Create a failure object from a dictionary.
Calculate checksum of IP.
Create a memoryview of the given size.
Generate test GO ID.
Simplify a variable coefficient.
Host lease information.
Resets the repository to the default state.
Computes the contrastive loss.
Get the username and key from settings. sauce.
Initialize the directories necessary to run the formula pillar and reactor
Get the href of the resource.
Check if the filename matches any of the regexs in matchers.
Return a regular expression to match URLs with the given prefix.
Handle variable values.
Populate the organization attributes.
Set whether or not remote login should be enabled on the device.
Check a password against a user s password.
Get a list of lun ids that are not used in the given mappings.
Apply the yui_compressor filter to the input file.
Do a woeid search using the web interface.
Secret model generator.
Expression number.
Copy a Django template to another directory.
Validates that the given string is a valid graph field.
Called when a future completes.
Returns a set of keyword arguments to pass to the decorated class.
START DTMF Section 9. 2. 18
Test the fitness of a genome.
Get the current registry.
BV - EV copula.
Preload a module or modules.
Translate formula.
Celery requires logging to be enabled.
Returns True if the given course is small enough to be enrolled in a course.
Show a group package.
Initialize cuckoo modules.
Dump the adsorbate schema.
Manage imported files for a given version.
Get the RSA public key.
Convert list to numpy array.
Set the value of the option with the given key.
Redirect the user to the index page with an optional redirect.
Get a list of subplotspecs from a list of axes.
Attaches the EPS field to the queryset.
Runs zfs command and prints error message if process exited.
Encode an integer with prefix_bits into a bytearray.
Convert value into boolean.
Get the name associated with a given principal.
Entry point for the test suite.
Unparse an endpoint description.
Import the secedit config file
Set attributes on a queue.
Get the date for a node from the CCX.
Returns the fundamentals path for a geometryutilities file.
Delete a virtual.
Render a field and label.
Shuffle an array.
Deletes a string in a generator.
Clear the cache.
Apply a change to the current locale.
Split null strings into a list of strings.
Run a shell command and return the output.
Get a tree of all files in the base directory.
Return argument as a positive integer.
Print the number of bytes in a byte string.
Run jsonreport with no steps.
Get the metrics from the buddyinfo file.
Mangle a for loop node.
Build exp_freq_mat from exp_freq_table.
Return a toctree object for the given docname.
Returns the absolute path to the project - specific data directory.
Determine if there are visible panes.
Raise an error. If name is None return the empty dict.
Compute the Hadamard product of a sequence of matrices.
Wait for a write to the given file descriptor.
Update a comment.
Generate the HTTP response headers.
Resync an IP address.
Deserializes the XML root and prepares the nodes.
Start OpenVZ containers.
Lookup instance by name label.
Find tcl_root and tk_root.
Configure the platform with the given config.
Parse a row of data using a list of parsers.
Returns the number of bytes occupied by the disk space of the specified folder.
Exclude brackets if enabled or not.
Pull a robot from the screen.
Send a row to the API.
Convert a key value pair to a BSON element.
Write ascii file with comments.
Convert a ImagesServiceError to an ImagesServiceError.
Mark a class as abstract.
Make or verify a core directory.
Get the precision value of the element.
Remove empty lines from text.
Deletes the named vm
Update the channel value.
Decode a single image using the given rings.
Get a value from the configuration.
Get namespaces from an API server.
Get window analyze file given text.
Check that a key is a reference.
Create a link subtemplate element.
Attach a policy to a user.
IPython 2 version of ipyfunc2
GetcraftedText from a file.
Get the module name from a filename.
Get all the docstrings of a module that are documented in a docstring.
Runs pip and checks that the output of the pip command is the same as the output of
Check if a loop intersects with a segment.
Attempt to get the platform from distutils.
Detach a device from a zpool
Set the channel mask.
Add the build directory to sys. path.
Create a storage container.
Test the determinism hatches for str_.
Lists the permissions of a virtual host.
Returns a random slice of the queryset.
Make a channel object from the given types.
Shows a message dialog and returns None
Add the path to the environment variable if needed.
Check available and available plugins for the given config.
Setup the platform.
remux audio to muxapp
Sanitise a JSON error dictionary.
Translate a glob pattern to a regular expression.
List the members of team with team_name.
Install the conf_module_name conf_module_name.
Delete a contact field.
Remove version number from href.
Unpacks a code string into a python code structure.
Tests the performance of the fancyarrow_dpi_cor function.
Compute the linear recurrence function.
Test scikit - learn pipeline for CSP and SVM.
Return True if a is close to b.
Read a pocsuite file and return a list of items.
Update the supported locales for the webapps identified by ids.
Returns a list of options for selecting alert addresses.
Quit window.
Given a string return an interpolated cache slug.
Test utils. get_repr.
Return the name of the file at the given path.
Index all receivables.
Yield imports on separate lines.
Return a versioneerconfig object.
Pause all services in the specified service_names.
Run vulture against a list of files.
Determine the disk image type.
Get a relationship.
Return link to document.
Get the output filename for a particular split.
Inserts a new query into the database.
Redirect to S3 with index_alt option.
Run the main loop.
Repeat or unrepeat a tracklist.
Returns a_path relative to reference_path.
Compute the distance between two triangles.
Delete all app tarballs in the specified location.
Update translation catalogs in the project directory.
Extract parts of a number from a string.
Calls brew to refresh the database.
Calculate precession matrix from from epoch to epoch using thecapitaine method.
2nd order polynomial evaluation.
Closes both streams and waits for them to finish.
Get the name of the last stored primary server.
Make a PUT request to the API.
Returns a weighted subgrader for the given configuration.
install yum package
Print msg merged with args as an exception.
Configure the marathon callback
set a custom icon file
Temporarily redirect webengine data to the data directory.
Splits the current HTML page by what.
Get group status
Fetch all datastore entities.
Get test hooks for each test file in test_files.
Lookup a hostname from a ssh config object.
Reads a snippet sequence from a file.
Return True if a is a numeric vector and b is a string - like array.
Extract order arguments from the request.
Setup backups.
Creates a new user with the specified username and password.
Test that a step object has a repr.
Iterate over the items of a mapping that may be a multidict.
Attempts to import cx_oracle and asserts that it works.
Setup and dispatch engine.
Returns a list of SQL objects representing the tables in the database.
Set media player title.
Remove a person from the current site.
Checks if the given argument is an overflow of the given type. If fatal is set to True
Decode a sequence of integers into a dictionary.
Yield dicts from OpenSSH SSH output.
Generate a filedigest for the given file.
Pretty print a dictionary of attributes.
Learner profile page.
Eradicates questions that need to be escalated.
Google search.
Returns a middleware that handles all incoming requests
Returns True if the thread policy is different from the default.
Deserialize stream_or_string.
Test that x is a 2D array.
Get all volume types in a group.
Calculate the fitness of a genome.
Open Cover on the domain.
Reset the API key for the user.
Register the language manager.
Paginate and display gallery.
Fallback implementation for fdrcorrection.
Return the path to the GPG executable
Get the fort details.
Getcrafted text from text.
Download a URL to a directory containing dailymotion videos.
Check if a unicode string contains surrogates.
Helper function to format the output of the coredump command.
Add a local file to the scan directory.
Return system release and version information from syscmd.
Test converting a sphere to a Cartesian.
Split mime type into main type and sub type.
Get environ proxies for a given url.
Poll for messages.
Check if the user has access to the specified course_key.
Run a piptest script inside a virtualenv.
Disable a haproxy server
Mac OS X
Show migrations that have changed.
Create a sitelink feeditem from a list of feed items
Get OS release attribute.
Remove the destination directory if it exists.
Check if a color is a foreground light.
Get Yaubico users.
Set or unset keys for a vtype.
Find the index of the channel with the given name.
Read the evokeds file and return as a numpy array.
Parse all the multi - package addons.
Return a UsageKey deserialized from a string.
Get queries from all installed plugins.
Delete user groups.
Set a value in a dbus collection.
Set the script prefix.
Create a version info object.
Return a list of configuration options.
Generate a file - like object containing a list of projects.
Upload Netmiko resources from a dictionary.
Write data to ascii file with fixed width format.
Return a list of identity nodes in the graph.
Initializes a collection with the given key.
Check if a package is removed from a directory.
Suspend dbus on Linux.
Returns a string containing the block count URL for the given xblock type set.
Return the logfactorial of x.
Try to guess the scheme of a URL.
Check if the lookup needs to be distinct.
Terminate all child processes and wait for them to finish.
Match package names against installed packages.
Leave a group.
Test the division of unit by string.
twiny plot.
Wrapper for terminal functions.
Echo the uploaded files.
Returns the last element of the inlist or None if there isn t any.
Generate sample data
Unlocks an account
Vote for a thread.
Insert or update a document.
Check if a packet is OK.
Launch the specified application file.
Hash a plaintext password.
Populate the project_info attribute.
Generate an OAuth 2. 0 access token.
Return the output of a vtk object.
Cache the children of the selected trees.
Get logo option as integer.
Returns a list of scheduled requests.
Tests the permutation_t_test function.
Activate the account identified by the activation key.
Parses a single rule.
Create a Linux distribution object.
Sanitize and linkify a string.
R - squared error.
Find the configuration file.
Returns a reverse url for the given viewname without prefix.
Deletes the virtual interface with the given id.
Build a list of tag parameters.
Convert a PEM string to a DER certificate string.
Set the locale for the given category.
Add a module to the cache.
Task error handler.
Format element create arguments.
Use theaccelerator to convert the aggregations to wx images
Create a new dersetof object from a sequence of derobjects
Ping a client.
Generate a secret for OA use.
Determines the sign of a constant.
Clean up the content of the database.
Returns the CSS dependencies for the specified pipeline.
Return a dictionary with the differences between two dictionaries.
Test tensor. is_flat.
Wrapper for talib. macdext.
Delete orphan object permissions.
Concatenate unicode strings into a single string.
Reboot a virtual machine
Deploys a docker app if it can be deployed.
Compute the p - value from funding tensor f.
Apply function with return_error.
Right - justify a string to a certain width.
Generate the metrics substitutions.
Validate the node json.
Asserts that the command output does not contain the given text.
Teardown the module.
Add a dictionary of messages to the code.
Wrapper around setuptools. setup that stops the distutils process when the process exits.
Push an item to the data dict.
Test that the language is English by default.
Test the creation of a random tree.
Extract settings from config and convert to Kodi settings.
Emitted when a test is run.
Writes text output to a file.
Returns a dictionary of messages for the given request.
Run a GNome lockdown job.
Start a threaded WSGI server.
Add a tenant to the specified flavor access list.
Returns a list of the names of the timezones in the registry.
Embed an album into a log.
Returns a sequence of strings where each string in the sequence is the right - d threshold of the
Convert a date string or list of dates to a number.
List the installed components
Print a deprecation warning.
Shift the path_info by num_.
Locate the given pattern in the database.
Generate a grant query
Compute the variance of the indicators.
Get the next device name.
Test the mininetcluster functionality.
Return format and data format code tuple.
Deletes a user.
Validates a named value for the given optdict.
Decorator to make a function that takes a geom_ptr and returns an integer.
Pretty print a message.
Find the top of the autotest tree.
Convert a legacy fs_desc_string to a test flags object.
Get the directory where feeds are stored.
Make pkgng aware of a package.
Returns the memcache key for the given collection id.
Exit the program with the given exit code.
Saves predictions to a file.
Format a UTC datetime object as a string.
Returns the value of num_ if num_ is true else None.
Get the KERBEROS principal associated with a given host or IP.
Convert an app label to a module.
Get the Windows directory.
Generate a course key for the given org number and run.
Returns the download url template for the given platform.
Show a single instance.
Test the operators of a parameter.
pytest - fixture to specify view types.
Check if a collection exists.
Test ica scores.
Quote an etag.
Splits fitnesses into two lists based on the median fitness of the fitnesses.
Test that column names in a CSV file do not match.
Return bounding box header and optional rotation.
Apply an optimizer to a function a and b.
load fmadm from path
Supply a new contact and verify that the number of contacts is the same as the number
Get SAML provider configuration.
Writes backrefs to the target_dir
Check a list of issues for bugs.
Create a new image of constant value.
Select the given read_fds in the given timeout.
View for the cohort management page.
Wrap xonsh_call returning a help message.
Insert a new vdi into the xen server.
Run the given function with the given exception and assert that the result is msg.
Convert x to a dask. DataFrame.
Returns True if the circuit represents a nonsparse non - sparse matrix.
Extract messages from a list of objects.
Check if the named service is disabled.
Flatten a numpy structured array.
Returns public key object for given key.
Returns a list of the names of the install server profiles.
Returns the absolute path to the test file for the given file name.
Manage binaries.
Create a multiple choice XML question.
Get the versioned asset url for the given path.
Check if the convert command is installed.
Frees libvlc_title_descriptions lock.
Squeeze the output.
Temporarily pin the current thread as the master thread.
Get a composite key from a record.
Get all group snapshots for the given project.
Prepare a command for subprocess execution.
Marks the project bootstrapped.
Safe sequence filter.
Returns the w3af version as a dictionary.
Return a tuple of whether or not this is a virtualenv.
Load the parser result store file.
Get the number of test cases that match the given group_by.
Get a translation unit for the given language.
Check if a consistency group is creating from a source consistency group.
Check if the given complexes are inline.
Return True if source is newer than target.
Return a string representation of a value tuple.
Resync webhook for a project.
Input length for convolution.
Returns the transparent torification module.
Identify names in code.
Cancel the draft for the current user.
Setup the platform.
Perform loop lifting on the IR.
MODIFY Reject Section 9. 2. 2
Return a sorted list of all mapping keys in a string s.
Entry point for the orgunitaddressbook program.
Returns True if the environment variable is running from a loader.
Spellcheck command.
Delete a CFN stack.
Create a constant of the same type as the given model but filled with zeros.
Decrypt an integer using the given key.
Main entry point for localansible.
Get a list of users from the email marketing provider.
Validate a JID resource.
Check if the user must complete the entrance examination.
Decompose a kernel into a 2x kernel and a list of patches.
Check that the composition is valid.
Return True if value is not None or if field. mode is str_.
Create a vCard object from a vcard string.
Registers a inclusion_only tag that renders only the specified string arguments from the template.
Equivalent to dlportwriteportuchar.
Test that argv is a list of strings.
Slice filter.
Delete a network interface.
Pretty print a value.
Check if a process is running.
Render a list of users.
Destroy a node.
Computes the collection summary and saves it to the database.
Confirm all alerts.
Return the ordinal of the given value.
Update the quota usage for a resource.
Get current language bidi node.
Creates the group for the document editor.
Test the discarding of the input space.
Multiply matrix v by matrix m1 and vector b.
Create an sls file for the specified format
Change the MAC address back
Quote all special characters in s.
Get the latest status of the episode.
Return options for a user privileges command.
Compile a source string into a Python code object.
Validate that the minutes parameter is a valid number of minutes.
Python 2. 6 doesn t have the package back patched so we need to create a new
Get config vars for this platform.
Return whether or not the minion is running in a virtual environment.
Get user info from S3.
Install pyui.
Similar to redirect but appends a slash to the end of the path
Find all modules in a folder.
Return a cleanup mode bitmask for the given mode.
Check if the given string is a shorthand IP address.
Return the image to use
Normalize source if it s different from the normpath.
Main entry point for metric_init.
Returns a vim. vmdk. client. ConfigSpec object for the vmdk attach
Helper function to reset the syslog config.
Read a record from a file handle.
Create a JS alert message.
Get the size of a file.
Set new cache limit.
Try to convert val to an integer between low and high inclusively.
Get profile image storage instance.
Calculate the hash of a file.
Write the source and context of a unit to the index.
Deactivate a list of packages.
Demonstration of the emclusterer module.
Upgrade to the latest version
Get a value from the request.
Update supported locales for a single application.
Convert an asyncio future to a tornado concurrent future.
Get the subsector of the S3 bucket.
Removes the logging null handler from the root logger.
Prepare input source.
Scale a matrix by normalize it to a unit norm.
Canonicalize a local zero - divide local expression.
Power on the server.
Writes the backup configuration to a JSON file.
Get the list of files in a subdir.
Get the uid of a user.
Runs the test harness using the test runner.
Prompt the user to delete the repository directory.
tester. sendrequest and tester. validateunlinkidentity
Return locale - prefixed URL.
Build a websocket upgrade request.
Return nobody s uid.
Parse a block of code and return it as a string.
Creates a feature that only contains int64 values.
Test that the grammar recognises a list of expressions and dictionaries.
Get the description of a video track.
Create a new text file with the given filename and encoding.
Verify that vispy modules are loaded correctly
Return a tuple of redis error classes.
Get information about a single nupicmodel.
Given a list of sequences get a mask to include only those that have the specified pad value.
Sum the number of rows and cols of a list of shapes.
Join a list of paths into a single path.
Split objs into two lists based on predicate pred.
Runs f with stdin and stdout redirecting to the same location.
Test for cv. isfile.
Poisson log - probability density function for categorical samples.
Run skype using subprocess.
Return a Python representation of the expression expr using sympy s built - in Python module.
Makes a URL from a string.
Returns a normalized localecode for the given localename.
Returns a copy of the input iterable partitioned by the indices of the parts.
Temporarily replaces the current style library with a temporary one.
Converts a vni string to a binary descriptor.
Show the robots. txt file.
Get the value of a metric.
Create a quick kanban board for a given doctype.
List all available repositories
Set httpcookies in conf. httpheaders.
Given a mime - type and a list of parsed media - ranges return the fitness and quality of
Testing function.
Given a resolver function return a resolver function that will bootstrap the resolver for num_ domains.
Decode feedback from a list of binary tuples.
List all available keypairs.
Python 3. 0 has_key function.
Put a value into a recon cache.
Yields all the diffsets with comments for the current pair.
Create a new DER bitstring from a binary string.
Conditional markdown rendering.
Extract a constant from a scalar or sharedvariable.
Remove a post - hook.
View a container of a storage account.
Returns a tuple of a status_running and a list of URLs.
Render a price property.
Test for make_sphere_model.
Get a cache entry for the specified volume.
Get a security group.
Render auth_name.
Create test cache folder if it does not exist.
Uninstall locker on the specified nodes.
Decorator to add sync methods to a class.
Color in equal space.
Return whether or not we re running in a virtualenv.
Renders the power of num_ children.
Scans the output folder for Nikola files and returns only output and input files.
Get the full path to a profile.
Returns a generator that yields the URLs of all available internet addresses.
Restart a service.
Convert a list of indices to a CSV string.
Delete a file.
Return a human readable string representation of num_bytes.
Try to refresh the database from the local system.
Safe update_last_login.
Return the prefix of the pattern after the last num_ characters.
Negative test for build_no_srcdir.
Provide seek functionality for commands.
Returns a base64 encoded profile string.
Pretty print a list of strings.
Create a xmltestrunner object for the given test.
Encode numpy objects as JSON.
Counts the number of elements in n from w2.
Wrapper around processutils. execute that handles the root helper.
Start threaded reactor.
Generate a serial number.
Create an instance and push it to the stack.
Suppress warnings for superusers.
Resolves all the dependencies of the given targets.
Recursively gets a style value for the specified key.
Generate random usernames.
Compute the linear regression angle of count events over the specified timeperiod.
Clears the specified volume.
Test that a new integer is an integer.
Get the platform string for the current platform.
Updates the conn_info dictionary with the connector and lookup_service.
Test for arg_of_sigmoid.
Generate a TOTP code.
Encode a value as JSON.
Exponential norm of a.
Unpack a source string into a Python object.
Return True if line ends with a CR or LF.
List services.
Check if the given address is a valid CIDR address.
Reads a pickle file and returns its contents.
Returns the name of the submodule of fullname.
Destroy a block device mapping.
Get the perfdata for a given counter.
List all the certificates in the specified certificatestore.
Initialize failure code.
Get auth url from config
Attempts to ask the user for the given string.
Split addr into localpart and domain.
Convert a value to a native Python value.
Get user by username.
Upload the previous version to the remote server.
True if x is divisible by num_.
Format the jid instance for the given job.
Get all arounds of the given radius around the given path.
Compute the Lrap score.
Get the version of moto.
Create the long description and write it to the RST file.
Handles a file upload.
Inject fieldoverrides into each block.
Check for misordered fields in entries.
Get all reservations for a project.
Yield test targets for all files in the directory specified by path.
Return a string representation of the given text.
Get minus sign symbol for locale.
Compare the current configuration with the same one.
Represents a PUT request.
Template tag that renders the form field if inline editing is enabled.
Returns a pretty name for the given name.
AES keyexpansion.
Checks if the given line looks like a multiline string.
Unpack the ASF Image structure from the byte string data.
Create a nzb string from a list of file elements and a namespace xmlns.
Set signal handlers from a dictionary.
Put multiple entities.
Records a breadcrumb for all active contexts.
Generate a URL for the plotly HTML.
Returns the age of the log buffer.
Writes the XML content to a file only if it has changed.
Renders the constants for the C ++ code.
Recursively create a directory and its parents.
Get a list of media tracks.
Get a string value from an element node.
Return the IP address of the interface.
Split a LaTeX string into a list of strings.
Save the current session
Safely import a module.
Get the systemd journal object
Rename oldname to newname creating a temporary file if necessary.
Check if the cache entry is in a grace period.
Fixup enum names in an object.
Recursively apply a function to each element of the expression and return the result.
Load command class.
Post a message to the mattermost api.
Convert a color to a Qt QColor object.
Print all categories or all sub - categories of a given parent category.
Get the version of a dataset.
Return a default value for a return type.
Escape a byte string.
Get the f - option from a list of opts.
Authenticate using WNS.
Run headerchecker.
Check if two transformation matrices are the same.
Test read_tab.
This tests for the Django scenarios that are to be run.
Validates that the arguments are tty pipe or tty.
Create a default signal map.
Return a slice of the time range from tmin to tmax
Get the best match for a given CPV.
Return the event manager associated with a media list.
Return an itemgetter function for a tuple of items.
Get local and observed RVs and SRVs.
Convert time to datetime.
Return a list of installed plugins for a given package.
Given a list of arrays return a set of dtype kinds.
Send a command to a console and wait for the response.
Update translations for commands and options.
Add a configuration to MSVS.
Computes the means for each class in x and y.
Check if user has permission to trigger given request.
Return boolean_ and error message if bto is missing.
Release the lock.
Create an IKEPolicy.
test arguments.
Print one training vector.
Interpret EMR step syslogs.
Reload Django url configuration.
Run a shell command for a job.
Get all indexes for the given table from the database.
Create a new language site.
Return a list of MAC addresses associated with a domain
Set the CI map to nipy spectral.
Given a mime - type and a list of parsed media - ranges return the fitness and quality of
Creates a client for working with cloud networks.
Finds the prototypes of the functions in the code
Get metrics from the server_status_url
Print the traceback of the last exception.
Compute the time - correlation between two time series.
Check if the method definition is out of line.
Generate multivariate normal noise.
Formats a dictionary of stack outputs.
Convert cell to row and column.
Test multiple inheritance of windows forms and controls.
Write pos to the first N lines of a file.
Get the latest records for a resource.
Get the flavor to use for the deployment.
Return whether or not the module is virtual.
Determine the best identified by a series.
Return the comment form target.
Shared login for both login and logout.
Factory for creating an export action form.
Prepare the inverse operator information.
Python 3. 0 has a key.
Make a query from a sample filter.
Generate a random job prefix.
Expose about template.
Handler for course videos endpoint.
Returns a file object for the given filename.
Match a hostname to a certificate.
Render a sitemap.
Create a layer object from a viewer configuration.
Get proxies from environment variables.
Get the most recent incomplete item for a user.
Test formatter with float precision.
Start komodo - editor
Check if a directory exists in the given index.
Returns a tuple consisting of a boolean boolean and a string indicating whether or not the function is
Pause or unpause an animation.
Receive SMS messages.
Migrate facts from the old format to the new format
Remove the specified minor number from the specified device.
Returns the rrant logs for the given tree rooted at root_node.
Open a file for reading.
Test if the class has any of the given labels.
Fix the indentation of a string.
Render a genshi template string using the given context.
Get cluster from command line options.
A dictionary of SQLAlchemy exceptions to be raised when creating a new contract.
Ensures that the specified option is present.
Create a variable with weight decay.
Gradient of sum.
Run tests in the main object.
Delete a comment.
Normalize paths.
Check that the _normalize function works.
Returns the md5sum of a file or None if it doesn t exist.
Check if the string s contains only printable characters.
Check if user and group match.
Add social link if not present.
Revert a document.
Wait for a WinRM connection.
Updates the given Stimulus object with the given text.
Check if dynamic flow information is available.
Open a web page at the specified path.
API for removing items from queue.
Create a context dictionary from sample data.
Renders the navigation bar hooks.
Check if the given domain is valid.
Get the cli body from the SSH response.
Delete a contact type.
Get missing permissions for a user from a list of permissions.
Sends an email using a template.
List all available MAC addresses.
Find the currently selected node in a list of nodes.
Shortcut for withattribute that adds a class attribute with the given namespace.
Freeze login details like musicmanager mobileclient musicmanager etc.
Implementation of the Edmonds - Karp algorithm.
Check if the request contains a JSON response.
Test the types of the DAOPhot table.
Set the element node to the given start and end coordinates.
Sends an email using multiple alternative approaches.
Remove duplicates from a list preserving the order.
Get the current date time.
Read the page header from a file - like object.
Parse a requirements file.
Compute the WCS for the given key and challenge.
Calculate the total normal vector given a path.
Normalizes the given timestamp.
Get all volume types in a group.
Writes the index for the specified group.
Set the cache directory.
Check that a path is a file.
Submit a bulk course email task.
Normalize angle.
Get size from backend.
Tries to write s to fileobj using fallbacks.
Queue a rating for the user.
Reloads the named syslog_ng module.
Test that register_filter works.
Convert a reverse domain name into an IP address.
Create a Sparse one - like version of x.
Returns the line number and the string of the vi header if any.
Dedent a list of lines.
Generate a random string from a list of chars.
Breaks a cookie down into its name and text.
Get the indentation of the given line.
Computes count Volume Volume Variation of two datasets.
Expand a load - balancer object into a dictionary.
Check integrity of the sqlmap file.
Strips the quotation from the newsgroup section of the text.
Convert a tuple of RGB values to HSV values.
Retrieves the version information from the RTL kernel.
Convert a string to a numpy array.
Sample rois for each label in the roidb.
Create a data container from a HTTP headers and post data.
Make a name from package and module.
Makes sure that the named logical volume is absent in the named volume group.
Checkout and cancel form.
Startkeeping errors.
Read records from a file handle.
Check if the version is Python 2. 7 or earlier.
Calculate the MD5 hash of a file.
Checks if the given entry is a valid hidden service address.
Return a twitternotificationservice object.
Runs a series of script usage tests.
Get ami instance metadata.
Return the referer header or raise a cherrypy. httperror
GetcraftedText from a text file.
Disables the named service.
\ Returns the stroke radius at the start of the element \ s strokes.
SYSTEM INFORMATION TYPE 8 Section 9. 1. 43
Suggest a semantic version for the given string.
Get a list of all the parameters for a list of layers.
Compare two packages in reverse order.
Create a new Agent.
Return the newest n items from an iterable.
Recursively split a path into a list of paths.
Test the correctness of randomize_corrmat.
Check if the given attribute name is a reserved word.
Save a certificate to the master
Squeeze a 2x2 input.
Read the end - of - archive64 archive data from the file - like object fpin at
Create a toplevel widget for the given master.
Save all global repository dialogs
Create a shell command.
Check if all the files in a file are present. If not print the file name and return
Round a number to the nearest integer value.
Wait for all prior states to finish running.
Wrapper for viewmode and get.
Get the absolute path to the h - config file.
Add a like object to the database.
Includes an inclusion tag that combines args and kwargs.
Load a single cronfile.
Copy ssl options from src to dest.
Send an update request.
Deploy API 1. 0.
Test if a ground condition is met.
List all Launch Configurations in the bound account.
Display the current zone.
Takes a form and a list of attributes to normalize and returns a dict with the cleaned data
Check if the given field is complementary.
Match mkfs option.
Return the top contributors wiki page.
Returns the identifier method for the given key.
Returns a new mutable sequence with a random DNA.
Get the path to the profiler log file.
Upload a file to S3.
Return whether or not we re running in a virtualenv.
Returns the antidivisor count of a number.
Exchange code for an access_token and a refresh_token.
Makes a uniform PMF discrete distribution.
Update DNS records for ELBs in a given stack.
Convert a gettext rule to a gettext string.
The Home Assistant setup module.
Build a cyclic network.
Returns the number of metastrings in s.
Runs the localectl command and returns whether the output was successful.
Return a list of pg clusters.
Returns the full path to the file for the given job.
Set the pipe to be non - blocking.
Create fast start scripts for the current Python interpreter.
Listen for changes from a description.
Convert a datetime object to UTC.
Wait for quorum of nodes to be ready for replication.
Try to decode a byte string into a str.
Set object in memcached.
Remove leading and trailing whitespace from a string.
Return the base class for the signup form.
Select the routes to use based on the environment and parameters.
Restart the named vm.
Get the base path from a base path.
Append a host and pool to a host string.
Create a taskflow for the specified action.
Parse a string and return a Jinja2 template.
Check if the console is attached and visible.
Get the default namespace.
Send a Magic Packet to wake up a list of Minions
Return the lowstate data from the master
Get the node with the given nodeid from the given node.
Create a new user.
Check if there are any conflicts in the index.
Validates that the given string is a valid attribute of the label.
Return the name of the minion that promoted the named minion.
Inverse of the inverse of idzr_aid.
Return True if the element is bound False otherwise.
Render a template to an HTTP response.
Bump cache for a Product instance.
Create a mock key provider with the given list of public keys.
Map library dataset associations to LDDA objects.
Return the systemd version
Copy lines from a file to the journal.
Runs the test suite.
Write a warning message with the given header_name.
Calculate the grouped median of the num most recent values. Requires a list.
Create a raster from a file.
Get a fixed IP by network uuid and host.
Parse an XML property list from a string or file - like object.
Setup canned roles and methods for the given class.
Decode base64 string to bytes.
KPSS estimate of the Sigma estimation given the nobs and lags
Consume a queue.
Return the number of items in an iterable.
Read header information from file.
Create a versioned base object.
Return the version string.
Test stratified validation k - fold.
Saves the uploaded file to disk.
Get the most recent messages for the thread with the given ID.
Returns the mapper function for the given entity or None if there is no mapper function for the given
Convert file size to a human readable string.
Get clipboard content.
Sort a list of allowed protocols by protocol.
Returns the name of the current resource.
Create subtasks for the given task.
Checks if the given flag is in the list of approved keywords.
Assert that the StudioView does not render the given HTML.
Parse a timestamp value into a datetime object.
Convert text into a dictionary.
Return the contents of a blob
Parse a quoted string.
Handles the item_deleted signal.
Destroy a device.
Get the domain of the connected computer.
Applies softmax to the input matrix.
Delete the named service from the system.
Calculate the sentiment of a text.
Return the status of the MySQL server.
Varianceal multivariate moving average.
Sample memory and return rss object.
Apply func with a random selection of num_cases cases.
Get the hashprocessor for the given kexalgorithm.
Get the default feedback url.
Match ellipsis in two strings.
Get the URL for a local resource.
Generate html report from results directory.
Remove a bridge from the system
Format a wwn string to a given number of characters.
Convert binary data to a string.
Writes contents to a file.
Compute the trace of x.
Find the file metadata for the specified path.
Returns pyzmq version info.
Remove non - ascii strings from headers.
Check if the return type matches the return type.
raise a cherrypy redirect exception
Clean up a name by replacing str_ with str_
Build pillar data from command line options.
Print a tensor.
Find an unused port.
Get the content of a file in the active window or in all windows.
define_plugin_entry for each group in groups and return a list of define_plugin_
Class decorator for the fczm driver.
Ensures that the security group has the default value.
Set file descriptor to non - blocking mode.
Check if the cache can be used for the given products.
Clear and update the rcparams dictionary with default values.
Correctness test for probabilistic max pooling.
Get the reverse evaluation of the given xmlelement.
Decorator for method that sets the _api attribute of the method to a string_.
Returns the cluster position controller.
Escape a unicode string for use in a URL.
Test the focus on a completion item with a model that doesn t have a model.
Main entry point for the script.
Decode signature_data and return signature.
Return the system path for a given device.
Start an API server.
Create an environment variable key.
Returns True if content experiments are enabled for this course.
Wait for IO events to arrive on the socket.
Update a file alias.
Write MNE named matrix.
Unary expression.
Initialize the command line interface.
Convert a string value to an integer.
Main entry point for the application.
Returns a UsageKey object with the run filled in.
Return the texlive path variable.
Emitted when a key is missing in the context.
Delete a location.
Enable a server
Parse a template file.
Find the set of required characters in the block.
Handle reply published events.
Download the specified version from the specified URL and save it to the specified location.
Configure the location contact community and chassis.
Context manager to temporarily change the working directory of a file.
Get the rights associated with an activity.
Looks at a call expression or a function call.
Adds a sphere to the current mesh.
Context manager that sets the current user on the context.
Convert from minolta to float.
A context manager that copies a value from another context.
Try to import str_ as plugin.
Return a dict of the latest version of the package.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the given IP address is a valid IP address.
Return True if the database is primed.
Lists all extensions that are not blacklisted.
Return the ID type for the given type.
Get the current node number from the system.
Check if the value is an extension type.
Check that the module scope is updated on the patch.
Test half - closed cluster centroids fit_sample.
Second step of mytake algorithm.
Parse value into a number and a string.
Returns a form for the given list of fields.
Run the OSF test suite.
Get a credential by its name.
Collects the commands to be inserted and updated and emits them to the uowtransaction.
Set the hostname of the machine.
Calculate the meta class based on the bases.
Print the contents of a file.
Reopen log files when SIGUSR1 is received.
Make a request to the given url with a jsonrpc method
Require the given context to be authorized.
Convert array to float 0. 0.
Recursively normalize the arguments of the given sequence.
Test instancehardnessthreshold with sample data.
Wrap the given socket with SSL.
Check if youtube is available.
If skipna is a boolean_ then check to see if the skipna parameter is either a
Compiles the specified directory.
Return a list of duplicate values from a dict.
Reconfigure a Jenkins job.
Compute theano norms of a vector w.
Remove a key from memcache.
Terminate the cli when exiting a scenario.
Convert a hex string to a base32 string.
Returns the message to submit if the rating was modified or the app was not rated.
Remove special characters from a string.
Get incoming rate from stock queue.
Send the next event publish mail.
Initialize global variables before the new template is rendered.
Change the directory of the torrent.
Return a list of simplified pairs of terms.
Add a discussion to the page.
Read motif file.
Inference network.
Compute the times of each of the tricomplex times of the other tricomplex.
Test that get_filter works.
Test twoline writing without bookend.
Return the admin URL for the given comment action.
Convert kwargs to nodes.
View the user s watchlist.
Monkey - patch celery. worker. optimizations.
Encode a KAFKA payload using the old - format LZ4 algorithm.
Read pillar data from url
Create a new virtualenv.
Returns a ConfigParser instance with the configuration from the. ini file.
Export aria2 configuration
Get a format by type and language.
Authenticates the user with a digest authentication.
Check to see if a hook file is a valid hook.
Add one or more labels to a host.
Describe change.
Print the string s to stdout.
Run a command as if it were behaved.
Return the identity of x.
Modified from scipy. stats. zstat. generic2
Get the current EGL error code.
Log an error message.
View all the members of a group.
Get a list of available license options.
True if running in debug mode.
Returns the document form s initial values.
Return a list of the currently running jobs.
Flip the loop points and return the loop.
Sort a list of markers based on a list of matches.
Get all group policies.
Count the number of elements in a sequence.
Create a VM boot spec.
Ensures that the given path is relative.
Test that a step cannot start with a multiline line.
Open a window for the given file object.
Call remotely from a perspective.
Create ssh subelement.
Toggles the projection of a given string.
Generate a signed JWT.
Shortcut for _mismatch with optional description.
Return the weights for a normal interval.
Get the name of the localzone.
Set the value of multiple booleans.
Suggest a search term.
A decorator that can be used to expose the API directly for anonymous users.
Check if the line is a valid oslo i18n file.
Searches for controls that match a regular expression and sets their values.
Return the list of enabled service owners
Delete all metadef property content for the given namespace.
Convert string to slug.
Test that theano join function can be used in place.
Create a WSGI resource.
Check if the given value is safe for the given key.
Runs refreshrepo on the specified module.
Set the current audio channel.
Returns the number of cores and resources consumed from the specified cluster.
Returns a string with the methods and attributes of an object formatted for human consumption.
Fetch a value from the cache.
Return a list of pages to show.
Check all tables in the db.
Download an installed version of setuptools.
Checks if the given MAC address is valid.
Return a dictionary of recommendations for the given list of folders.
Cut a sequence by how_much characters.
Recover all the workers in a specific load balancer
Guaranteed lshift.
Compute the Negative Positive Negative Positive Negative Positive Negative Positive
Selectfrommodel without changing the estimator.
S3 Trunk 8.
Test the union of a payload and a specific value.
View for the account password page.
True if any element of the sequence is true.
Check that vispy modules are loaded correctly.
Returns a generic inlineformset for the given model.
Convert a byte string to a long integer.
Sends emails for all subscriptions subscribed to a new string.
Return a page message for the current page.
Generate anchors from ratios and scales.
Dispatches the given method to the given client.
Get pytest environment.
Update the course enrollment for a user.
Install one or more packages.
Run the task.
Test virtualenv version.
Processes the bc_freqs and returns a sorted list of tuples.
Subscribe a user to a creator.
Check if there are any duplicate REST methods in S3.
Return a dictionary mapping channel names to their respective channel indices.
Build a forest.
Check if a service is a sysv service.
Shutdown the application.
Get the name of the currency
Check if xblock is a unit xblock.
Serialize a remote exception as JSON.
Make a 400 Bad Request response.
Sends an email inviting the user to register their account.
Check to see if a user exists.
Return a copy of the dictionary with the docstring set to the current time.
Initialize the module.
Get the lower and upper bounds of a slice.
Get infos based on HTTP client authorization.
Create an exog array from a set of arrays.
Convert a MySQL password to an old - style password.
Uninstall the cache.
This test reads a file and compares the contents of the file with the contents of the file.
Add short links to documents.
Convert an integer to a base36 string.
Build a list of dictionaries representing the campaign criterion operations.
Return a list of valid locales.
Test the interpolation of a model with fixed - length solution.
Recursively creates folder structure.
Check if any of the callbacks match.
Create a new collection in the database.
Return shuffled list of API servers.
Main entry point for fix_code.
Given a user and project checks whether the user can view the reports.
Return an object as a list.
Returns a case - sensitive collator.
Find an adapter for the given object.
Recursively extract all the key - value pairs from a nested dictionary.
Deletes the specified file.
Raises an assertionerror if a! = b.
Quantiles a list of numbers.
Rate limit control command.
Encode an input file to an output file.
Compute the inverse square root of a sequence.
Makes datetime. datetime aware.
Disable profiling for the given service.
S3 authorstamp.
Safely decode a string.
Return the program name.
Given a list of ids and a mapping of options present in the options return a string representation of
Create a multiindicator array.
Returns a dictionary of title - > list of tuples.
Decorator for views that checks that the user has the specified permission.
Pre - execute event handler.
Translate a vector.
Create a tenant
Context manager that collects profile information.
Show a baremetal node.
Convert a Python object to a Python reference.
Massage stats.
Decode a JSON string to a bytes object.
List of directories to ignore.
Return a list of disabled services.
Calculates the HMAC for a given request.
Reads images from disk.
Remove all packages in pkg_list.
Decode a FVWI encoded integer.
Set the bitstrings ind1 and ind2 to the same value ind1
Check if user and password match.
Get a security group.
Test preprocessor expression.
Get a list of works by the given iswc.
Read a little - endian unsigned long given a file object.
Runs a script from the specified working directory.
Compress data.
Resolve the value of a style property.
Invert a binary tree.
Returns the wrapped float value.
Wait for a file write to the hub.
List Kstone users
Return the name of the signal associated with signum.
Getcrafted text from text.
Add status information to the import data.
Calculate the new position of a point on the surface of an ellipse.
Return the dict of ext_comm_subtypes_classes for the given type_high
Test the lex module to see if it uses mangling bangs.
Create the global context to be used in the template.
Blink a clip.
Send and receive packets at layer 3
Context manager for except statements.
Returns the name of the cover page for the given container.
Interpret the marker and return the result.
Get details about a cache subnet group.
Parse a docstring into a dict.
Main function for the script.
Test the functionality of monitor. getgamma and monitor. setgammagrid.
Check the gl result.
Generate filesystems and per - location globs for a given set of datetimes.
When a tell is received tell the user.
Root mean square error.
Return a Flask response with the current Python version.
Remove the boot volume from the server.
Returns TLIDs and positions that have changed since version.
Locate a text in the Google map.
Get the networkid for the vm
Yields all integration targets found in the current working directory.
Returns the binary representation of a number.
Load the bot dev key.
Assert that x follows unicode guidelines defined by roundtrip.
Yield successive n - sized slices of the list.
Return True if the given line looks like a line that matches pat.
Resize a video.
Convert phone number to numeric.
Returns a list of prime numbers of length n.
Given a list of field names return a dictionary of duplicate field names and a list of indices of
interface_type must be str_ or str_
Changes the current working directory to the application folder.
Returns a unique anonymous user id for the given user and course_id.
Verify that all modules in the Sphinx inventory exist in the Sphinx project.
Checks if the given callback is an instance of the APIView class.
no_style decorator.
Check if a sheet exists.
Create a record constant from a Python value.
Return a list of all users.
Load the calendars from a file.
CONNECTNETTOMS Section 9. 2. 3
Reconstruct the path in the initial state.
Refresh the facts dict
Return information about the named group.
Returns a list of rows from a DT table.
rus fit_sample with indices.
Edit folder page.
Ensure that the named service is absent.
Person search.
Download appstats data.
pynet_rtr1 example.
Abort with error message.
Remove a user from a group.
Get a list of test names.
Change a user s subscription property in JSON format.
Check if the group has a group snapshot filter.
ETree. to_etree lxml.
Create a new RDD from an array.
Convert bytes to a human readable string.
Open a URL using the local file system.
Return True if obj is None False otherwise.
Check if astropy year is None.
Check if a user exists on the LDAP server.
Euclidean distance between two vectors.
List of expressions
Compares the objects in list_ with the objects in manager.
Resolve a name to an IP address.
Wrapper for talib. medprice.
Log an error message.
Logistic function.
Generate a faux mime message.
Delete a member from a pool
Test for dump_stop_level.
Convert a string or module to a module.
Hydrator for sources.
Adds the request suffix to the given string.
Makes a CDF from a PMF object.
Remove slashes from string.
Return the lambda sum of the largest element of x.
Returns the contents of the file at the specified path.
Context manager to temporarily change URL patterns in the django. conf. settings.
Enable or disable syslog for server.
Auto delete files when object is deleted.
Shortcut for the campaign API.
Create a devicerecord from a record - like object.
Return a dict of items with sr_id as keys and their subreddit objects as values.
Return the eventmanager associated with a media service discover object.
Listen to course_published signal.
Schedule an iterator that yields each line of a multi - line iterable.
Return a list of password changes
Load a tag library.
Add ip extra.
Extract the description from the docstring of an object.
Store friends for a user.
Create an empty cupy array of the same shape and type as the input array.
Require a resource to be enabled.
Install packages and test that they can be installed as an egg.
Send a command to the minions
Create a multipart request.
Given a bad IGW describe its status and request ID.
Return the magnitude of x.
Leave transaction management for the current thread.
Joins a list of tensors along the given axis.
Return the p - norm of x.
Read boolean data from a file - like object.
Escape a string for use in a URL.
Compute the log - lux.
Provide a callback for a specific resource type.
Check if a user has permission for some organization.
Parser for qualifier list
Create a nested dictionary from a path.
Update fbthrift library config
Reads a montage of locations and compares them to the expected positions.
Save state to pickle file.
Get all volumes in a generic group.
Find the unit pattern for a given unit id.
Copy in_files to out_files.
Expand type string into a list of types.
Try to find pylintrc.
Define a role for a given entity.
APPLICATION INFORMATION Section 9. 1. 43
Return whether or not the module is virtual.
Test reconstruction with equal mask.
Register a device public key server auto.
Mask sensitive data.
Query the REST API.
Run a Spyder command.
Get filepaths from a directory
Convert upper to lower.
Generate a TOTP password.
Writes data to a pickled file.
Invalidate the hash invalidations file for the given suffix_dir.
Adds a representer to the dumper.
DEPRECATED use patch_object instead.
Decorator for transactional tasklets.
Main entry point for pip.
Create an application stack.
Redirect to the domain page.
Connect to machinelearning layer1.
Set the colormap to HSV.
Return a dictionary of all site configurations for the specified application.
Yield headers from the given WSGI environment.
Process the call queue and put the result on the result queue.
Convert an etree element to a topic object.
Syncs the current context with plnt.
Add an error and log it.
Checks if the given item is in the course tree.
Checks that the fscale argument is a valid string.
Recursively iterate the bindings of the first term and the second term.
Return HTML for a directory.
Get a codec for the given encoding.
Show the main window.
Add positives to the list of positives
Copy extra files from the config to the outdir.
Get the XenAPI server url.
reset all profiles to their default values
Escape a header for use in an RFC822 message.
Check if given address is a valid IPv6 address.
Set the clim of the GCI image.
Recursively get all related models of the given model.
Create verifier for ECC.
Formats the given date to the global format.
Load a Python module.
Show staff for the org site.
Send a signal to a process safely.
Get the latest code for a user or sid.
Switches hosts based on a request parameter.
Updates the root organisation for an organisation.
List the nodes on the cloud provider.
Initialize settings.
Remove all files in the scratch area.
Simplify a Pauli operator.
Return the number of keys in the specified database
Remove an ASAM platform from a server
Encode missing values in a TSData object.
Parse the iscsiname line.
Return a list of root nodes of the tree rooted at r.
Returns the class instance of the meth_class of obj.
Deletes the named vm
Check if the error is an SSL error.
gpu filteracts optimizer
Redirect to the root page of the site.
Say hello.
Returns a string summarizing the differences between two models.
Main entry point for distutils.
Internal method to list a directory.
Return the cached values for the user_timezone_locale_prefs cache.
Linear gradient between start and end.
Find the boundaries of x.
Install a new language for the superuser
Return the name of the virtual environment.
Find the projection of the idzp projection of a vector.
Bootstrap form tag.
Add sources to result.
Get session ID from JSON RPC
Check if the user is a pre - registration admin.
Generate reference and object info packs and put them in the repository
Initialize gashelimodule.
Entry point for the script.
Get all volumes in a group.
Freeze the named container state.
Mark the given value for escaping.
Test misc. py
Get the console output of a server.
Generate a qual_histogram of qual_fp.
Generate a random UUID
List all items in a queue.
Display a list of resources.
Generate a signed JWT.
Get the full path to the configuration file for the given atom.
The mstep of the covariance M step.
Destroy a consistencygroup.
Decrypts the keyfile.
Splits the source file into code and text blocks.
Find all the actions in the namespace that start with action_prefix.
Returns the first num_ characters of value or str_ if there is an error.
Get a free SMS notification service.
Move old_file_name to new_file_name in a safe way.
Colorline plot.
Given a screen coordinate and a width in millimeters return the index of the corresponding rank within
Remove the config file if it exists.
Blend two channels using the hard light.
Process the mtree.
Get the current display timezone.
Convert volume status to ec2 attach status.
Load extra data from userSocialAuth backend.
Choose a mailbox from a list of mailboxes.
Attempts to set the variable var by parsing the CLI arguments.
Extract the CIFAR - 10 dataset.
Onesidedselection with wrong object.
Create a new figure manager given a figure.
Returns a URL for the given path.
Sets up the app registry.
Set method name in method signature.
Returns a response with a mass action form for all the leads.
Given a model class return a queryset.
Apply softmax to matrix.
Temporarily replace str_ with str_.
Return a linear segmented colormap.
Run a xenstore command.
Change the ls field of volume and file entries in the table
Check if the lun_id is available on the host.
Get all the jobs in the database.
Return the value for the specified config key.
Calculate the Fletcher - 16 checksum.
Merge a list of dictionaries into a single dictionary.
Exports a course to a tar file.
Returns the alphabet shard of the word if it is composed of only alphanumeric characters.
Extract line capabilities from text.
Permutes rows of an array.
Return a copy of x without the identity filter.
Get a list of change IDs for the given user and site.
Get the stacklevel of imports.
Delete all the alarms in the current deployment.
Set the DNSMasq facts if not already set.
Create a loopback AMP client.
Check if there is a nibabel library installed.
Given an interpolation offset and a portion direction return a list of normalized normal vectors.
Notify user of removed list member
Called when a course is published.
View a screenshot.
Format attachments to be JSON serializable.
Check that the code is a valid CPASTE code.
Template tag that renders a page based on the request.
Return True if value is an inf number.
Return a string representation of the Python version.
Find the position of the vowel in a string. Return the position of the vowel or
Convert input into a theano expression.
Solve a sine - subtraction problem with spectral energy.
People page.
Render an alert button.
Returns True if the response provides CSP features False otherwise.
A function that returns a tuple of two elements one of which is None and one of which is
Test that add_source_space_distances and add_source_space_distances
Get the executable name for the flowgramali program.
Returns the hostname of the local host.
Encrypts and re - encrypts the ciphertext using the specified key.
Check that the pick_ori is valid.
Runs a command and grabs the docstring.
Loads the expanded training data using the double - fc format.
Runs the unit test for the else module.
Get the job functions for the metrics.
Collects all local and global bear files from a list of sections.
Returns the length of the QUopri header.
Generate a response cell name from a routing path.
Remove users from an ACL group.
Test for relu activations.
Returns the distance trace for a given gj and p_i.
Create a new global variable for a builder or module.
Calculate the equation and return the result.
Get memory usage.
Populate the context with the given addon and tags.
Test for correctness of the radian base
Get the pre - amplification value of an equalizer.
Delete a metadata key for a snapshot.
Remove tags from a trail.
Parse the user command line.
Entry point for the script.
Get or create a badge given a badge_template dict.
Log an attribute of an object.
Scrapes HTML and strips carriage return and comment blocks.
Convert a fixture dictionary to a list of tuples with title and content.
Set the current user for the thread.
Output a formatted string with indentation.
test html table format
Return whether or not the given subreddit is visible.
Run the main WSGI application.
View function that handles the forgot password form.
Checks if the given file exists.
Inverse expiry date as string.
import pylab user namespace
Return a list of all suffixes.
Try to get a string from the device.
Generate a new id based on the settings.
Validate a bucket name.
Return value marked with markup.
Run the changed command in RabbitMQ.
Detect lines in a diff string.
Writes a debug message to a file.
Get vendor name from PCI ID.
Test that we can plot the montage.
Return the absolute path to a resource file.
Return shuffled copy of iterable.
Browse to other branch
Shorten a name to max_length.
Return the Ritz - Rabin group of the specified length.
Adds additional filters to the cpplint state.
Get the current user.
Runs pip and then tests that the site_packages_path directory exists.
Create a mock for the os module.
Stops the daemon process.
Execute evaluator with the given arguments.
Get access token from OAuth provider.
Manages the specified servers on the minion.
Temporarily change a field of an object.
Return a dict of default threadable predictors.
Check if term is too long and call the callback.
Toggles the labels of the axes.
Update the course updates for the specified location.
Remove all dead links in a directory.
Update the dict d with the contents of other raising an exception if the keys already exist.
Return a tuple of a boolean and a string describing whether or not the module is virtual.
Is hash h currently used?
Return the version information of GDAL.
Returns a synonym for the given text.
Waits for an element to be located within the DOM.
Test for nearmiss with wrong nearest neighbors.
Mock OC commands.
Attaches total points to a queryset.
Return the index of the token in the source that starts at the given position.
Return a list of group IDs for the specified user.
Check if the given token is valid.
Dispatches a function to the OS kernel.
Return a list of existing dhcp networks for the given conf.
Return the package version for the specified package.
Return the value for the given option.
Map a function over a sequence of arrays.
Apply a function synchronously.
Parses a file and yields tree objects
Compare two SCC strings.
Return an iterator over the keys of a dict d.
Delete a console.
Get the absolute path to the deployment config file.
Block cut op.
Validates that the value is one of the allowed values.
Context manager that changes the working directory and restores the previous working directory after the contextmanager exit
Distributes a dictionary into a naming function.
Cleans the given URL.
Encode a list to a binary string.
List refs to a remote object.
Test proxy. conf. whitelist.
Returns the master status of the cluster.
Fix all oeb_docs mimetypes in container.
Returns the module object with the specified directory path and the specified filename.
Run a p4 system command.
A test for GMail missing sent messages.
Create a new LB
Check if the given URL is from the given spider.
Unescape a string.
Assert that should_skip == check for source_string target_string.
Saves a password in the keyring for the specified credential id.
Get a repository by name and owner.
Return the index of the decimal representation of a given degree and order.
Return data for a given jid.
Returns True if the format is a memoryview format.
Duplicate the gcd of a polynomial in a generalized form.
Read a cache from a file - like object.
Encodes a message into a wire format.
Return the default number of test processes.
Inspect an object.
Parses an ID from a string.
Load county data from a json file and merge it with county data.
Variation of fv that supports multiple subforms.
Return a copy of kwargs with no modifications.
Assert that the specified number of arping packets are available for the specified destination IP address.
Return a list of all VMs on the provider.
Time the OpenPyxl file with optimized writing.
Split text into data and labels.
Create a translation project if it doesn t exist.
Get the DNS hosts associated with a network.
Include debug information for internal IPs.
Get random objects.
Get the context of a line in a template.
Run initdb command with no projects.
Replay gain command.
Solve the equation system of f for symbol using the radial solveset solver.
Create a GPG object
Verify that the uninstall script is not installed.
GetcraftedText from text.
Sort the schedules.
Returns the current code name.
Returns the accessible attribute for the given dictionary object or None if the attribute is not accessible.
Return True if the word is a short version of a vowel syllable.
Read a set of values from a registry key.
Generate authentication response.
Return a reference to the current selection model.
Create a Junit XML string for a test failure.
Apply translation or back transcribe depending on transform_var.
Takes a dictionary of error messages and returns a list of formatted error messages.
Create dest_directory if it doesn t exist.
Returns a list of plugins that can be updated or none if there are no updates available.
Get programs data.
Convert an integer to a packed bytearray.
Returns the process name for a given process ID.
Acquire the lock.
Convert an object name to a class name.
Get a client for the identity API version.
Logarithm of softplus function.
Mix a song or playlist.
Check that the given path is a valid webroot.
Convert a binary file descriptor type to the corresponding bufsize.
Check the authentication of a minion
Compute the neweywest covariance matrix.
Check that the process with the given pid exists.
Check if the current process is the main process.
Check if the given attribute name is protected.
Load training data from HRM training event on validation error.
Get the perimeter width of an element.
Process a single image file.
Update Google Analytics.
Convert unicode to str.
Publish liveaction and execution to the audit log.
Restore a device from a previous state.
Add a media to a media list.
Extract the major minor attributes from the MIME header.
Get a list of collection summaries matching the given collection ids.
Create an internet gateway.
Get command from state.
Test flush with no primary key.
Return the path to the ipython package directory.
ARRANGE Dashboard Widgets
Compress the last token in tokens and merge it with tok. If the last token is not
Get the path to the navigator audit log dir.
Writes the output to a file in SVG format.
Evaluate a function f over a given polynomial a and p.
Set the color code breakpoints on a file descriptor.
Register pythoncomserver category.
Parameter list type 2.
Returns a list of the description extensions for the given gcodetext.
Return the line and offset of the next line that is located at the cursor position.
Return the load for a given job id.
Record the HTTP status code for the current request.
Return a simplewiki instance.
Capitalize the given string.
Run flake.
Remove specified packages from the system.
Validates a POST request signature.
Return the path to the configuration directory.
Distance between s1 and s2.
Return a URL with scheme host port user password path query sanitize = bool_.
Raises an exception if the email address is invalid.
Validate the given customization args and values against the given ca_specs to validate against.
Get AWS credentials.
Check that the line is not called twice with the same string.
Shortcut for str_ rule format
Return the preferred IP address for a list of IPs.
Get the output of a command.
Capture stdin stdout and stderr from a logger.
Return syntax highlighted HTML.
Upgrade all packages in the specified environment.
Count the number of real roots of a complex number.
Get the results that are missing in the dest_dir.
Discover Yadis for a given URI.
Interpolate a series of points using a trigonometric interpolation.
Given a wordnet tag return the appropriate wordnet type.
Test that pformat returns the correct format for bytes in Python 3.
Linden - Schmidt random variates.
Render template_name with context and return a mock response.
Return python code for rendering the given node.
Get media player s title.
Writes an Excel spreadsheet to a database.
Group a list of version strings into a list of releases.
Spawn a coroutine.
Convert a CFSet to a python set.
Returns the authentication data for the given request.
Returns the key_func or the default_key_func.
Add a security group to an instance.
Unlocalize a value.
Get the bootstrap modules.
Return suggestions for the given path.
Returns a resource file for the given package and resource type.
Returns True if text is valid False otherwise.
Install a versioneer. py file from the current directory.
Evaluates the code at the given offset in the module pymodule.
Toggle querystring.
Get all groups for all containers in the inventory
Test cache enable private browsing.
Deletes the SSH key associated with the specified user.
Convert a string from S3 format to a string.
Ping listener.
Create a video capture object.
Convert bytes to signed int.
Resets the nolint suppressions.
Load a bitmap from a file.
Onesided selection test.
Test the showing of a completion.
Return articles dictionaries for a given language.
Entry point for the script.
Check if the decorated function accepts kwarg.
Return the default python shell to use.
Generate a model for the given root_class.
Create a new class based on the given name and filter.
Ensure that the course_id is valid.
Test locale_html.
Reload module from current working directory.
Test for zeroing of the cosmology.
Post a vim message.
Truncated normal variates.
Returns a list of random floats.
Generate a default mapping for a list of machines.
Parse a range header value.
Generate a tarball of the current directory.
Check if the named service is enabled.
Return a new skirtrepository instance.
API function to set priority of a queue.
Store results directory in tarball format.
Decode a UTF - 7 encoded string.
Setup the test database.
Create a documentlistaclentry object from a string.
Get the server id for the given identity.
Apply a fcontext policy to the system.
Returns the default context for the template tag.
Test for bugs in WCS2.
Test that date labels are correctly formatted.
Returns a dictionary of user messages.
Set the offset of a segment by a given multiplier.
Get sentiment label.
Create a WSGI server.
Given a list of columns return the title of the columns.
Decorate a function to create a dummy function.
Test if the config file exists
Return a list of all the files on the minion
Page of topics.
Clean a URL by removing non - alpha characters from the beginning and end of it.
Decodes a bit vector into a synapse and a number of bits.
Import a spreadsheet from a JSON file.
Create okassemblies of num bases.
Given a path return a list of horizontallybounded points.
Create a new task_info record.
Test json view error.
Returns a list of email addresses for all users in the group.
Fake execute with repliers.
Munge nose output for doctests.
Create a rectangle of given width and height.
Get the default paths for verifying SSL connections.
Returns the long description of the module.
Return the request URI for the given WSGI environment.
Sort a string.
Return a list of files in the organization code directory.
Generate a tree of nodes corresponding to the degree of a sequence of nodes.
Get a secret and print it to the io_loop.
Initialize the graph module for the given mpstate
Update a test block in the modulestore.
Returns the id or key of a list item.
Initializes an instance of the peyegaze library.
Create a formset for a model.
Specification for gridspec width ratios.
Returns the pseudobreadcrumbs for the given key.
Return a list of backup files in a bucket.
Get a single item from a list.
Save a figure to a file.
Search for a command in a list of paths.
Check if the given directory is a package directory.
Return a generator of all the modules in the system.
Create a transport class that chains transports together.
Mock the use of inline CSS.
Interpret a string as a number of minutes.
Get the summary from a commit.
Makes sure that the app running in the current thread is the same as the thread running in
Get the handle of a lock expression.
Return the delta between two lists of modules.
Get the model view matrix.
Unpack a ZIP file to extract_dir.
Returns the encryption headers for the specified key.
Get files in all_fastq that match all_mapping.
Get model by model identifier.
Generate an adjacency matrix for the given redirects and page links.
Return translation rotation and translation from head position.
Draws a bounding box using the given renderer.
Create a fake payment record.
Finish a coroutine.
Makes a call to GitHub to check authentication.
Add default variables and functions to the model.
Test that is_repo_url returns a boolean_.
Setup the platform.
Test that config file does not exist.
Validate the resource type attribute.
Layer construction function.
Removes a database from the Postgres server.
Exponential probability density function.
Return the last modification time of a file
Load the window sizes of the specified section.
Returns True if cleanup_list is empty False otherwise.
Shutdown plugin.
Prints message and exits with code num_.
Check if the value is modulo num_.
Get screen size in pixel.
Parse a sequence of hexadecimal escape sequences.
Apply a function to each item of an index.
Benchmark an estimator on a test data.
View for rendering CSRF token.
Split a bezier curve into two curves that intersect the given closed path.
Strip quotes from the beginning and end of a string.
Connect an action to a boolean signal.
Validates that the value is a valid domain.
Return the next multiple of n by k.
Get the user details from hist.
Reports the current state of the tracker.
Derivative of the observation function at word.
Connect to Cloudsearch2.
Get a tour of the network.
Prepare text for pre tag.
Sign a CSR with the default CA.
Return a list of all public names in the list l.
Returns x with all non - whitespace characters inserted.
Convert a list of hosts to a list of dicts.
Create a new category with the given slug.
Build command line arguments for the install command.
Search string for variations in value.
Returns a config spec for a network attach.
A hack to add the sympy directory to the sys. path.
Generate library options for the compiler.
Get the current cache object.
Convert a set of modifiers into a dictionary of booleans.
Download a file or a directory to a local path
Return virtual memory information.
Select all elements that do not match the given selector.
Suspend a virtual machine
Validate a password against a user identified by the user_id.
Returns True if the wildcards in name1 and name2 overlap.
Generate a version 1 UUID.
Convert a range string to a set.
Check to see if a usage plan is absent.
Initialize output_dir if it doesn t exist.
Check if we have pyrex.
Return the current selection.
Handles the successful signin process.
Open a file and return its contents.
Return the default entry point for the package.
Return a list of all installed services.
Go to the given URL.
Testing function for debugging.
Check if a user exists in the database.
A small HTML tidy filter.
If x is a sequence of strings or a sequence of strings x is converted to UTF - 8
Compile a template string into a Python object.
Test that mne_locs is installed and generated.
Get the path of the current preferences file.
Serve gzip encoded content as JSON.
Gather pillar data from grains.
Read a file with safe XML.
Returns a random zero - free string of length l.
Read count booleans using the plain encoding.
Set the state of the tristate device.
Return a copy of the event exchange for the given connection.
Clear the d2c compatversion cache when an addon is deleted.
Map a target to a service.
Command line switch to v5.
Assert that a quantity is allclose to another.
Parse a multipath rule.
Draw a demo grid with a single colorbar.
Send a message tag from var to dest.
Includes debug javascript in S3 for development.
Return the current file system encoding.
Update course structure when a course is published.
Register a namespace alias.
Returns a new interpretation repository for the current platform.
Split a BABY file into two.
Convert a JSON string to a list of strings.
Convert a key to a dictionary.
Generate example RST.
Similar to django. contrib. urlresolvers. reverse but if request is not None then return
Floor a fstime value to a number of seconds.
Test that a frame attribute transforms to a frame inheriting from another.
Clear the cache and show the state.
Check if the given host is full or not.
Move a file or folder to the trash
Duplicate a list to a raw dictionary.
Split a string into a list of strings.
Generate a task completion dictionary.
Clears the database environment.
Prepare embed request.
Convert a numpy scalar to a fits format string.
Hardlink a user.
Colorize an image.
Returns a list of SQL commands that can be used to create and index a database.
Sends an email using the system mail system
Convert ISO 8601 time to javascript timestamp.
Collects all JavaScript addons from the user s user configuration.
Set up the WAF functions.
Manage test admins.
Throttle layout for bulkloader.
Copies a struct from the source to the destination.
Parse a server string and return a tuple with the server string and the server address.
Generate a password and hash it.
Degree - nth degree.
Decomposition from right to left.
Set the opacity of an image.
Return the number of characters after the string.
Queues an OSF4M welcome email for the user to attend the conference.
Compute the recurrence term of a recurrence function.
Shift time by shift seconds.
Create a port group on the specified vswitch.
Split a path into a zipfile and an archive file.
Run all registered exit functions.
Download and update the latest PDFJS release.
Read basic file with no data.
Return a list of payment providers.
Return a tuple of the virtualenv and the name of the virtualenv
Sets up a configuration key.
Load a local evaluation result file and return a score.
Get the carving of the given file.
Get a fixed IP by its address.
Return current time in ISO 8601 format.
Convert a color value to a string.
Check that a slug is valid.
Associate a fixed IP address with an instance.
Check if the file should be skipped.
Send an email to the admins listed in settings. admins
test for z
Alter an enum column.
Check if a proxy is valid.
Remove the last XML tag in a file.
Create a vector3 path from a complexpath.
Set the configurator to now.
Register all treebuilders from the specified module.
Decode a Unicode string.
Check if a file contains the given text.
Connect to cognito identity.
Return the number of inbusy ports.
Return True if the given string is a valid Python identifier.
Base64 encode data and sign it with the given key.
Sends an email using multiple alternative approaches.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the word is quoted or not.
Sanitize a filename so that it can be used as a filename.
Backup the database.
List tables in a BigQuery dataset.
Parse the XFS dump output.
Vertical stack.
Returns a list of absolute filepaths for all files in the specified directory.
Create a token from a stream of text.
Override the bytes contained in the Content - Type header of the given listing dict.
List all GPG keys
Fix the line ending of a string.
Test the legend on the auto3 axes.
Duplicate a legendre.
Add a list option to the parser.
Validate the background color
Create the database table for the item and assessmentitem.
Convert a File instance to a JSON dict.
Add the submenus for a given crafttype and profile.
Compute the dotproduct of two complex numbers.
Return a dictionary of available sizes.
Remove an empty line from a string.
Pops a connection from the stack.
Generate handler list in YAML format.
Check if the filepaths match.
Retries function until it throws an eintr signal.
Calls a method on an object that is weakref - aware.
Returns the items in sequence that are not in reference.
Run the function f on a random state and compute the gradients.
Profile a pool of connections using dbapi.
Collect static files from appbuilder static folder
Check if an environment has been created.
Return the executed function for the given patch module.
Return the name of the virtualenv.
Setup the platform for the MQTT client.
Return the outer product of two arrays.
Return text wrapped in white spaces.
Temporarily patch the os. environ dictionary with the given values.
Examine mbox results and return a Deferred whose result is the result.
Count the number of righthand zero bits in a number.
Softsign op.
Generate a fingerprint for the ssh key.
Reads a curvature file and a surface file.
Add the stats from source to the target.
Boot and run a given image.
Return the replacement function for dst.
Return a human - readable duration string for the given number of seconds.
Upgrade or downgrade the database.
Reduce the size of the cache by evicting the most recently accessed instances.
Get the size of the backup files
Validates the given path against the given element validator.
Find the number of a node via LAN scan.
Find all loops that are not in the top - level ones.
Query the event list endpoint
Deserialize a key value.
Search form.
Checks whether the given module is a submodule of the given package.
Run a test suite and return the result in JSON format.
View for editing an opportunity.
Get a foreign key for the given parent_model.
Normalize a path.
View config changes.
Convert a dictionary to a numpy array.
Remove a port from a zone.
Build a simple borderwiping network.
Find the parameters of an object.
craftedgcodefromtext - GetcraftedGcode from text.
Return True if filename is not a tonzb file.
Get a blaze expression from its name.
Create a WSGI application.
Prints the given arguments to the given file.
Check to see if a launch configuration exists.
Slugify a string.
Get the effects that have a dummy effect.
Convert a value to a boolean.
List the root directories for all the environments
Add the surrounding loop starting line to the distancefeedrate.
Return the code number for the given mode.
Get user email.
Convert a string representation of inet_pton using the specified protocol.
Check if there is a tab in the leading part of a string.
Called when the module is loaded.
Compute the correlation between two sets of data.
Accepts a HJSON file or a string and runs it through the HJSON parser.
Generic find_constraint_name implementation.
Restore postgres database from a given file.
Returns the index of the first non - whitespace character missing from the logical line.
Get credits for a project
Ensures that the named service is started.
Parse a query string.
S3 table view.
Escape markdown sections.
Check the return value of a ctypes function call.
Parse a date string according to the HTTP RFC.
Formats a URL.
Render the probability density function of a parabola.
Returns a new command that can be run with sudo.
Test the ENNsk estimator.
Create a new zone from a template.
Adds a role for a group to a domain or project.
Serialize a sequence of Python objects into a YAML stream. If stream is None return the produced string
Apnumber filter.
Check if password has changed for user.
Extracts the mapping from flowgram ID to sample ID.
Refresh the info cache for the given instance.
Returns True if the attribute is private False otherwise.
Runs the jshint command.
Recursively copies folder structure from source to destination.
Resizes the given image to the given maxwidth.
Create a proxy for the given token.
Run a function in a background thread.
Complex hyperbolic cosine
Inverse hyperbolic tangent of a polynomial.
Returns a list of driver names.
Returns a pickleable type for the given class.
Return the jnyn_zeros for n and nt.
Return the skewness of xs.
Return a consumer instance for the given request.
Parse privileges string.
Raise permissiondenied if repo is blacklisted.
S3 REST controller location.
Import a class or function from a dotted path.
Emit a problem submitted event.
Compute the MGF1 hash of a MGF seed.
Returns a natural time string for the given date.
Check if the result is zero.
Release a port on the serial port list.
Polynomial swapping i - th monomial
sitemonitor xml handler
Update the lists.
Convert a list of corpus entries to a generator of VW strings.
Create a new index.
Convert a name to a regular expression.
Yield tuples if the line is an asse equals type.
Setup litejet for the platform.
Setup join cache.
Attaches total points to a queryset.
Add all vertices from a geometry output object to a list of vertexes.
Get Steam user data.
Returns file object for given file or path.
Computes the sequence of nodes derived from the sequence of nodes in the graph.
Gets a torrent file
Create a WSGI resource.
Process the notification file.
Lints the citations in the tool xml.
Converts relative URLs in HTML to absolute URLs.
Escape a string to a null string.
Activate distributions that match the given requirement.
Returns True if path is a progress element of toppath.
Remove a role from the database.
Check if the given path is a directory.
Push a connection to the connection stack.
Test consistency of mrg_randomstreams.
View function for password_reset.
Convert a frequency to a period.
Return a spinner for msg.
Return True if LDAP group members are ids disabled.
Split the namespace from a tag.
Retain the horizontal spacing of the line.
Test if h is a valid RGB color.
Runs a mysql command
Returns the path to the CA certificates file.
Extracts a nested case from a case node.
Return a list of formatted lines for the given exception.
Returns a dictionary of callables from a module.
Return a list of all files in the specified environment
Calculates the model parameters of a dummy model.
Returns all subclasses of a class.
Test the output format of the FIF file.
Get person or contact name for the given id.
Return the full module name of a module.
Parse the given data into a parser and return the parser and the method name.
Re - validates a certificate for a student.
Convert a list of names to a dnsrepr string
Show a specific network.
Empty float.
Compute the L2 projection of a function over a basis set.
Return tagnameselect plugin.
Returns the column number of a string starting at loc.
Get the server certificate.
product of two iterators.
Log raw IRC messages.
Parse value into a date object.
Try to infer the value of the given node.
Setup the platform.
Unescape a string.
Create a set of colors for a set of colors.
Discard a line from the system clipboard.
RETURN AN ITERATOR OF SORTED OBJECTS
Returns the SQL for the destroy indexes for all the models in the app.
Get chapter description.
Find where the given program is installed.
Update the local git repository.
Register new user in session.
Schedule a job function for the specified number of hours and minutes.
Unlocks an entity.
Set class names in options.
Test the uploading of srs.
Check if xbps is installed
Return the key for the given entry.
Parse a comment from the source.
Test for raising a ValueError on a directory to filelink.
Test for module exceptions that are subclasses of exception.
Test regression on linear protocol 0.
Convert an object to serializables.
Parse arXiv idversion url.
Start s3 server.
Parse the command line arguments.
Format a traceback.
Check recaptcha.
Add constructor to tag.
Read an index from a file - like object.
Clean meta data that is not standard.
Plots the posterior predictive distribution of trace.
Check that pypi has an error when getting version information.
Format a size.
Affinity Propagation for a vcpu task.
Provide coverage reports in HTML format.
Returns the output of getgeometryoutput by the given arguments and element node.
Formats a single issue as a dictionary with keys str_ assignee label_names and milestone
Authenticate with RedHat.
Check that opendocx returns an instance of lxml. etree. _Element
Wrap text and return a list of lines.
site_location REST controller
Returns true if the procedure is found in the gcodetext.
Given a mime - type and a list of parsed media - ranges return the fitness and quality of
Return whether or not the named unit is available.
Check if a release is in an episode.
Download an object from GCS.
Returns the most loved command in the database.
Copies a source file to a temporary location.
Get the period names for the current locale.
Disable all insecure serializers.
Test the attributes of a mixin column.
Generate data blobs.
Test template rendering.
Get a dictionary of profile image filenames.
Run distribrib desc.
List servers on haproxy
Convert a JSON row to a row data tuple.
Return the first word of a line.
Check to see if an ElasticSearch domain exists.
Test the crop method for BTI files with appended image data.
Test the number of reads in a file.
Evaluate an expression.
Convert a list of symmetric polynomials to a diagonal matrix.
Read user dict and verify that prompt calls with process_json.
Return the headerguardcpp variable for the given filename.
Check if the argument is a valid type.
Return wml. document. Document instance.
Load a pickled object from a string.
Search for URLs in the given WSGI environment.
Set the global interactive flag.
Processes the given element node.
Get a traceback of the current thread.
Run fabtools. require. file from a URL.
Given a list of recipients return a list of email addresses.
URL quote a single string or unicode object with the given charset.
Set the segid for the current process.
Register a set of classfactories for a list of clsids
Ensures that the named alias is absent.
Create a port group on a virtual switch.
Processes an XML element.
Lists all the reviews available to the current user.
List all repositories in the specified basedir.
Select siblings that are direct adjacent to the given set of nodes.
write a plist to a resource
Get the latest bootstrap script.
Compute the derivative of the division of two scalars.
Test that epochs. plot_image works.
Install coverage requirements.
Create a streamerror object from a streamerror XML element.
If the given logical line is an asse_trueinst_re line yields tuples of
Specification for gridspec height ratios.
Register all models.
Split a command line into a list of arguments.
Returns the number of edges in the partition of the graph g.
Kruskal test objective function.
Get the app name for comments based on Django settings.
Create a new figure manager given a figure number.
Repeat the elements of an array a number of times.
Try to get an email address from the user.
Populate settings with default values.
Check if the settings. py file contains the given lang_code.
Test galactic attributes with three components.
Changes a tablespace s name owner or option.
uptime a hypervisor
Test to verify that derived columns are from lists of strings.
Return True if docstrings are disabled.
Runs a command in a shell.
Copies the modified jars from the app directory to the lib directory.
Suspend a vm
Configure the database engine.
Returns the current status of the case.
Scan the default SR for supported formats.
Get a single release by ID.
Open a file and return a unicode string.
Return a list of process IDs in the processtree.
Generate a unique filename for the photo.
Get the HTML for the current page.
Visit a table node by replacing text nodes with their parameter values.
Check if pyenv is set
Check if any of the given GPUs is on the host.
Return True if all ancestors of the given page are published.
Create a button to create a new object
Generate a unique event id for the given event name.
Parse a line of pkginfo output.
Run Le Auto.
Assert that value is a boolean.
Update Blade CC configuration file.
Generate code for the given template node.
Convert a module object to a dictionary.
Write a value to a key in a JSON file.
Unbox an index.
test demonstrating how to use filelinks
Sample from a Smote distribution with WIT - like fitness function.
Merge the request setting with the session setting.
Get the rank of a singular value.
Get the current context string.
Complex hyperbolic cosine.
Set the SNMP on the specified community.
Make a map from caseid to a list of preg indices.
List all kstone tenants
Check if the descriptor has mobile availability
Main entry point for the script.
Wrapper for s3request.
Get options from select_browser_query.
Get information about an entry of a distribution.
Given a list of lines return a string representing the descriptioncarve.
Get activities about a user
Index a list of ids in chunks.
Get a new instance of the current repository.
Get the value of a WMI setting.
Sample from the nearest neighbour nearest to the nearest neighbour using WETWISE.
Compare two dictionaries ignoring order.
Validate the configuration.
Perform Traffic Server offline mode.
Get virtual packages.
Send monthly reports.
convert mnc array to cumulus matrix
Send a message to a fanout topic over SSH.
Sync local and remote databases.
Removes the queue logging handler from the root logger.
URL quote a string using the given charset errors safe and unsafe characters.
get power from ipmi command
Partial logistic logistic gradient for i.
Get the blobinfo for the given blob_key.
Get a group type by its name.
Match a hostname to a certificate.
Converts a D - BUS exception to a reason string.
Set up fast linking program builder.
Return True if headers contain a websocket header.
Lookup all records for the given DNS name.
Check that the geoserver is up.
Convert a key text into a keyinfo object.
Update a fixed IP address.
Fully qualified name of an object.
Returns the install function for the specified platform.
Remove the task app from the project directory.
bdist_wininst_simple. py
Builds a property spec.
Runs pip - install if needed does not upgrade dependencies when no longer satisfied.
Cross Origin tag.
Get the status of the redis server
Remove a network
Get the imagemember for the given memb_id.
Returns bool_ if algo is None otherwise returns bool_.
Shortcut for unittest. skipif. is_pypy.
Refresh grains table.
Round a number to a given precision.
Names the user.
Return the name of the virtualenv.
Set the restart mode of the specified file.
Samples from groundtruth_x and generated_x at random indices.
Escape special characters in string.
Serializes an exception into a JSON - serializable object.
Get the number of themes and locks for rereviewing the given reviewer.
Make a color argument like a numpy array with RGBA values.
Prompt user for input and return the output.
Update a single instance in the cloud.
Convert an integer to a C ++ integer.
Connect to the given region.
Returns True if the configuration contains external plugins.
NN movie ratings.
Returns the number of free memory on the machine.
Check the usage of the given module.
Tableau pivoting.
Processes an element node by its derivation.
Translate a list of modifiers into a single mask.
Masked sizes can be masked.
Process the pixel log for a given hour.
Set copyright and license.
Browse the current branch
Get the value of a placeholder configuration.
Returns a list of mailing lists selected for the current user.
Compute the projected Principal projection.
Post annotation to ansible - module.
Read all keyboard actions.
Return a deprecation docstring for the specified version and replacement.
Get theme data as CSV.
Split an entry into its components.
Signal the jid to save the load.
Return a list of available celery settings.
Book endpoint.
Convert text into a number.
Create a storage transfer job.
Monitor disk usage.
Find the degree of a node in a matrix.
Check if hg is installed.
Safely serialize a value to JSON.
Formats a list of extracted lines into a list of strings.
Clean up a process.
getgeometryoutput by negativespositives
Initializes the trunk handler.
Makes sure that the user exists in the specified htpasswd file
Set the time on the machine.
Slugify a string.
Reset shortcuts to default values.
Return True if there is an app context stack.
Split a node into hostname and port.
Wrapper around subprocess. popen that handles redirecting IO.
Create a new branch.
Expand windows paths.
Uncache a ZIP directory.
MODIFY MODIFY MODIFY
Convert a WOAN tag to a Penn Treebank tag.
Applies batch normalization to x in training.
Get the label for a field on a model.
Adds a typed document to a folder.
Return system information as a list of tuples.
Evaluates the relationship between a polar and azimuth to a point.
Convenient test for converting a str parameter to a str parameter.
Extract views from a list of urlpatterns.
S3 document controller.
Sort resources by method.
The attribute ga_push_attribute returns a JSON string containing a list of groups the user is
Returns True if f is a float literal otherwise False.
Generate a random string of length l.
Convert unicode keys and values in a dictionary to unicode objects.
List of statements.
Delete an account.
Setup russound platform.
Check if given string is a valid IPv6 address.
Decorator to apply a function to a copy of a clip.
Return a string representation of expr.
Check that the roles can be pickled.
Return aware version of a datetime. datetime object.
Return the request URI for the given WSGI environment.
Partitions the entropy of the input by the given attribute.
Computes the minimum distance from the given node to the given node.
Rescale x so that the maximum value is 1.
Apply a palette to the given image.
Attempt to set the effective user UID within a context.
List of vmstat output.
Migrate the data directories.
Load a dataset from a yml file
Parse an SQLAlchemy XML file.
Decode a sequence of characters into a tuple.
Call a remote method.
Check if APC access is available on the system.
Calculate torrent hash.
Remove a file or directory.
Get the stroke radius of an xml element.
Return the Sass triangle.
Get the account information from the environment.
Return a string representing the agent.
Write a message to stderr and exit.
Returns the list of geometry output for the element node.
Fraction decomposition of expr.
Get the value of the makeopts variable.
Recursively copy a directory tree.
Get the number of reservations for the given resources.
Return the name of the virtualenv as a tuple.
Convert an image into a numpy array.
Returns the indices for the given shape.
Return True if the given text is a plural form.
Return the state name of a state.
Configure the inline support backend.
Add string metadata to an XML element.
Setup logging for a product.
Discretize a 1D Gaussian subpixel model.
Open a file and return a file - like object.
Return True if object is a class object.
Handles the completion of a backup.
B property.
Test the pdf format of a CGI document.
Registers a notification and sends it to the growlnotifier.
Cleanup after metric is finished
Check if a file exists for the given package.
Copy location attributes from old_node to new_node.
Update evoked parameters.
Convert hash data to native Python types.
Return the campos coefficients of the zero coefficients.
Return the value corresponding to the text.
Initialize the configuration and parse the config file.
Toggle options.
Returns the current process memory usage in bytes.
Yields the product of the given iterables.
Returns the paths of the manually manipulated loops.
Unescapes the given value if it is a string.
Zeromutable fields in a packet.
Add a user account to S3.
Detect changes using shippablechanges.
Return a list of mailcapfiles.
Generate coordinates for a given ul and lr zooms.
Execute convergence plan.
Write job log data to xml.
Run all checks on the given estimator.
Login using SSL.
Return the unchanged argument.
Returns a dictionary of username - > user.
Extract the version from the first line of the file.
Check if there are enough SEMAPHORE configurations.
Run the test suite.
Make a response from a generator.
Specifier qualifier list
Map volume to a single host.
Decode the given value to unicode.
Traverse the tree yielding nodes that match the filter.
Write a list of GIF images to a GIF file.
Return the numeric part of a string.
Get a property from an object.
Add a closed XML tag to the output file.
Return a dictionary of the arp installed on the system.
Encode a dictionary as a HTTP header.
OPT step.
Positive test for multiplication and division by 6 days.
Return a generator of dates between start and end.
Parses the fasta file and returns a list of tuples with the length of each sequence
Encode a Name object into a Subject object.
Force down a service.
Find a configuration option in the specified namespace.
Get partitions of a disk.
Get a category value by its label.
Return the Roman numeral representation of a number.
Make dispatch list into yaml string.
Python implementation of the bernoulli routine p.
Set up a new live session.
Setup the logging module.
View for nested views.
Generate a category file.
Creates a new local dict and returns it.
Compute the covariance matrix between two sets of points.
Test uninstall and pip install.
Permute a list by cycle.
Return the number of kilometers given the number of meters meters miles and feet.
Compare two values using constant time algorithm.
JBIG to JBIG conversion
Return cache key for the given account container or object.
If the value of the token is equal to the value of the context s context then return True
Decorator to indicate that a function should not be allowed to be called after a delay.
Update a device.
Below a polynomial.
Change the group ID of the specified group
Get the manipulated paths for a loop.
Return the name of the interface.
Test the pytpm transformation against the one produced by fk5.
Test that the hsl_to_rgb function works for 9x9.
Create an OVF flow object.
Get the number of hosts in the cluster.
Convert a string to a translated field value.
Softmax softmax function.
Returns a callable that can be used as a role for the given role name.
Run a command from command line arguments.
Create a VLAN interface.
Returns course enrollment information for a course.
Build a URL for the given endpoint.
Select corrected command.
Test that the new bundle is properly installed.
Create a set of regex patterns that match strings for gettext.
Return a list of all factory modules.
UTF - 8 encode a unicode string.
Return True if expr is a function variable.
Generate a hash for the current request ID.
Return a Spyder application instance.
Get the mapping details for a specific event source
Show the service certificate information.
Return the result of the operation.
Confirm that the user is logged out.
Calculate the HMAC - SHA1 signature for the given list of parts.
Extract a member from a TAR archive to a specified path.
Get the line number of the given node.
Convert a logging level to the proper log level.
User post save callback.
Pack a request ID and data into a message.
Returns the expression value for the given value.
Process an XML element.
Set the x layout
Prepare the totals dataframe.
Check if item is in inlist.
Check if value is greater than or equal to arg.
Return True if source is newer than target.
Get all the instances that belong to the specified host and node.
Migrate settings to the site config.
Sign data with JWT.
Returns the Unicode wratio of the sequences s1 and s2.
Block until a VBL is available or until a VBL is available.
Computes a fingerprint for the given path list.
Return the full path to a device.
Sort tasks by name.
Check if a coordinate system is somatic.
View for editing a source.
Parse a target URL.
Returns Twitter authentication settings or none if none is set.
Setup a console logger.
Try to get url from url_name.
Poll the btmp file for events.
Check if source is a flat source.
Return the interface details for the specified interface.
Get the localzone object.
Check if the given user can add a translation for the given project.
Test theano pydotprint function.
Expand integer type.
Sort a list of results.
Return the clickthrough rate.
Safe to snap a repository.
Test conditionset equality.
Check if bucket_name is valid for bucket_host.
Count the number of CPUs on the system.
Stop logging for a service.
list all etc hosts
Strips only one HTML tag from a string.
Flag an object.
Rescan the database if there are too many blocks in the database.
Extracts the widget content from the given string.
Update a compute node.
Checks if the user has permissions for the group or the organization.
Main function of this module.
Convert a string to a unicode string.
Create a new scratch area view.
Allocate a standard EC2 address and release it.
Adjust the time delay based on the last query duration.
Create a database for the app.
Find patterns in text.
Return the username of the current user.
Return text up to but not including the first dot.
Check course badges and award them.
Access the current user.
Return system information.
Test that make_imbalance does not raise a valueerror when the ratio is out of range
Enable a service.
Returns the model field name for the given field.
Skip the next num_ bytes and return the new position.
Add a request to the queue.
Clone configuration for device and emulator target.
Validate a block of code.
Suppress warnings for lines without a warning.
Get user email from user id.
Read 32 - bit integer from a file - like object.
Check if we are running in Travis PR.
Issue a deprecation warning for the deprecated worker module used.
Return the HTML fragment of the input_string encoded as HTML.
Decode a nameid from a string.
Get bucket by ID.
List all packages that can be upgraded from a given jid
Decorator to make a function compatible with double output.
Return the total number of seconds in a datetime. timedelta object.
List all IAM instance profiles starting at the optional path.
Create a constant tensor whose components are value.
Process an opt_in message.
Yields the nodes that match the given nodename in the given object.
Redirect user to create page
Given a pointer to a string get the string at that point.
List roles for a user
Takes a list of strings and returns a list of strings with the last num_ items concatenate
Test that raw EDF data can be read as a single file.
Remove all artifacts associated with a version.
Broadcast two axes.
Setup the platform.
Post delete page checker signal.
Create a JSON error message for a failed upload.
Convert a value to a numpy array.
wrapper around warnings. warn
Setup a test database.
Yields host - line tuples from the popens dict.
Generate a new state file name for a zone.
Encrypt a stream.
Return a context dictionary for the given revision.
Loads a module and returns it.
Test for multi - m2m access.
Create a lexer from a list of symbols.
Create a new egg.
Update the geospatial location tree for a feature.
Log an informational message.
Import a Python module from a file.
Convert a string or list of strings to a str.
Check a hashed passphrase against a hashed passwd.
Return a list of metaschemas.
Generate a new certificate for the given domain.
Extracts the authentication information from the given URL.
Rotates an encrypted blob by the specified encryption key.
Perfomous test of ORM bundles.
Renders a sales lead list.
Initialize configuration from options.
Delete topic.
Install a jupyter hook.
Return a list of cliques in the graph.
Compute the hub matrix of a graph.
Run a simple WSGI server.
Loads all account types.
Get the string representation of a masked part of a string
Yields the indices of missing whitespace at the end of the line.
Decode base64 data and decrypt using AES key.
Iterate over all tests in the given test names.
Clear the specified feature from the recipient.
Returns a list of queues.
Load data from a file - like object.
Delete all issues that are justified for the given monitors.
Returns the full path to the python inc dir for this platform.
Initializer for P_initializer.
Decorator for catching corrupted databases.
Clears the cache.
Delete a server from a service group
Download a file from a given url.
Strip the default value from a string.
Delete a specific port
Returns the current time in milliseconds in milliseconds.
Return pillar data for a specific component
Check if module can be imported.
Return a list of all possible glob patterns.
Return True if the document is at the first line.
Run diff on two files and return the output.
Print the current line number.
Convert an ascii format to a numpy recformat.
Returns a tuple of name1 name2 name3
Flips coins.
Parses the message content and returns the datetime. datetime object.
Check if pkgin is installed.
Release the lock on the server
Returns a list of combined keywords.
Show the last episode of a TV series.
Check if file exists and if not overwrite.
Returns a list of column names based on the filters.
Check if the named service is disabled.
Return the versions information
Cleans all test files.
Returns stdout as a unicode string.
Check if the given name is a bucket.
Run a statement within a profiler context.
Convert a locale to a language code.
Invalidate star import cache for module.
Convert an IRI to a URI.
Processes an element node by its derivative.
Lint Python files.
Get stack events.
Get the IP address of the LAN.
Serialize an object to a pickled string.
Filter the lettuce_apps list from the settings.
Convert url to bytes.
Truncate a title to a maximum number of characters.
Find a missing edge in a graph.
Create the mleprobdist for the sum of num_ samples.
Count the number of submissions that match the regular expression str_.
Get social auth information for a user
Register API routes for the given application.
Wrapper for fit_constrained that wraps fit_constrained.
Returns a dict of unknown bgp path attributes.
Delete a repository from the local disk.
Return a tuple of key - value pairs for the given log match.
Check if the current operating system is a SmartOS global zone.
Check if app_name is installed in settings. installed_apps.
Get a distribution object from a requirement string or provider.
Check if a path is a mount point.
Remove a site from the system
Parse the state value from a state string.
Call the zypper refreshable API.
Check if the path should be included based on the exclude and include patterns.
No package is installed.
Get a block device volume.
Validate the given iterables.
Logs the user out.
Get the current command from grains
Read a chunk of data from a file - like object
Get chimeras from a fasta file aligned to a reference database.
Check that the ldev information is valid.
Returns the number of exit surveys for a given survey on a given date.
Resolve code to full code.
Encode a string using the quopri module.
Check if a directory is installable.
Returns the set of available distributions for the given flocker source path.
unban a channel or user.
Returns a tuple containing the name url current version required.
Returns a cubic path defined by controlpoints and end.
Find all candidate loops for the looplift algorithm.
Return a file descriptor for the given file object.
Get the date that an account was created.
Check if user has language set.
Overlap_slices with a wrong mode.
Check contents of html string.
Set a password in a keyring service.
Normalize a path.
Poll user for results.
Add a friend to this user.
Restores an integer flag.
Test that the history is empty.
List the members of a group.
Formset takes a list of dicts and returns a dict of dicts where the keys are
Get the user object for the bootinfo.
Get the set of used lun ids for the given mappings.
Get sharing strategy.
Approximates the geometric function gf_div.
Moment conditional lower bound LS distfn.
Get the current git changeset.
Expand hierarchy metadata.
Create a variable with weight decay.
Return the status of a monit service.
Initialize a connection to the database.
Flag or unflag an addon.
Sends an e - mail to a list of recipients.
Return a list of interface configuration strings.
Asserts that the output of the specified xpath element matches the specified text.
Fallback for missing docutils page.
Start the tracemalloc thread and dump data.
Grant a privilege to a user.
Toggles fullscreen mode.
Sends an update notification to the specified instance with the specified VM state and task state.
Finder for domain configuration files.
Print the statement.
Create a new thread in the context of a course.
Get the language code from the request.
Return a new hoprepository object.
Iterate over a list of namedtuples.
Returns a tuple consisting of a boolean boolean and a string indicating whether or not the module is
Generates the index page for the table.
Returns the number of votes for the given object.
Bind a floating IP to a device.
Initializes the ansible_inv dict with local variables.
Fail if phi1 < s < derphi < s.
Clamp a point so that it belongs to the norm.
Test scenario outlines contain lines that should be ignored from examples.
Moves the selected frame up or down in the stack.
Create a new class.
Return a test suite.
Generate a new mining_id or generate a new one.
Convert a list of name - value strings to a dictionary.
Find a suitable UNIX socket location.
Return a clean environment for the current platform.
Create a zfs storage pool and start a volumeservice
Get a string from a buffer.
Generate a random id.
Returns the indices of the minimum values along the given axis.
Apply a function to all exprs in e.
Return the current request.
Main entry point for the script.
Creates a 2D convolutional layer with a linear layer.
Add authentication headers
Generate a random coincmatrix.
Sleeps for sleep_time and returns when thread exits.
Exportora2 data for a course.
Login and complete LTI consumer
Return values reshaped to the given ndim.
Parse a line into a string and a boolean.
Convert a typecode or array typecode to a shared memory array.
Write string data to file.
Bulk insert dictionaries.
Solves a 3D transform on two sets of points.
Apply a set of mods to the highstate and return a highstate object.
Start a response by printing status and headers.
Remove a tenant from the specified flavor access list.
Hide me from logging.
Get the scanner object.
List of available themes.
Generate random sample indices.
Parse a git commit message.
Evaluate the given model.
Returns a list of tuples of all time - stamps found in results_string.
Get neighbor configuration for the given neighbor IP address.
Add resources for editing mode.
Returns the number of variables that exist between i and o.
Check if the text has mixed EOL characters.
Get a parameter from the request.
Get a list of folders on an addon.
Insert twistportions into interpolationtwist.
Test theano - rng functions.
Test that we can compile a string in the global scope.
Create a polynomial with the legendre coefficients.
Return a list of shells
Test the bloom of test_logs.
Print the connections of all switches.
Locks a password
Fix the lib64 link in lib_dir if it exists.
Generate a 2D rectangular grid.
Convert a filename to a different file format.
Iterates over the modules in the specified directory.
Get the value of an integer property.
Get details about a template.
mode command helper.
Get the volume for a module.
Boot the Python interpreter.
Uninstall one or more pecl extensions.
Override the system resolver.
Check if value is a CSV string.
Returns a list of the CPUs that are online.
Finds the absolute path to the python file for each module and sets the absolute path to the
Convert a binary tree into a list.
Split the delete portion of a chunk.
returns True if procedure is procedured or file is empty
Create a small push directory.
Get a random color.
Find image by name or UUID.
Select a shard for the given instance.
Encode a certificate into base64 - jose
View a map.
Run the test suite.
Logs the user in to the request.
Create a nginx configurator.
Compare the elements of one or more objects to determine whether they are not equal.
Euclidean norm of a flat array.
Wait for a HTTP request to scrub the given path.
Get the default secret key.
Get the validation set from the training set.
Parse a template string.
List of tags.
Test for an uncontinuous error
Send robots. txt files from the static folder.
Set a label for the x - axis.
if statement expresssion
Sigma of a list of values.
Test the presence of a totodile in a pokemon media.
Lint the output of a tool.
Returns the current water source controller.
Replace RVs with given symbols.
Scans the example file for used functions and returns a set of backrefs.
Return the ssh config for the specified host.
About page.
Check if the attributes of the extended class differ from those of the extended class.
Uninstall one or more packages.
Return locale information
Create a new document with an image element.
Clears the database environment.
Check if the user has permission to change the dictionary.
Apply time symmetrization to a video clip.
Clean up the content of the database.
Increase basepre by num_ branches.
Return a datetime. datetime from a number of seconds ago.
Format a single line of a master config file.
Test that the plot_locations function works.
Train the model.
Add a candidate track to the results dictionary.
Changes num_ to num_ in p.
Given a list of matches and a command returns a list of suggestions.
Read requirements from a file.
Add a querymanager for a timeframed model.
Returns a list of all packages in the given mirror.
Create a rules. ini file from a list of rules.
Fixture for locmemcache delete pattern.
Run pylint from the command line.
Run a command inside a container.
Read a file and return its contents as a string
Generate a key and x509 data.
Get the current revision from the git repository.
Reads the content of the specified file.
Return the script object for the specified vm.
Download all bom stations from the internet and parse them into a dictionary.
Check if the given path is blacklisted.
Print results from a query results object.
Convert a single character to a codepoint.
Get the exclude string for a client.
Return the URL for the resource provider.
Change the gid of a group
Returns the line number of the calling function.
Returns a list of all datastore indices associated with the specified application.
Test symmetricalloglocator with set_params.
Apply a test function to each element of a sequence.
Run a wsgi function.
Normalize the facts from the metadata.
Like with_open_mode but seeks to a certain number of bytes in a file.
Create a topic rule.
Main entry point for the script.
Split a list of issues into a list of pull requests.
Helper function for _evaluate_standard.
Get the value of a constant.
Test the alt_checker setting.
Create a complex polygon from a start and end angle.
Return a dictionary of all events that match the given name.
Enqueues a task to be processed later.
Test the initialization of the nearest edited nearest neighbors.
Return True if obj is a scalar object.
Creates a figure with the cost data.
Return traceback in html format.
Reblock a 2x2 block matrix.
Run quteproc and wait for it to finish.
Add project and store to the database.
Extend linecache. checkcache to check for filenames in the cache.
Run freeze and verify that the output is editable.
Add a pre - save check to the list of pre - save checks.
Set an object attribute if it does not exist.
Return a QColor instance with the specified index.
Apply a top - down function to each expression in the sequence and return the result.
Check if the server is alive.
Return True if ch is a character junk False otherwise.
Parse synonyms from a string.
Multiply a tensor by a scale of a row.
Test the last column of sextractor.
Get the last access time of a file.
Parse ipmi output
Get S3A access key from configuration.
Convert a datetime - like object to an i8 datetime - like object.
Show standard icons
Fetches a list of topics.
Return a list of items from a command output.
Returns the output of file_dict and list of files for the given packages.
Load a parser from the cache.
Build resources.
Get user information from Soundcloud.
The default page not found handler.
Delete an IPsecPolicy
Set the window size of a folder.
draws circle landmarks to image
Return data to the database.
Return a list of modules that haven t been loaded yet
Assert that the given link is a valid link on the given page.
Open a fake file and raise an oserror.
Returns a random sentence.
Test that dict_data has the correct number of columns and indices.
Choose a control register.
Create EEG elements from a list of character strings.
Get router from settings.
Return the square factorization of a polynomial function f.
Round x to the nearest integer greater than or equal to x.
Check if the given object is a writable file - like object.
Generate coordinates for a given ul and lr zooms.
Checks if the given address is a valid IPv4 address.
Write output to file.
Format an object as XML.
Create a new scratch buffer.
Drop the first n elements of seq.
Return a copy of the environment with coverage information removed.
Checks if the given value is within the given range.
Run the limiter.
Test that the hsl_to_rgb function works for 1x11.
Return dpkg version string for Debian.
Check that the chart element has the correct classes.
Fetch daylight hours for a given location.
Get a track for the given track_id.
Get virtual environment variables.
Time mirroring.
Return a discrete range.
Return a unique path based on the given path.
Render a template and return a httpresponse.
Raise an error if a variable is not found.
Render markdown text.
Try to convert the value to the current timezone.
Parse a string according to the OnBlog 8 - bit date format.
Run a shell command and return the output as JSON.
Returns the position of the first whitespace token before parameters.
Escape a value for use in an XML string.
Make validation result.
Get an instrument by ID.
Kill running containers.
Convert font size.
Test the transformation to a heliocentric heliocentric barycentric heliocentric helio
Return the path to the plugins directory.
Split a full version ID into server and version.
Clean up the database.
CMREESTMENT REQUEST Section 9. 2. 12
Create the l1 network.
Given a list of choices return a list of tuples.
Create an edxrestapiclient for the student s access token.
Canonicalize email addresses in a changelog.
Initialize the resource manager.
Check if the level has a label for the given vmin.
Create an image for the user.
Verify a user s password against a cleartext password.
Get a new repository for the current workspace.
Output a formatted header.
Get the current language.
Escape a string for use in an LDAP URL.
Watch the current locale for changes.
Get the path to the ROS home directory.
Update the units in the ordered_po database.
Check the status of the RC configuration
Render a template and return a response.
Return a unicode string representation of the given value.
Returns the full path to a given file.
Run commands in parallel returning their exit status.
Unpickle a class method.
Orders poles according to the imaginary part of the real poles.
Pad a string to block_size
Check if the given path is a device.
Returns the skewness of an iterable.
Get a valid working directory.
Convert a slice of a key to a tuple of strings.
Test categorylinksplugin show all.
Returns an IPv4 address with a bracketed CIDR.
Find a bootable volume on a server.
Create a column of the given dtype.
Autostart a batch of mobsf subdirs.
Calculate temperature from hass temperature.
Get parameters from docstring of a function.
Randomly split features into train and test sets.
Generate recommendation_data.
Checks the number of returned expressions snippeted_fields and returned_fields for maximum number of fields
Expand dimension links in metadata.
Create a subscript node.
Interpret error messages from EMR bootstrapped tasks.
Encode a string as base64 using the modern Python interface.
Notify user about new list member.
Test whether hide and hide_value have been supplied to pass_through.
Upload a file using fileuploadclient.
Test separations of a projected galactic surface.
Create a request object
Resets the modulestores and contentstores.
Consumes n items from the given iterator.
Get the global configuration for the webapp.
Check that the image is monochrome.
Restarts the virtual server.
Check if the given name exists in the current context.
Convert a bytes object to an ElementTree.
Validate throttle parameter.
Create a status line in the terminal.
Similar to redirect but return as NewFuture.
Setup tellcore.
Creates a fake backup
Calculate the arcdistance of the given location relative to the given splitline.
Fetches an image from the server.
Wrapper around os. popen that warns about deprecation.
Get default object values from file.
Get all exploration summaries from a list of models.
Creates a client for working with CloudCDN.
Print a warning message and exit.
Get a file from a container.
Serialize obj to a JSON formatted str.
Translate an NDImage mode to the corresponding ndimage mode.
Writes the tree diff between old_tree and new_tree to the given file - like
Convert any number of tuples to bytestrings.
Convert a probabilistic variable to a softmax.
True if the saml private key file contains a comma separated list.
Perform generic folder checks for a given role.
Return a stream object that can interact with a component.
Encode a name value pair.
Get system statistics.
Update a user s follower list.
Convert a list of tuples from a dotted string to a dictionary.
Validate the configuration.
Run a single trial of the gradient descent algorithm implemented in BC01.
Convert fastq file to quality string.
Update metadata for a question.
Returns a unique ID for the given http_response.
Returns a tuple of two lists of interface addresses.
Parse an HTML page.
Create a user.
Return path if it is an absolute path.
Check if a module was not found.
Assert that tps does not have the same number of entries.
Given a model and fps return the model parameters.
Edit ticket.
If the number of gens is equal to num_ return it else return the original gens
Reset the template info cache to its initial state.
Implement match operations.
Test for find_eog_events.
Returns a list of installed fonts on the system.
Summarize a list of items.
Entry point for glances.
Isolate a numerical algebra.
Set the log record factory.
Add analysis plugins to menu.
Return the relative similarity between two strings.
test if value is divisible by num_
Convert a topography to a sphere.
Encode a double nibble hex string.
Returns a lexer for the given mimetype.
Moves the cursor right by the specified number of characters.
Creates a default initializer for the linear module.
Runs the specified list of commands only if they exist.
Gradient of the expected energy.
Convert a date string to a datetime. date object.
Test bounded exponentially decayed exponentially.
Unzip a tar or zip archive into a temporary directory.
Test for cmdhistory. nextitem that raises an error if the index is out of range.
Create a Win32 event.
Given a list of buildfile paths and a buildfile name returns a list of buildfile paths
Makes a square image from the given image.
Convert absolute path to relative path.
Check if there are changes between the modified and existing dicts.
Join user and host strings together.
Load compiler configuration.
Read a data file.
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
Wrapper for base_param that parses a label parameter.
Test that s1 and s2 are both composed of a model and a scale.
Return the latest installed version for the named VMs.
Returns a scope for the inception arg weights.
Print colored text.
Scan a module for safe imports.
Returns a random filesystem label for the given test case.
Run the web command.
Return an iterator of entry points for the given namespace.
Filters a dictionary of data according to the attr_info dict.
Format the nodetext and optionstext.
Cross entropy computation.
Setup a local light.
Logistic function.
Test shell wrap and escapes a command if use_shell is set to True.
Return valid minion data.
Fit the distribution to a sample using the MCMC method.
Test reshape and configure.
Returns sample for collection.
Return a list of mdadm devices.
Generates a zinnia breadcrumbs template tag.
Returns a random integer of num_ bits.
Load settings from file.
Selects randomly selected individuals based on their epilon lexicase.
Return path normalized and normalized.
Convert a value to the type t.
Get the current state of the EBS volume.
Get the media of a media player object.
Get model instance by pk.
Sets up a pcs cluster.
Create a dictionary of headers.
Send col_delete command.
Scans all the plugins in the project directory.
Get user settings for a given username.
GetcraftedText from a text file.
Check for invalid combination of Qos spec combinations.
Generate a_indptr.
Yield tuples of bare except clauses.
Calculate the most frequent value.
Shows the current version.
Run pyproc in a subprocess with a custom system environment.
Check if there are conflicts in the unmerged list.
Return True if arr1 == arr2 and False otherwise.
Load a markov model from a file.
Write text with color escapes.
Context manager that silences sys. stdout and sys. stderr.
Test packagefinder priority nonegg over eggsfragments.
update rcparams with defaults from rcparamsorig
Convert markdown to plain text.
Check the validity of the abd naming pattern
Return a hash of the passwd.
64 - bit rotation about the right end of x.
Get the compiler used by libvlc_init.
Given a dictionary of lemmas return a set of words.
Implement autohelp directive.
Calculates the square root of the RS problem.
Wrapper for getlumseries that handles the PR650 conversion.
Extend year - spans by spanlen years.
Check if a port is already listening.
Test valueerror when file to filelinks fails.
Step 1A of the string w.
Prompts the user for a filename and returns a file object. Returns none if the user
Test URI requoting with unquoted percents.
Get the metrics record for the given rectype.
Initialize the log module.
Get the convex polygon of a polygon complex around a loop.
Returns the position and string for a cinder task todo.
Create a new tag for an image.
Find all fiducials files for a given subject.
Return a human - readable label for a task.
Convert a BSON string to a Python dictionary.
Notfavorite notification.
Filter a list of dictionaries by a key and a value.
Type matches.
Bessel function filter.
Exit if we are not a master node.
Reboot a vaping machine
Expression option.
Formats an allowed section into a dictionary.
Can the specified user lock a subproject.
Setup a switch device.
Convert a datetime to a W3CDTF string.
Get all the top level images in the imagedata.
Verify that pip doesn t fail because of previous build dir.
Create an ast. lvalue node.
Delete an extra spec for a volume type.
Parse a HTTP header line into key value pairs.
Fails when the word is not a boolean.
Return a list of installed packages.
Return the list of activity IDs subscribed to by a user.
Returns the fresnelc_zeros of a fixed - point number.
Copy volume glance metadata to a volume.
Direct abstract declarator version 5.
Runs a shell command and exits if the command fails.
Delete an interface from a bridge
Create a topic subscription and push to AWS.
Check if a file is a tar archive.
Maxwell filter with maxwell convergence.
Sends an email when a user changes their email address.
Check if a device exists.
Check if an episode is in the show.
Tests rotation of 3d rotations.
Validate a file against a schema.
Exponential random variates.
The configuration file location.
Recursively decode unicode strings and lists.
Get all services for a single instance.
Check all files in the given paths recursively.
Test that advanced_inc_subtensor1 works.
Convert cartesian boxes from cartesian to cartesian.
Finds all outer loops in a list of loops.
Get AWS keys from environment variables.
Return whether or not we re running on a virtual server.
Extracts a link s ID from the given dict.
Converts a binary string to a VNI.
Returns a dictionary containing a list of files for each package in packages.
Annotate the given text with the given clip.
Get the context for a model.
Fetch a single disk or vhd image.
Returns the relative u - value of x.
Get a dictionary representation of the language for the given type.
Guess the type of a field based on its type.
Initialize the bind completion model.
Return the path to the SSL certificate file on the system.
Generate a colormap based on the input name.
Get a CA certificate.
Derive a unique ID from a path string.
This function handles the password reset confirmation page.
Finds the review request object for the given review request ID.
Parses the progress from the resource manager.
Create a fiffv compensator object for the given coils.
Return value with line breaks replaced by br.
Get the command line arguments.
Convert an integer to bytes.
Stop dumping tracemalloc.
Complete the graph by making the graph a complete graph.
Set quotamode for a given quotatype
Return a list of lines that start with the given name.
Test feature ptbr_from_string.
Show a detailed message.
Check that entry points are valid.
Verify that the script can be installed from an SVN repository.
Record the first event of a project.
Add a file handler for the given path.
Execute SQL delete and delete all.
Joins two or more paths.
Start a new worker process.
Change the name of a process.
Initialize the local db with the given schema.
Extract a ZIP archive to a directory.
Writes the contents of a file to a user s incrontab
Read the data from an HDF5 hdf5 file.
Render a graph as an HTML file.
Format a date object as an HTTP date string.
mc2cum returns the cum of mc
Install the SSL options conf file if it does not exist.
Get cache configuration.
A logging callback that logs an exception.
Decode each element of an array using a specified encoding.
Get the content of a file.
Set request. cls. enterprise_url.
Return True if the given string represents an integer.
Convert a row to a polynomial.
Encode a string as UTF - 8.
Return available QingCloud sizes.
Decode a string according to RFC 2231.
Deletes a qualityofservicespec.
Unzip a file
Validate the configuration.
Add the basic options to the opt_group.
Runs the tool and asserts that its output is colored.
Create a SSL certificate and key pair.
Create return url from base query and kwargs.
Convert a local path to a canonical path.
Convert a datastore. Key to a datastore. PropertyValue.
Callback for zip files
List meters for a project.
Reads a file and returns a dictionary of local variables.
Returns a list of filenames with the given filetypes unmodified or not.
Temporarily disables the updates for the given widget.
Add a bottom loop to the list of loops.
Setup OCTOPrint functionality.
Convert aware datetime to naive datetime.
Run a function as a Flup fcgi server.
Returns the tp class for the specified temporalimp.
Load images from a mnist file.
This function will set the linestyle of the eventcollection to a single dash.
A simple tag that combines two parameters.
Serialize a sequence of Python objects into a YAML stream. If stream is None return the produced string
Create a history object.
Delete a draft.
Test GaussianB distribution with priors.
Delete a url from the cache.
Returns a list of the active contexts.
Add a square two - dimensional value to a dictionary.
Parse add - value and weight commands.
Join multiple rows into a single row.
Redo the last undone changes
Collapse a list of addresses into a single list of addresses.
Return the version of the installed nftables.
Permission denied handler.
Test if a systemd state is in a running state.
Add public keys to an existing SSH keyring
Return the jids for a given returner
Checkout files owned by a user for a node.
Registers a inclusion_only tag that prepends the given string with the given arguments.
pytest - mark - parametrized pytest - generate - context.
Checks if the given string is in the list of file paths and regenerates the pyconfig.
Corrects a font by re - hinting it with the unhinted font.
Get the image properties table.
Return a list of all VMs with full information.
Call vo_warn or vo_warn depending on config.
Quote a string for use in shell commands.
Writes the merged cells of the worksheet.
Setup the platform.
Iterates over the required_module_metadata and checks that they are all installed.
Validate local site users.
Computes the 2x2 inverse of matrix m.
Remove all filepaths that are older than the given mtime.
Build the task that installs a docker plugin.
Create an expected dataframe for factor computation.
Read a cache entry from a file - like object.
Returns a dictionary of field names to formfields for the given model.
Expand a dictionary into a nested dictionary.
Read the configuration file and return it as a dictionary
Add a track to the tracklist.
Builds a traversal spec.
Wrapper for talib. rocr100 that calls the talib library
Check if the given host is peered.
Builds a base class object node.
List the threads associated with a forum.
Raise an appropriate exception if an error is found in the environment.
Remove a package.
Returns the root directory of the Cuckoo project.
Create a date object from a number of ticks.
Send email confirmation email.
Find the logical line in the source code corresponding to the result.
Set the closed state to none.
Test the pix2sky projection of a WCS file.
Insert paths into sys. path.
Convert a resource to a table.
Returns a Jinja2 environment.
Render a template to a response with the best match for the current request.
Test the shifted SparkText rendering.
Expression for item_string operator
Returns a dictionary of template field getters for all registered plugins.
Validate read preference tags.
Asserts that the specified path exists and that the path does not contain any partial constants.
Serve the specified file using GitPython.
Rename a file or directory.
Starts OAuth authorization flow
Decode a string to unicode if necessary.
Compile multiple files.
Context manager that creates a temporary script and executes it in the context.
Attach a volume.
Check if the current environment is a development environment.
Close SWIFT connection.
Parse a git - amqp - patch message from a file - like object.
Calculates the Voronoi loop for a given point.
Launchctl list_.
Validate a file path object.
Returns the version number of evennia running.
Decorator to sleep for i seconds.
Labeled statement.
Returns a new polygonderivation object for the given element node.
Automatically generate models for the given doctype.
PAGING REQUEST TYPE 1 Section 9. 1. 13
Get a locale from a language string.
Shows a diff dialog and returns True if the dialog was accepted.
Compare two DNs for equality.
Disable a module and reload the service.
Get the current platform.
Inversefisher z - transform
Test the similarity of two SVMs.
Acquire a lock for a given process.
Get the last num_ dashboard_stats for a user.
Get feedback text.
Create a new bookmark collection.
test gradient of x
Send a message to a given recipient.
Display data.
Start a receiver on the given host on the given port.
Open a firewalld service.
Check if a directory is empty.
Get the URL for a marketing resource.
True if any of the arguments evaluate to True.
Add a user to the course creator group and update the course creator group.
Executes a mysql query into a dictionary. Returns a list of dictionaries.
Main entry point for the script.
Returns the value of the specified parameter from the data.
Temporarily capture the output of the given stream.
Checkout the current branch.
Tag an image with a repository.
Update a quota class.
Wrapper for _get_object_or_404 that handles type errors.
Return the current Ceph version as a string.
Recursively collects all roots of a set of paths.
Writes the chain text to a file.
Test that adasyn can handle ratios correctly.
Write a password to a file.
Install and update a module with a submodule.
Returns a dictionary of unallocated keys and their usages.
Mock a secure POST request to the Software API.
Encode a Python object into a banana protocol buffer.
List all available bridges.
Get the system username.
Split a string into a path and a file.
Process an element node of a cylinder.
Looks for logos in the specified path.
Checks if a TCP connection can be established to the given ip and port.
Generate a set of gradients for the current setup.
Uninstall locker from ubuntu.
LOCATION UPDATING ACCEPT Section 9. 2. 13
Returns the current process.
Convert an S3 image id to a glance id.
Load environment configuration.
Process email and redirect to messagestream.
Prune any directories that match the clutter.
Extract the locations from a JSON body.
Return the name of the Python compiler that this Python version is running on.
Return a future that will fire once every dt seconds.
Return the number of parameter banks for a given device.
Displays whether remote events are supported on the system.
Get the value of the first non - None value in the given lineblock.
Encrypt text using ssh - public key.
ignore headers in the request
Aborts the request with the given status code.
Signup a user.
Check if we have a valid SDRAM frequency config set.
Update the index for the given unit.
Add flaskbb plugins group
Test the tensor crossentropysoftmax1hot with biasdx.
Generate pwnstaller - utilsh code.
Load an ipython extension.
Check whether subset is contained in superset.
Return the active log format for the named server.
Convert a symbol from one of the supported forms.
Updates the nomination date of an addon when a new version is installed.
Check for copyright.
Main thread that reads from stdout and writes to stderr.
Declare local classes of two nodes.
Returns a list of fieldset objects that can be used to make a review request.
Authorized HTTP connection.
Add the ETag header to the response.
Run a job.
Partitions a dictionary into two dictionaries based on a set of keys.
Return a list of data files.
Add a Java fat library to the BEL interpreter.
Deactivate all translations.
Convert a list of RGB colors to a list of RGB components.
Returns the response body based on data_format.
Returns a list of tuples where the first element is the score and the second element is the
Convert a list of word relationships into an XML string.
Delete a task from the task folder.
Returns the size in bytes of the given set type.
Check if the given text has ajaxcrawlable meta information.
Recursively parse a schema resource section.
Wrapper around force_text that handles promises.
Get the current session configuration.
Convert a format string to a Qemu format string.
Cleans assets.
Returns a copy of the allowed config keys.
Wrapper for winunicodeoutput that handles all excepted file numbers.
Sync user s email addresses with email addresses.
Find a executable in a list of paths.
Query EC2 for tags.
Convert PIL image to wx. Image
Invalidate the parser cache for the given path.
Get number of connected devices.
Return True if the symbolic link is OK False otherwise.
Find the largest inset loop that is within radius of the given loop.
Bump the version number.
Configure all new mappers.
Invert an image.
Verify that the design document has the same views.
Chooses a number of random lines from a source string.
Check whether the given array is a sparse array.
Returns True if the named service is disabled False otherwise.
Returns a list of tuples one for each theme that is allowed in the context
Update search_ctr_metric for Google Analytics.
Runs the fssize command on the specified device and returns the output.
Start a new firewall.
Returns a unique variable.
Iterates over all the modules in the specified directory.
Convert the given block_device_mapping to a dictionary.
Set copyright and license.
Returns the error string for the var_count function.
Factory function for tasklistextension.
Return True if the given value is True False otherwise.
Convert a gray list to a binary string.
Return a mock descriptor system that can be used for testing.
Add paths to the set of paths based on the current working directory.
Checks the ownership of the given object.
Interpret size value.
Provide metadata for the decorated function.
Set the DHCP DNS for the specified interface
Return a user specific for the current platform.
Returns the content type of the listing based on the Accept header.
Convert a datetime series to an integer64 index.
Returns True if the cryptovariables x and y are equal.
Prompt the user to choose from a list of options.
Parse TCP line into dict.
Get the DH generator and prime for a KEX algorithm.
Returns the Oracle encryption engine for the specified secret.
Remove the project database.
Determine the user agent based on the configuration.
Rebuild the knowledge base for all pages.
Test for cirs and itrs warnings in the future time frame.
Generate random text.
Setup sudoers for a user.
Return True if val1 == val2 and False otherwise.
Entry point for the command line tool github.
Format a value as a string.
Get the full path of a test file.
Return the weighted average weight of the given path.
Selects the best entry_points for the given identifier.
Decode the thumbnail from base64.
Start mainloop from constructor.
Process buffer incr task.
Returns the quote for the given channel and nick.
Return a value that is undeferable.
Test that glcontext has the correct config.
Extract reverse primers from a mapping file.
Convert a list of ISO 639 language names to a dictionary of ISO 639 language codes.
Paste command text.
Convert mode to a RRX string.
sync_create_groups signal handler
Return what the file looks like.
Create a Kstone role
Check if the given object is a writable file - like object.
Test the separation between softmax and flattener layer states.
Discover devices on the network using the discovery module.
Post - process a group event.
Log and raise an error in the network context.
Returns a function that returns a dialect for the given name.
Remove a check or a service.
Setup plugin options.
Returns a list of loop layers for the specified radius of the specified element.
Fill the rc_object with sample data.
Get the valuestring for a local attribute.
mobify an image
Test init_and_ref_from_multidim_ndarray.
Initialize the plugin library.
Get serial numbers from storage2 database.
Modify a profile.
Returns the currently logged in user or None if no user is logged in.
Backup application tarballs.
Add test and error information to skipped test result.
Create an instance of the subsystem subsystem_type.
Locks the device.
Generate the coverage flag for java based on the environment.
Get a value from memcache.
Deletes the specified image property.
Delete a logger.
Strip ANSI escape sequences from text.
Returns the shape of the list a.
Connect to the specified host and check if it is valid.
Set the configuration data directory.
Runs the screensaver command.
Check the minor number of the specified device.
Run the bot_class with the given config.
Start the named vm
Migrate a message from a task.
Return selectbracket plugin.
Main entry point for the script.
This tests the download_specify_implementation functionality.
Get the distancetoline between the given paths in the given range.
Color - based diff between two strings.
Get the location of the specified object.
Display an error message.
EnhancedNeighbours fit_sample test.
Perfom the columns of the ORM.
Display a binary IP address.
Start the sqlalchemy engine.
Given a list of segmented_topics return a list of top ids.
Recursively merges new_items into base_items.
Convert RGB values to HSV values.
Run the client setup job on the specified test directory.
Test the format of the config.
Returns a list of all the directories leading up to the given path.
GetcraftedGcode from text.
Get a flavor by its ID.
A wrapper around json. dumps that uses ansiblejsonencoder
Install a package from a broken wheel.
Add a new group.
Return the times of the CPU on the machine.
Given a resource name describe its cache clusters.
Test file encodings.
Check the sanity of the configuration.
Sample the resources.
Change password form.
Validates that the plugin_klass implements all the methods declared in the plugin_klass.
Set the content of a container.
Make a certificate request for the given domains.
Get the OS ID for the current system.
Get datasets from a deployment.
Check if libcloud and netaddr dependencies are installed.
Parse response as JSON.
Set the state of a package
Try to run a set of functions on an object.
Return a unicode object from the given text.
Enable theming of the mako templates.
Load a JSON file.
Returns the value for key from args or None if the key is not present.
Convert a coordinate to an action.
Run ifconfig test.
Returns the disk bus name for a disk device.
Setup traditional scsgate switches.
Create a widget object for the given module and widget name.
Return a pretty string representation of any object.
Hyperbolic tangent of x.
Pretty - print a matrix.
Replace any unnamed groups in the given pattern.
Check if the given directory is a theme directory.
Returns the complex path of the helix.
Returns True if the module is loaded False otherwise.
A wrapper around ast. call that handles strings and strings.
Check if a temporary IP address exists.
Get a role from Postgres server.
move srcfile to destfile
Find the first result of applying a function to an iterable.
Convert a version object to a more useful version object.
Try to locate the given filename or return None if the filename cannot be found.
Execute a runner function.
Convert a number of bytes into a human readable string.
Generate the postfixes of a sequence.
Get a list of profilers.
Check if CUDA is available.
Returns a list of all objects in the system
Return the maximum value of count for each element in the dataset.
Random array of given shape.
Return a requests session
Check if user has permission for doctype or doc.
Return enabled quotas.
Create a Vt100 output object.
Creates a new nameserver. Returns True if successful False if not successful.
Get an attribute from an object.
Generate a hash for the given content.
Read a file from the local filesystem.
Test that the user_ns dictionary is empty and the prompt count is equal.
Create an argument spec for passing to the retry function.
Returns the plurality of the given objects.
Unary operator.
Saves a new model to the database.
Return a dictionary representation of the ANOVA object.
Options for iperf.
Computes the log - likelihood of the observed value of the log - likelihood of the observed data
Return the k - th element of seq ordered from smallest to largest.
Initializes the comparison between the two versions.
Make a query from a query and a list of filters and orders.
Get all the infos for all the groups
Check if the major version is supported.
Compute the minimum copula bv given u v
Processes an element node by its derivation.
Parse a HTTP header.
Search for an existing LXC bridge.
Re - raise the exception as the specified exception or type.
Notify the user of a change in the tree of a document.
Returns True if running under a virtualenv.
Trace the HTML parser.
Test that meshdata returns the vertices and faces square.
Resolve patterns path to absolute path.
Get the current inventory.
Compute targets for a given overlaps and labels.
Return a string representation of x or None if x is None.
Set the mux settings for a vlm_instance.
Encode a string using base64.
Add a mpd tracklist entry.
Cast parameters from the context to the given schemas.
Create a docker client.
Trialize the given factors with the given candidates.
Returns True if profile_image is included in the request.
Delete a folder.
Decode a cookie value.
This demo shows how to use recursivedescentparser.
Iterate over all tests in a suite.
Get protocol from settings.
Delete documents from an index.
Check for no audit log.
Run a script with a bad algo option.
Generate a map from file paths to their mtimes.
Find all unittest. TestCase instances in the given package that match the given mask.
Copy stat information from src to dst.
Create a configuration file for zones.
Index page.
Download filename to work_directory if it doesn t already exist.
Normalize a URI reference.
Return a list of color names.
Convert string to lower case string.
Asserts that num_ is a valid chain of strings.
Persist the named value in the config file.
Detect distro from registered probes.
Add a module to the checker.
Pretty print a Python object.
Return a list of rising exploreitems.
Create credential resolver.
Get the name of the user field of the profile model.
Strip variants from an address.
Returns the locale string for the given locale.
Update localsiteprofile and group review counts to none.
Validate a file.
Test that html is rendered correctly.
Convert an internal date string to a time tuple.
Construct the came from from the environment.
Remove senderkey from connections and senders.
Merge a list of C3 sequences into a single list.
Reshape an array to a 2D array.
lixian export - download - urls
Remove version number from href.
Send notification after ticket purchase.
Verify a file.
Setup the application.
Temporarily restores the warnings state of the given module.
Encode unicode_data for XML writing.
Returns True if polarity of s is positive
Set the amount of idle time until the computer sleeps. Pass Never of Off to never sleep
Run the repos command and return a list of dicts
Returns True if running in a local environment.
Return a list of users.
Return a pretty version of the OS release.
Cleans up S3 bucket
Flatten a nested dictionary into a generator.
Get the default profile image URLs.
Reverse the keys and values of a dictionary.
Given a list of keys and a prefix match the keys against the prefix and return a list of
Get the proxy stream.
FFT - out chunk representation.
Return the value of the specified section and parameter for the specified file.
Remove an entry from the configuration file.
Check if the given group ID or name is the effective group.
Return event data.
Return a list of all messages that have been received from the server.
Transpose an array in place.
Returns a unique key for accessing the permission config for the given view class.
Prompt user for admin cookie.
Parse machine input.
Return a range of num_ items between start and end.
Returns the style value for the specified key in the specified element.
let str_ command_let command_let num_
Get information about a role.
Record the usage of the given time_slice.
Moves tables from src_manager to dest_manager.
Test if a == b.
Return the version of the installed package.
Copy and append data.
Duplicate the square root of a field.
Return the latest package name.
Convert path to lower case.
Cancel a card hold.
Return the name of the virtual environment.
Create a lock file if it doesn t exist.
Creates an assignment tag that represents the concatenation of the first and the second argument.
Entry point for the script.
Verify that a packagefinder. packagefinder. packagefinder. packagefinder. packagefinder. package
Set the hostname and persist it if persist is True
Get the daemons configuration from the daemons. rc file
IQR of a sequence of numbers.
Stub a certificate for verification.
Get the value of a given index in a collection.
prepares the apt file
Convert search torrent to JSON format.
Percentile value of an array.
Check if array a is sorted ascending.
Run a child process that checks the lockfile.
Get a validator by name.
Return the user and group for libvirt
Return the version of vtk.
Validate that value is positive.
Setup knxip tunnel
Bottleneck block reduction subgraph.
Given a domain name return the corresponding zone object.
Render a piece of code in PEP440 style.
Return a list of design documents for the current user.
Base64 encode a string.
create a new database
Calculate the entropy of the stenergy energy of a time series.
processxmlelementbyfunction - Processes an XML element by calling the manipulationfunction with the target
Get standby timeout in minutes.
Remove a file or directory.
Validates that the value is not blank.
Decorator for C functions that return ctypes void pointers.
Reads a clip file from a file - like object.
Creates a client for working with cloud monitoring.
Find a health check that matches the wanted one.
Generate test files for each format in fmts.
Wake a stuck flow.
Get the version data for a given URL.
Return a platform token for the current platform.
Parse repeat format and option from tform.
Get a single content item from the database.
Build a graph from a set of fasta files.
Connect to the Facebook account.
Run an x11 command on the specified node.
Round a number up to a specified number of digits.
Checks if the distribution is an ubuntu distribution.
Renders the critical checks snippet.
Returns the MPD format of the tracklist.
Normalize a column by removing the median.
Installs an addon s requirements file.
Load application from file.
Update cloudpipe configuration.
Return a datetime. datetime object for the given date hour minute second.
Returns a list of tracks for the given track_id.
Returns a list of groups that the user belongs to.
Check if the driver interface is compatible with the host agent types.
Test slugify to see if it s an ascii string.
Get cache from session.
Returns the path to solrctl or none if solrctl is not installed.
Reexec the current python executable.
Set up oslo logger.
Verify that we can uninstall packages before upgrade from a URL.
Filter bad release names.
Return the image to use for the vm
Get all shows with the exact name normalized.
Find a stored ticket for the specified bridge.
Return True if the expression is a square root expression.
Return a cgidict from a parsed url object.
Generates the RST file for each file in src_dir.
Return a list of backup files.
Return True if the given value is negative.
Return a basis function for the given genotype.
Clears the jinja2 environment and lexer caches
A newline token.
Returns the html for the preview image.
Return the style dict for the element.
Tracks the given event.
Get the installer for the specified module.
Get the current location.
Gaussian blurring to an image.
Imports the specified module and returns a dictionary of attributes and docstrings.
Retrieve fullname information from S3.
Run pip test format priority.
Count the differences between actual and expected based on all the purpose.
Load a certificate from a byte string.
List all snapshots for all virtual machines in the specified domain.
Get the argspec of a function.
Get all the roles assigned to a user.
Set up the application.
makeandboxonprodresponse returns str_type
Square root of x.
Get all user attempts where the user is trusted.
Get the absolute number of a show given its season and episode number.
Find the ISO SR ID for a given host.
Export languages. json file
Load licenses from file and ensure they exist.
View for a single account.
Deterministically convex polynomial.
Interpret the image using the EXIF codec.
Cancel a primitive function of degree n in field de.
Return a dictionary of swapping process memory.
Update the ssl config with the values from opts.
Return the short name of a NetURI.
Executes a CLI command on the remote host.
Clear uuids for documents that do not have one.
Validates the given handlers.
Find the kernel for the given path.
Create a socket and connect.
Load the data and return a Dataset.
Create a file at the specified path.
Run dssp on a pdb file.
Third order Chiang - Huang test.
Get the user secrets manager.
Split a key - value pair from a string.
Return whether or not the module is virtual.
Create a directory if it doesn t exist.
Return the bounds of a list of sizes.
Translate a translation matrix.
Rename a key.
Start viewer if filename is specified.
Return a test suite.
Convert an RGB string to a 256 color string.
Decode a hex encoded address.
Instrument a class as a declarative class.
Main entry point for the analyzer.
Get disk size.
Run ovs delete_neutron_ports.
Uploads the execution summary to the store.
Check that the given octet is a valid Quopri header.
Evaluate the given op_to_evaluate over the given batch_size.
Computes the manual derivative of a function with respect to a symbol.
Promote latest release to the latest version.
Create a mock aiohttp client.
Create a Cloudpipe project.
Makes the specified directory and all its sub - folders.
Return a connection object to the Storage API.
View function that handles login requests.
Update the last activity time for the user in the team membership
Return a request layer for the given path_info.
Add a crossfade command.
Write data to a file.
Generate a random asset metadata object.
Run binskim.
Return the number of followers of the user.
View for a user.
Populate collectors with collectors from the specified coldir.
Recursively imports all submodules and submodules of the specified module.
Get the label for a field of a model.
Test neighborhoodcleaningrule with wrong number of neighbors.
Return the auth module
Return a list of dicts where the key is the value and the value is the item.
Check if the namespace is visible.
Given a heightgrid return a heightgrid where each row is a list of heights.
Return an expression that divides two values.
Open directory in a directory browser
Set the timezone
Return a bugreport for the current application.
Jump to the previous window
Return a monomial exponentiation of a.
Get svn revision.
Runs the example.
Returns a function that can be used to track a student s task.
Same as reverse but add str_ to the kwargs.
Create a filesystem.
List all SGFs in a directory.
Validates a list of domains.
Verify that all indices of an object are unique.
Get virtual interface by instance uuid and network id.
Yield tuples of method name and message on service clients.
Returns the absolute path to the given relative path relative to the project root.
Returns a JSON response containing a list of objects.
Check if the downloaded file is in complete vs. complete.
Find the disk in the libvirt domain.
Encode images using the model.
Concatenate url and args.
Get the status of the user associated with a token.
Assign a random topic category to resource.
Install the bootstrap script.
Write a fake ring to disk.
Checks if the given string is in the animals list.
RZ test.
Initialize parameters for afflayer.
Generate a project list file.
Get the tagname of an element.
createfilter - Filter a list of tasks
Create a SpyderAction instance.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of b in a.
Parse a signed request.
Recursively merge a mapping into a new mapping.
Runs the given function on the given object and puts the result in the results queue.
Return an absolute version of the given path.
Create an edgelist from a graph.
Check the remaining quotas for the user.
Update an existing search document in the index.
Reimplemented to auto - up the previous history or previous completion.
Returns a list of locations for the current user.
Get the ico triangulation of a grade.
Test loglocator with set_params.
Break simple sub - text into scores and key.
Return the base64 - encoded digest of the given sha.
A worker that pushes raw buffers to the receive thread.
Return a generator of tokens that are not stopped.
Create a WSGI resource.
Return a set containing all words in a page.
Check if the user has permission to view a document
Add params to querystring.
Corrupt a string of bytes.
Return a smart path for the given string.
Clean up caffe_pb2. netparameter
Returns a list of paths from the given items.
Summarymarize a string.
Find a migration repository by name.
Test video embedding.
Stop dumping all processes.
Draws a rounded rectangle
Return the hold for the given line.
Repair the central directory of a ZIP file.
Update an image
Get the field info for a concrete model.
Given a mime - type and a list of parsed media - ranges return the fitness and quality of
Get all the overrides for a given CCX.
Verify the checksum of a buffer.
Generate a discrete sequence of length n using a discrete distribution.
SMTP routing.
Return human readable time.
Handles pointers in Python 3.
Filter lines_enum to lines that match skip_requirements_regex.
Create a new wrapper function for model.
Generate a unique ID for the given user.
Show a keypair.
Modify tags on a node.
Returns the virtual class for the current environment.
Create a new node and an action.
Run Sphinx extension.
Display information about the bot.
Get the goal controller.
Convert a multidict to a dictionary.
binds context to a group
Minimize a function using the NCG problem.
Returns the Oracle Oracle requirement string.
Return a set of clients to test.
Returns the ith item from mylist or the default.
Permute a list.
Test theano shared constructor for a float32.
Load a SVM model from a pickle file.
Given a clip and looppath return the simplified looppath.
Kills the old process if it exists.
L1 norm of a tensor.
URL encode a list of items.
Write external book relationship to XML.
Returns the result of divmod between x and y.
Mask telemetry events with a specified mask.
Prints the NANDS string.
Returns a tuple consisting of a boolean and a string indicating whether or not the virtual environment is
Write data to a memory file.
View to see if a user is currently spam.
This function adds a new collar - thickness derivation to the isotropic element
Convert a string to a slug.
Execute a plan.
Create a new node
Validate that s is a list of strings.
Returns the URL for a local resource for a particular XBlock instance.
Get the current language tag node.
Create a featurelist of integers from a list of values.
Error tracker for null error messages.
Generate a new ClientLog URL.
Returns an Artofillusion object from the given XML parser.
Returns a list of human - readable labels for the given synsets.
Split the surds of a polynomial expression.
Find the number of max occupancy node in a list of directories.
Hessian with rosen - hessian
Remove tags from value.
Check if the device belongs to a valid partition.
move and symbolic link a file
Make the rowkey for a scan scan.
Get the tags associated with an instance uuid.
Get the configuration for the current backend.
Find the notifier method signature or methodsignature of an object property.
Returns a list of snippets for the given filename and function name.
Create a new course.
Lift a loop IR modifying the input and output blocks.
Get the version number of the specified file.
Hash an OpenSubtitles file.
Lookup the CNAME for a domain.
Setup the platform.
Run the Salt SPM tool.
Get the street address of an organisation.
Check if the number of exclusive options is less than num_.
Add a node to the cluster
Return information about the certificate
Create a new signing keyset.
Returns a tuple containing the boolean value and the string name of the virtualenv.
Record the result of a successful exchange.
Root mean absolute error.
Readline bridge.
Add serializer errors to the field_errors dict.
Build initiator target map.
Change the name of a database command.
Get a finder for the given import_path.
Calculate the linear least - squares solution of the lut.
Download a file from a remote host.
Add a user to the LDAP database.
Create slice objects for a range of num_ items.
Return a copy of a with the prefix removed.
Create a named temporary file.
Load a multi - database.
Returns a list of the most recently published paginated pages.
Return the cross product of all input lists.
Unpacks a source string.
Fork a process using win32.
Decorrelation of a symmetric positive definite matrix.
Detach volume from the host.
Read a. hc file.
Generate a 32 - bit secret.
Returns a new instance of the new repository.
Create a new string buffer.
Verifies the sizes of the data.
Display the name of the module.
Return a formatted string to be used as a warning message.
Return a list of match conditions for the given doctype.
Get the units units name and spheroid for a given spatial reference.
Sanitize redirect_to if it is a valid host.
Pre - compute st windows.
Average precision.
Clear the cache.
Create a new group type.
Returns the roots of a linear function.
Create a diff between two objects.
Get download speed limit.
Set the date attributes of an object.
Check if an object is hashable.
Return a list of sorted file extensions.
Show the options.
Convert a resource to a variable.
Parse remainder arguments.
Build text source for a wedge from a dataframe.
Parse the given trustrootpath.
Prints help for all registered commands.
Create a new package in the specified project.
Run a single S3 job
Get the style attribute of a node.
Create a query from a rel object.
Returns the alias for the given class.
Squared difference.
Parse SQLite table schema.
Returns the string representation of an ACL flag.
Returns a list of popular URLs.
Commits the current transaction.
Iterate over all installed windows services.
Return whether the user is following a dataset.
Get the status of a task in a vm state.
Delete a tenant.
Get the directory where Galaxy tests will be stored.
Returns a list of disabled modules.
Test that django_util. render_injected works.
Set the GID of the running process.
Destroy an instance.
Return api_version or None.
Get a list of valid path names.
Return the full path to the makefile for the current platform.
Return a 500 HTTP response for a technical exception.
Iterate through a sequence of numbers.
Collapse a WS envelope into a single SOAP envelope.
Teardown the test database.
Flatten a nested dictionary.
Convert a sequence of objects to safe strings.
Get package data.
Add a Swig library to the blade module.
Convert a string to a formatted string.
Calculate loop areas in descending order of area.
Unescape doctests.
Filter for public email.
Generate a version 3 UUID based on MD5 hash of namespace and name.
Switch to a request.
Replace options in rep_doc with those in opts.
Default handler for set_tax.
Calculates the separators and indices of the tables.
Returns the path to the given git head if it exists.
Convert stts tag to penntreebank.
Like str. lstrips but returns the result.
Update the status of the parent doc.
Groups the tokens in tlist according to cls. m_open and cls. m_
Get the minimum of two complex numbers
Return a copy of the given dictionary with all meta - keys prefixed with the given prefix removed
Samples from 2d or 3d.
Ctrl + Shift + Shift + Shift + Shift + Shift +
Stops the specified service.
Validates that the update dictionary starts with the given string.
Copy a transcript from one course to another.
Check that the name is valid.
Set the http wrapper.
Return data to a redis server
Check if the arguments are valid.
Extract i18n information from command line options.
Returns a new instance of the widenrepository.
Return the version tag for the current Python version.
Writes the chain text to a file.
Ensure that the named cluster is present.
Send a signal to the minion
Dedent the initial part of a string.
Get a spacewalk session.
Returns the manager class for the django_engine.
Show the details for a specific instance.
Generate a random date and time for the crontab.
Profile the context.
Create a temporary file.
Check all identities in the database every auth_check_interval seconds.
Returns a set of all free gens that contain the given symbol.
Find the compute host that matches the host_ref.
Compare a list of optimizers with one another.
Service all rx messages in the stack
Create a deferred class for the given model and attributes.
Unpack a CLI argument into a Python value.
Split digest auth data.
Sobel_h filter with vertical orientation.
Update an instance in the database.
Validate the configuration.
Returns True if the current user can access the self - blocks of the course.
Return a tuple containing a boolean value and a string indicating whether or not the module has been imported
Runs the JSON - Reporting tool.
Display a list of sale orders statuses and massform.
Compile file_contents and return a checked version of it.
Remove leading and trailing whitespace from a multiline string.
If Series. argmax is called via the numpy library the third parameter in its signature is out
Return a string of length t where t is a string of length n.
Test the bootstrapping of a random variable.
Copy volume glance metadata to snapshot.
List mounted mounts on the system
Get BTRFS filesystem information.
Deep base test that wins over dependents.
Get the build platform.
Process an XML element representing a shape file.
Return a dict of fields that have changed between two dicts.
Check if the free space of the given file is smaller than the given size.
Get the details for the etag file.
Create a signing keyset for the given secret.
Find the smallest remainingsurroundingloop that is closer to the desired location.
A boolean - valued column property that specifies whether the specified columns should be deferred.
Write unpaired reads to sff_fh.
Generate the table of contents for a page.
Returns the name of the database the specified file is in.
Return a re. compile object for the given pattern.
Get the version of the given b58check address.
Convert a dictionary into a tuplized dictionary
Creates a new user in the network.
Test managed file mode keep.
Check if the provider is configured
Get all the ancestors of the given pe_id.
Modified from twisted. web. cookies. cookiejar.
Decrypt the given data with the given key.
Load the results directory.
Returns a redirected URL for the given URL.
Query for all comments.
Split a list into chunks of size n.
Block the currently unblocked entry.
Process a bitmap file.
Demangle a file name so that it ends in bup_normal or bup_
CONGESTION CONTROL Section 9. 2. 1
Return the interface string for the host.
Calculates the garbage content of a sequence.
Creates a new rule for a security group.
Rewrite URIs for providers.
Safely join paths to a base directory.
Return the q - score for a given pi k w codon_lst.
Given a mime - type and a list of parsed media - ranges return the fitness and quality of
Get demographic information for S3 bucket.
Add two dictionaries by key.
Add subdomains to the kargs if necessary.
Returns True if search_opts contains a value that evaluates to True.
Subtract num_ from each element in tup.
Use a behave or user context with a specific mode.
Generates a three - dimension scatter plot.
gth_solve with a non - 2 dimensional array.
Create a matplotlib patch.
Send a message asynchronously.
Send an AlarmEvent to the bot.
Test the test function for ge1p10.
Get photometer object by name.
Associates a fixed IP pool with an instance.
This function adds the help page to the menu.
Check if the LRC checksum of data equals check.
Make a paginated API response.
Setup the coordinator driver.
Return netbsd gpu data
Set pcap to use select instead of select.
Reload lettuce when import fails.
Return the path to the data directory for the specified component.
Disassociate an API key from a list of stagekeys.
Transform an exp - likelihood decomposition to a finite difference decomposition.
Return a urllib2. urlopen for the given url.
compare a value with a version.
Check if the current matplotlib is interactive.
Attach custom issue attributes to a queryset.
Get the script name from WSGI environment.
Search for SMILES or TREMBbl in text.
Create a new frappe site.
Percent encode a string for use in URLs.
Return recommendations for a user.
User pre - save signal handler.
Convert playplayers data to ordereddict
Get client options.
Get the vertical overlap span of an element.
X - axis label for a given epoch_axis.
Run the server.
Get the default timezone.
Return a URI relative to another URI.
Remove key from config and convert to str if valid.
meetinglink command example.
Returns a vim. VirtualMachine object for the given vm_name.
Load a gradient boosting model.
Send confirmation email for pre - registration - completion.
Perform a Wikipedia search and return a list of results.
Returns a list of RAPIDSM handlers.
Convert tune2fs_dict to xfs_mkfs_option.
Validator for unique field.
Expand variables in a polynomial expansion.
Ensures that the given attribute exists in the given context. If it does not set the attribute
Pre - prediction function.
Returns the source code synopsis for the specified file.
Returns True if the short_number can be dialed from the region.
Temporarily disable the excepthook.
Detect the operating system
Normalize brightness error between two images.
Redirect a page n times.
Return a branch of results.
Obtain the device type from a model.
Get the arguments of a function.
Test the operator export method.
Check whether the f - graph contains softmax ops.
Updates the given visualizer with the batch of vis_batch.
Processes an element node by its derivation.
Convert a size string to bytes.
Determines if a module shall be skipped based on the options.
Sends an e - mail and returns the response.
Test that we can not fix a bug in python3.
Left and right of an audio clip.
Install the gtk2 reactor.
Convert text to bytes.
Metablock tag handler.
Slice obj by a and b in Python 2.
Source tmux configuration files.
Create an artifact for the given entity_id.
Login to the InfluxDB server.
Ensures that the named user does not exist
Delete a scan.
Returns a list of transfers that intersect the given loop.
Fetch inventory data.
Return the groups with the most popular actions.
Return network io counters.
Return a UTF - 8 string representation of a thing.
Convert path to unicode if necessary.
Get the version from the version file.
Return the version of distutils.
Create a subprocess object from a command line.
Loads a certificate keypair and certificate from the specified path.
Return True if derived is out of date with original.
Return a list of all users in the MySQL server.
Evaluates the given space and hp_assignment.
Show the details of an existing snapshot.
Displays whether restart and freeze are enabled or not.
Generate a symmetric polynomial.
Create a ctypes array of given shape and type filled with floats.
Recursively convert a value to a number of decimals.
Make tags in proper format.
Get the current language tag node.
Get epochs from the raw FIF file.
Get base64 encoded HTML5 ZIP from URL.
Get the element at the given rank.
Extract snmp value.
Validates that value is a string type.
Yield GPI - like objects from a file handle.
Generate a protogo source command.
Assert command output contains text multiple times.
Update a group type.
Create or get an Elastic IP address.
Return a tuple of the unfinished word and the word itself.
Determines the keyword arguments for the list portion of the command.
Get a list of all the akas languages in a movie.
Entry point for the script.
Test that settings and apps are not passed in the output.
Return True if the URL has an explicit scheme and no path components.
Runs a step and asserts that it fails when the step runs.
Set up logging for the given product.
URL quote a string.
Similar to redirect but uses default S3 headers.
Return the path to the dot - mavproxy environment directory.
Converts a volume ID to an EC2 volume ID.
XOR two bytearrays.
Find a file on the minion that matches the specified path.
Returns a list of command tuples for a client.
Compare actual and expected media types.
Returns a pretty formatted string representation of the given sentence.
List the runners available on the minion
Disassociate an instance profile from a role.
litecoin hook.
Returns a list of all profiles in the given path.
Deletes a metadef property
Add an application with an attached volume.
Returns a tuple of a boolean and a string indicating whether or not the virtual environment is virtual.
Returns True if the given agent is fuzzy enough for the current environment.
Expand environment variables in a path.
Recreate instances in a Mig.
Returns a list of all bear names.
Return the length of a base64 string.
Encode a value using base58check.
Handle resize video error.
Validate a password against a set of password validators.
Returns a string containing XML for a successful Junit test.
Returns a dict of the same type but with the specified values replaced with their default values.
Return the identity of an object.
Given an article returns whether the article can be assigned to the user.
Cache call signatures.
dataset_list_tables dataset_list_tables query
Show the value of a key.
Setup the platform for simplisafe.
Get the pathname of a module or sub - module.
Determine the maximum length of a line.
Fetch the given URL.
Translate a variable expression.
Test that we don t have stdlib collections in py3.
Compute the kurtosis of an array.
Get a course by its ID.
Start the babysitter server.
Return whether or not the system is virtual.
Initialize the master working set.
Inject the net into the filesystem.
Copy local config file to config_path
Create PTPs and PyTPs.
Test cv. service_schema.
Test that features are specifed in the inner directory.
Convert a polynomial function to a meijerg function.
Check if a path is inside any of a list of loops.
Check method of estimator.
Create a number of random bytes and print it on stdout.
Query the database.
Installs nodejs if the current version is different from the passed version.
Returns the fpart of x.
Get the size of a stream.
Configure the VIF host backends for HW or VEB.
Clone a repository.
Check for redundant virtual variables.
Run tscript in a test environment.
Prompt user to explore account for folder flags
Create a multiprocessing pool.
List the contents of the specified user s incrontab.
Initializer list.
Load example module.
Return True if the widget is in aquartz window.
Convert list - like objects to timedelta64.
Convert a bool to a bytearray.
Returns a string representation of the alignment.
Pad labels with zeros at the end along the time axis.
Negative geometrical approximation of f over p.
Parse a path expression.
Callback for port range options.
Returns the SSL adapter class for the given name.
Instrumentor init event handler.
Add two numbers.
Parses a reader macro and expands it.
Asserts that the strings in reference_str and test_str are equal.
Get the city code from the request headers.
Find cryptomaps in a cisco. conf file.
Convert a URL to an integer.
Returns the CCX for a coach in a course.
Return the sort key for the given sq_operator.
Update the package database with the contents of the opkg_path.
Call XenAPI to ensure host is correct.
Convert the given value to bytes with the given encoding.
Unset a role for a user.
Displayed if a page is missing.
Builds a base64 encoded image from data.
Context manager for cinder except statements.
Open a test client and click a user and passwd.
Split title into title and year.
Exponential random variates.
Format a number using I18N s format_number function.
Registers a inclusion tag that renders the given template with the given args.
Least - power - of - 2 polynomial subtraction.
Builds an HTML page from the given text.
Fix connectivity problem.
Run the function f on a BC01 dataset.
Return the html content of the specified css selector.
Register a contributor.
Optimized implementation of DLMP primitive.
Returns creation_only_option.
Start a glanceswebserver.
Convert the request body to a string.
Expression name.
Returns a deterministic value for the given table name and max value.
Add a command to the command list.
Get all IAM role details starting at the optional path.
Get preferred environment encoding.
JSON output handler
Return a dict of module names to file paths.
Test that the AST cant get the wrong value.
Returns a single - level output from the given data.
Ensures that the bridge does not exist eventually deletes it.
Test that the translation is not in Django 1. 7.
Parses a usage - specific string.
Get a list of all sharing strategies.
Get available languages.
Run a shell command.
Save the current state of the minion
Unpack a ZIP file into a directory.
Execute a function on a list of objects in parallel.
Stop the named service.
Create a new user in PostgreSQL.
Recursive function to normalize a formset dict.
Returns a human - readable string representing the delta between two timestamps.
Generate a string representing the current user.
Compute the signature for the given message.
osquery file table
Resizes a bitmap to the specified height.
Returns a list of tuples containing filenames and contents of python source files.
Get a connection to nova
Create an instance of the Google Logging API adapter.
Attach a list of task statuses to a queryset.
Filters the input harrisim array to return only the points within the specified distance threshold of
Decrypt data with AES - Cbc.
Run initdb command.
Upgrade a bill.
Get the windowposition of a given folder.
Updates an image member.
Remove a zone slave from the master device.
Initialize declarative list
Test dictionary to idict conversion.
Monitoring the virtual machine.
Run a command in a working directory.
Iterate over all platform files in a directory.
Distance matrix clustering.
Make a base directory if it does not exist.
Returns a random number in the local system.
Choose a channel inverse operator from a list of channel names.
Delete a group.
Remove the reference type from the string t.
Return a random string of colors from a list of strings
Convert a Python code object to a bytesio file.
Returns True if the number can only be dialled from outside the region.
Duplicate the RR coefficients for a LCM.
Deletes a namespace and all its content from the database.
Load a horse image.
Start a new simulation.
Get points within a given radius of a curved path.
Test that a record is not found in the caplog
Unquote a string.
Chooses a random ncv.
Read the contents of a file.
Entry point for the command line tool emailmigrationsample.
Get the location of the Dropbox folder.
Crawl the default fabfile and see if it s a task.
Return a template for the given value.
Chebyshev distance.
Check if the named service is enabled.
Convert a POSIX format string to a LDML string.
Test the gas cost of an EIP150 opcode.
Choose a node from a list of nodes.
Returns the datetime format for the given locale.
Extract valid arguments from a function call.
Show if cached template tag.
Serializes an event for the given user.
Stores the rendered templates in the store.
Create a test environ builder.
Run hexbin on an input file and write it out.
Invert the monomials of a polynomial.
Test the contravariance function.
Add DM count to bards and return the result.
Yields all files under str_.
Parse the response for an asynchronous operation.
Wrap a socket only once.
Handler for qute - help
Return a list of all roles
Get indices for a contour given an effect index and number of factors.
Return platform information as a dictionary.
Return a list of path elements for the given resource.
Yield tuples of example filename and name.
Flatten a nested list.
Returns the total number of cells for the inline admin form.
Get the name of the parent theme file.
Validate image parameters.
Get a JVM runner for the given main.
Find the path to the duplicate challb based on the given preferences.
omni_normtest is a wrapper for stats. normaltest.
Check if the current platform supports color.
Setup the platform.
Get repository metadata by repository id and changeset revision.
Create a thread with the given name and connection.
Parse an expat - formatted string.
Return a test suite.
log all request headers
L21 norm of a.
Install a python module.
Move a file or directory.
Run the a11ycrawler test suite.
Create a new quantum pool
Unquote a quoted string.
Print usage and exit with a parsing error.
Make a labeled form entry.
Coerce string to unicode if necessary.
Manage all imported files under the given path.
Given a list of tokens and a dictionary of local and global dictionaries apply functions to each token
Create a networkx graph for the given action_context.
Unfollow a thread
Multiply a number by a two - way number.
Recursively copy contours from one glyph to another.
Given a list of securitygroupnames return the securitygroupid.
Return a list of configuration options.
Returns a truncated tetrahedron graph.
Return a list of nodes that are available on the cloud using a select query.
Count the number of times x appears in v.
Create a link node for a GitHub pull request.
Run migrations online.
Unmounts the given mount target.
Rejection line.
Test the LSTM masking layer.
Convert the given XML element with the given geometry output into the output format.
Publish an exploration activity.
Setup the platform.
Get the current email date as a string.
Convert a password to a dictionary.
Set the console mode for the specified file descriptor.
Generate the mac for the poisoning report.
Detect if code is blacklisted.
list_not_state wrapper.
Test find_module for Python 2.
Decorator that closes all test sockets before calling the wrapped function.
Prompt the user for input until a valid input is received.
Returns a random number between start and stop.
Convert xls cell string to row col absolute values.
Strip the handshake from the capfile.
Get the status of the engine.
Remove a playlist.
Create test index if it doesn t exist.
Seed a non - shared migration.
Parse the given expression and return an expression object.
Return the number of seconds since now until d.
Get a SQLAlchemy sessionmaker.
Check if a path matches one of the exclude patterns.
Get the list of public certificates.
Download a corpus if it exists.
Returns the media file path for the given instance and media filename.
Convert a record from the DC format to a dictionary.
Set a value in the request namespace
Construct snap name for a volume.
Run a command and capture its output.
Monkey patch urllib3 to support ssl_wrap_socket.
Set obey_over18 to True or False
Create a new figure manager given a figure.
Nvlist2 generator.
Emulates mkdir - p.
Given a bucket name put a bucket acl.
Returns the hyperbolic tangent of an integer.
Return the number of footprints of the given object.
Call a redis command and return the return value.
Replace typevars in arg with tvars in args.
Trigger a build for a project.
Generate a nonce key.
Build the install args to be passed to the install command.
Check if the given user has permission to manage the given project.
Given a base value return the corresponding datetime. datetime object.
Markembling colour.
Initialize the earlyinit module with a custom error handler.
Get the top rated exploration summaries
Create a connection to a remote host.
Return a logger instance.
Get host for replication group.
Apply a decorator to a function.
Build the server url.
Rastrigin s scaled variant.
Generate a URL for the given arg.
Return the code and stride for a given frequency string.
Search for media.
Return a SQL representation of an object.
Multiply a right - hand - side of a variable.
Pickles the nearest pickleable exception that can be pickled.
Clipboard selection is not supported.
Compute the dot product of two vectors.
Context manager to handle localization errors.
Returns the poster for the video.
Get the current global dictionary and local dictionary stack.
Assert that two URIs are equal.
Check if there are any extra requirements that need to be installed.
Returns a multiprocessing backend for the given file.
Convert unicode string to unicode string.
List all sources for a zone.
Compare two revisions.
Return True if m and n are disjoint.
Create a generator for the given kind.
Patches the emr. list_steps method to patch the clustertimeline attribute.
Adds or removes a certificate exception.
Setup the platform.
Initialize the socket.
Convert index coefficients to lpol.
Get resource limits for the remote host.
Read sound rate and sound table from file.
Check that the value is a valid numpy array or float.
Setup the Windows platform.
Wrapper for talib sma.
Binary expression.
Return the auto login status.
Monkeypatch tarfile. copyfileobj to support copyfileobj.
test html generator
Attempt to fix up ssl. SSLContext object for the given host.
Add product endpoint.
Check Mayavi version.
Get remote URLs for all installed apps.
main function for showing projectionslinesandcircles.
Returns a lru_cache for the default timezone.
Convert a datetime object to a string.
If the value of the tag is not equal to the value of the tag.
Get the non - intersecting gridpoint line.
Set system info value
Returns a dictionary of references for the given field in the given table.
Get a logging handler.
Returns a list of SQL statements for the given app.
Load a sprite image
shelter_type of shelter
Determines the type of padding output based on the kernel parameters.
Return a list of all configuration directories on the system.
get_init fails if init is None
Returns the complement of the given sequence.
Returns the number of seconds until expiration.
Assert that we have AWS environment variables.
Disconnect Facebook.
Trigger a scheduler event.
Unpack a directory.
Generate a verification key.
Set the current operating system.
Decide whether to keep the message.
Returns the largest of the given numbers.
Convert x to a string using the encoder.
Initialize the metric module.
Convert a rotation to an angle in degrees.
Wait until the specified package is ready to receive messages.
Sample from a 2D array using a function f.
Compare two brackets.
Run the Spyder test suite.
Revoke admin privileges.
Returns certificate request object
Add a prefix to each line of a given string.
Add network to a server
Remove the expo number from the intpart and fraction.
Get the version number of the installed package.
Evaluate a cond expression.
Returns True if readline is available False otherwise.
Get the root directory of the mock.
Given a year month dayofweek and an integer number of days of the week return the datetime
Resolve a version string to the latest version.
Open a log file.
Return the time of the given month.
Register a new hook handler.
Test page. _detect_screen_size.
Writes out_table to outpath in HTML format.
Find the maximum number of daily commits.
Resolve a function spec to a function object.
Test the labeller function.
Set the virt path.
Fetch grains from grains.
Add Twitter access token to creds_file.
Get the current Babel locale.
Get the marker parameter from the params dict.
Convert a shape object to a geometry.
Return the current tac of the timer.
Exponential log of the mean of exponentials.
Set the LE script version.
Compute the minimum distance from a point on a surface to a coordinate.
Generates a penalty string for the given distance dictionary.
Set the subtensor of x to the value of y.
Build adgroup adgroup operations.
Check if the user should send own updates.
Initialize the viewer for a batch of images.
Calls the binscope binary for the given sample and signature.
Run ninja application.
Returns the review request field for the given field ID.
Parses the given value as a date.
Convert JSON data into a list of play objects.
Get a list of policy names associated with a role.
Sends the inventory data back to the client.
Runs a test case and returns a test result.
Convert a title to a URL.
Process an email message.
Makes a floppy. floppy file with kickstart and preseed.
Resolve a path by expanding escapes and expanding paths.
Return the docstring for a given docstring name.
Join a group of strings.
Build a 1D filter for the given motion parameters comp_norm and outliers
Returns a boolean_ if the verbose value is greater than or equal to the given index.
Count the number of occurrences of each word in a list of documents.
Returns a breadcrumb for the given page.
Return the current user ID.
Returns a list of packages and tests that have been affected for the specified number of hours.
Test the strength of a password.
Run the network and write the output to the writer.
Create the serializers for the given transport.
Authenticate using either a token or a username and password.
Returns the full path to the translation project dir for the given language.
Writes a single line of demultiplexed sequences to a file.
Helper function for random_state. choice.
Python long version of long_join.
Mean square of predictions and true values.
Redirects the current request to the given URL.
Mock event notification context manager.
Print result to stdout.
Connect to AWS cloudwatch.
Find Synchronization Reference from vbd.
Encode a crawl response block.
Get the synonyms for a font extension.
LWTA filter.
Check if the system has isoinfo installed.
Loads the user configuration file.
Match values that are either zero or NaN.
Return the base path for the data directory.
Returns a tuple consisting of a boolean boolean and a string indicating whether or not the module is
Abort with a test exception.
Protect a filename.
Make directory if it doesn t exist.
Echo the methods of a class.
Return a connection to the database.
Fast exponentiation.
Write data to stdout.
Get the zonecode from the system
Show the details of a specific network
Wraps the given SQL clause in parentheses and returns the wrapped text.
Test the sky2pix WCS projection.
Return a valid MAC address.
A generator function for listing versions of a bucket.
Update all the images in the database to match the UUIDs in the database.
Check if the given command is a command.
Given a function name describe its properties.
Parse Python code into a Python syntax tree.
Return the relative path to the config file or make a new one.
Returns the sum of the values in inlist using the mean of inlist.
Return a list of members for a given LBN.
Returns a list of table names.
Create a sort query from a list of sort parts.
Exports the given request_string as HTML.
Remove a file or directory.
Add threading arguments to an argparse. ArgumentParser.
Check if a node exists.
Returns a list of installed solvers.
Returns section_data for student admin section.
Downscales the given images.
Ctrl - C signal handler.
Determine the object that corresponds to the given resource.
Return a list of all directories in sys. path.
Return a pickled version of the exception.
Try to get the version from the environment variable str_.
Returns the number of bezier curve points between begin and end.
Test that a chart has no data with no values.
Returns a local url for the given port.
Return a list of all VMs with full information.
Rendering the s3 tabs for a given resource.
Ping external URLs when an entry is saved.
Register hooks when a module is imported.
pillars module.
Map VBD device prefix to new prefix
Add bootstrap class to the field widget.
Replace placeholders in a string.
Delete an existing RAX load balancer.
Database configuration.
nova_is_not implementation.
Add an author to an addon.
Print an exception with the specified indent and prefix.
Update a counter.
Consume a message and return a list of responses.
Start Tomcat.
Instantiateshooterrback.
Assigns the crowding distances to each individual.
Return a repr string for the given class instance.
Check if the given URL is from the given spider.
Parses the arguments and kwargs of a function call.
Decorator that updates the wrapped function with the given assignments and updates.
Set the current environment namespace.
Create a slice from a string.
Execute a proxy command.
Aggregate two objects.
Return a string that represents the navigation line between two links.
Get a word from a word form.
Return a list of tuples with header value and mua id details.
Iterate over all style files in the given directory.
Create an ARP for an IP address.
This function compares the positions of the events in the eventcollection with those in the original eventcollection
Recursively handle extra fields in payload that are not part of the api_model.
Validate locale.
Polynomial division by the polynomial defined by f and g.
Delete a directory.
Escape a string for use as a shell command.
Return the name of the virtual environment.
Returns True if the given title is a valid feat file.
Record memory usage.
Load a certificate request.
Show information about a virtual machine
Extract the identity response information.
Test that valueerror is raised when there is a non - sum one element.
Prints a summary of the runner and junit results.
Convert a tuple of components into a URL.
Test the authentication process.
Count the number of nonprintable characters in a string.
Run a shell command.
Handle a websocket connection.
Create a context object from the given context.
Returns a list of values for the given cluster.
Build a dictionary of postprocessors.
Get the cli body from the SSH response.
Returns the odds of the given probability.
Delete a named query.
Convert post to verb.
Dispatch the request to the appropriate handler.
Get branch option from kwargs.
Colorize a string using ansible coloring.
Get a shortcut from the conf.
Convert a template to a python script.
Convert post to verb.
Return True if the system is virtual otherwise False.
Sign data with a private key and return the signature.
Parse command line options.
Constructs a request from the given operation number and data.
Two scale plot.
Test that the AST can compile correctly.
Get the net size of a mask.
Test find_number for string.
List all the datacenters for this VMware environment
Return a new profilerepository object for the current profile.
Yields all subclasses of the given class recursively.
Reset the videomode to nogammacorrect.
Wrapper for file parameters.
Returns the length of a string counting characters with a tabwidth of tabwidth characters.
Return a list of not alived objects.
Get the system size.
Set API configuration.
Called when the site is disabled.
Marks the decorated function as unsafe.
Outputs debug information.
Setup the hmswitch platform.
Remove string keys from a dictionary.
Hook for pre - init hook for submodules.
Check if input string is a float.
Resolves a URL using the reverse function.
Generate a password for the postgres database.
Pad a sequence to length n with default.
Binom test for rejecting an interval.
Resolve a subworkflow from a deployment directory.
Collects attributes from all containers and returns them as a single list.
Fix OSMEA GL environment variables.
Main entry point for the script.
Check if any of the models in the model_queue are dependencies of the model.
Checks that the given emails is valid and that each address in the list is valid.
Copy volume glance metadata to a new volume.
Parse a union page.
Create a new paste.
Start the console.
Returns all the cohorts for the given course.
Get the proxy connection details.
Context manager that flocks a lockfile.
Implement elemwise sub - zero optimization.
Estimate a bootstrap distribution for a given value.
Remove file.
Builds a date from a string.
Test the service provider base manager.
Return the lazy loader for the pkgdb module
Encode input with zlib.
Assert commit serialization of all commits in rwrepo.
Execute a function on the minion and return the results.
Check if at is ambiguous.
Format block device mappings.
Patch socket socket select thread ssl httplib and aggressive.
Enable VPN service.
Dedent an interpolation function.
Check if I am allowed to perform this action.
Search disks by lun.
Extract the first IP address in the ipv4 roster.
Compute mean longitude of perigee.
Resize a logical volume
Get the name of the link.
Multiplies two bitstrings.
Return a JSON response containing a null javascript catalog.
Check session cookie and set ckan headers after request.
Make the output directory if it does not exist.
Generate a config file.
Validate user password not empty.
Check symptomusability of fernet key repository.
Download a file from a URL.
Count the number of supplied tokens.
Solve a triangular system using Trig s implementation.
locale_html with xss
List interfaces on a server.
Download the log file.
Get email from GitHub access token.
Enable updates testing for a given distribution.
Check if the given file exists and has access.
Check if the RVM is set
Split a multiplication into fac po and g.
Untag a version string.
Format a number as a string.
Stashes all configuration values into a single dictionary.
Permute an array.
Pretty prints a column that doesn t start with str_.
Returns a list of RDS regions.
Bbox artist artist.
GetcraftedGcode from text using the multiplyskein module.
Reset the module database
Return True if source is newer than target.
Check if the current user is the root user.
Remove a host from the known_hosts file.
Check if the given string is an IPv4 address.
Returns the column name for the given column.
Check the validity of a header value.
About page.
Convert a string color to a triple of integers.
Memoizes the file_map for this node and its children.
Returns a list of payloads that can be run.
Return a list of items limited by a marker.
Fake is_smpl function.
Return a line of text from the given bytes.
Get the RRD string for a vm.
Uploads project to remote server.
Returns True if point is after the first point
Get windowanalyze file given text.
Return a new VoronoiDerivation object for the given element.
Return a list of ipv4 not joined hosts.
Add the build directory to sys. path.
Get all SmVolume objects
Build a servicemanager object for a given JID and port.
Quit a channel.
Get a pack by reference
List files and directories in a directory.
Unescape the given data.
Reads the net_io_counters. txt file and returns a dictionary of tuples
Check if the current request has an associated site theme.
Check if dependencies are missing.
Paginate the queryset.
Run a process on the device and return its output.
Convert a Google search result to a country region and city tuple.
Sends a password reset notice for the specified user.
Complete a filename.
Validate a font family string.
Choose a user from a list of choices.
Set module to persistent state.
List all files in the project directory.
Validate email address.
Check if the given path contains any files that can be read.
Return data to a column family.
Checks if the given list of ints is a list of integers.
Check if two records are paired.
Finds the check class for the given check name and path.
Given a class or alias return the corresponding class object.
True if running in interactive mode False otherwise
Teardown all the databases in old_config.
Get the size of the terminal.
Create a new PKCS115 sigscheme.
Generalized integer generator.
Email admins about progress.
Pretty print the expression using pydoc pager.
Get the current language bidi node.
Get crop geometry of a video.
Check if fmdump is installed.
Get the cloud provider proto.
Generate a cache key for a tile.
Logarithmic random variates.
Read secret from file.
Create a FeedbackMessage from a message model.
Get the value of a lumination change label.
Prints a pretty - printed version of obj.
Makes the query string for the privileges list.
Rename a file or directory.
Get a logger by name.
Disconnect all live receivers for signal and sender.
Validates that the value is a float.
Returns a dictionary of the search results.
Saves an image to disk.
Start the scheduler thread.
Return a list of all the messages found at the given file.
Check if headers contains a given header name.
Delete convergence for the specified template and resource.
Get a list of volume attachments in a project.
Converts row and column numbers in a xlsx file to a string.
Load fixture data from the settings module.
Parse the encoding from the file fp.
Add a logging level and a logging levelname.
Returns a list of paths from trailer1 to trailer2.
Decode a HDFS path into a unicode string.
Attach private projects that are the same owner as the specified user.
Display a list of the result files.
Prepare source for a realm pattern.
Test resize and promo_img_uploader.
A quadratic tween function that accelerates reaches the midpoint and then decelerates
Add vals to the array at index ind.
Check a list of paths asynchronously.
Check if the given name is a legal base name for a resource.
View for adding a task
Guess the filtertable from matsfrom to matsto.
Produce SAX representation of the given element or tree.
Get machine attributes
urllib. quote_plus
Returns a list of driver names.
Strategy for saturation largest first.
Returns a function that returns True if the task is currently working.
Create a filter from a list of parts.
print locals and vars.
Create a connection to the InfluxDB server and query the database.
Convert a rating property.
Wait for the process to finish.
Return a string representation of a hex integer.
Process an XML element.
Print the state of a dag.
Return the hardware address associated with the interface
Runs a shell command and returns the output as JSON.
Post - build static files.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the lock is held or unlocked.
Include a Django template.
Unlock a file.
Get the contact type for the user.
Remove all data from device.
Restart all httpd daemons
Get Zookeeper session.
Return the location with the published revision.
Register a global specialize option.
Filter for external URLs.
Test the brainvision data software filters for global units.
Test that the make_morph_map function works
Read a file containing a double precision array.
Return a bool_ if home is None otherwise raise runtimeerror.
Delete an image attachment.
Writes the chain text to a file.
Initialize tracker module.
Test rendering a quadratic chart.
Matrix multiplication and reduce.
Create a user record.
Exponential weighted log - likelihood.
Tamper a payload.
Plots multiple images together.
Generate a new Git repository.
Returns a rest_controller that requires the current user to perform any required action.
Topologically reorder a list of entries.
Recursively find eggs in zip files.
Test the implementation of instancehardnessthreshold.
Create a shared array of the same shape as the input value.
Return True if value is contained in any of the options.
View all entries.
FileAttachment comments tag.
Computes the result of a real sign operation.
Return a string with the given string.
Returns the depth of each cluster in the cluster.
Create a pyramid application for Soap11.
Crypt data with key.
Guess the correct LLS class based on the payload
Start the specified number of engines on the node.
Register a stream_framework verb
Suspend the machine to disk.
Load the credentials file.
Convert an IP address from binary form into text representation.
Deploys the application to the running jboss instance.
Test the global configuration of pyquery.
Convert hex string to bytes.
Load CSS templates.
Returns a list of fields that can be edited by the user in the context.
Migrate a resource table from HDFS to HDFS.
Get the current revision number.
Return a list of directories for the specified environment
Automatically flush logs to disk.
Get the deployment id for the current appscale deployment.
Set the last_sync_revision on the unit unit and update from disk.
Split an array into multiple sub - arrays.
Reverse a string using the LEX128 algorithm.
Delete a file if it exists.
Parse a HTML file.
Load Pandas data and return as numpy recarray.
Returns the default home directory.
Run a bare WSGI application.
Display action.
Generator for the row of significance for each sample.
Calls the cpplint backup filters in the context of the current thread.
Capitalize the first letter of each word in the given string.
Main entry point for the script.
Parse a struct from a string.
Add an item field.
Returns a matrixtetragrid containing all elements of the matrixtetragrid.
Monkey patch pyclbr functions and classes.
Set up the transports and notifiers.
Run a single check.
Clear all installed samples in the shop configuration.
Raise a comma in Python 3. 0 and return the start and the string as a tuple
GetcraftedText from a text file.
Get vmodl type by name
Check if the lock file with the given name exists.
Open a URL and return a stream object.
Render an error page.
Returns a list of xblocks accessible to the specified user for the specified course.
Run a single test case in the specified mode.
Overlapping cross - validation sequence
Create an option group from a dictionary.
Permissions tag for a specific page.
Return the hash of the minimum tarball.
Expands x along axis and returns result.
Deletes the calendar from the database.
Get product information for a given product code.
Format a warning message.
Context manager for locking a directory.
Determine the module containing the pickle module.
Create a WordNet document from a list of words.
Creates a popular snippet.
Symmetric tridiagonal system solver.
Returns a list of all available serial ports on the machine.
Post - build hook.
Create a new client.
Destroy a reserved reservation.
Add stylesheet to profile.
Reads the reject parameter dictionary from a file.
Unquote a string.
Yield patterns that match the given pattern.
Get the modification time of a file.
Read size bytes from fp and return them as a string.
add num_ to p
Compute the first derivative of the function f over the variables v.
Get demographic data from S3.
uploads a distribution
Default error handler.
Return True if the given plugin name is enabled.
Read bytes and interpret as a string.
Remove the specified volumes from the filesystem.
Validate a value against an opf. json schema.
Add the specified thing to the list of requirements.
Add a task to a taskqueue.
Load a trustroot object from a directory.
Get a single layer from a given name.
Decode a None value.
Get the solution controller.
Deserialize stream_or_string as JSON.
Processes the given element node.
Determine the class of the device.
Return a theano function object.
Run behave. test.
Temporarily patch the search_fields of a model.
Simplifies a parser return.
Load a JSON configuration file.
Get netgear device scanner.
Create a file if it doesn t exist.
Return a dict of all keys and values.
Main entry point for the protein - refractive index script.
Write the adminfile to disk.
Format the final line of an exception for logging.
Initialize the enforcer module.
Stochastic approximation to the stochastic modelanal.
Lookup the LSB release attribute for the given attribute.
Returns a list of recently published exp summary dictionaries sorted by msec.
Get a new flowrepository object for the current workspace.
Create a new index from a protobuf.
Create a list of time slots for the given period and increment.
Load a model by name.
Check to see if the specified environment variable matches the specified value.
Play a media list player.
Set the version attribute of all nodes in the template.
Returns True if the given name is not available in the registry False otherwise.
Computes the tricomplex matrix for the given transform words.
Return the column width of a unicode string.
Check if the file at the given path looks like a tool XML file.
Import neutron modules recursively.
Test timeline timeline. pyquery.
Look for extraneous whitespace in a line.
Delete a memcache file.
Deletes all but the given pages from the given path.
Resizes the given image.
Create a path from a hatch pattern.
Return a list of blockers for the given user.
Update the symlinks for the certificate manager.
Test whether raw data contains str_.
List of available oficial plugins.
Returns the next URL from the request.
Get the blob metadata.
Get a list of settings id s for the given user and site.
Return True if minion is not installed False otherwise.
Split a string into a list of flag strings.
Performs a vote on a user.
Convert a numeric value to text.
Test getting the xdg_dir from the environment.
Logarithm of the difference between numpy arrays a and b.
Require the given context to be logged in.
Explicit PyGI2 integration test for a repository.
Create a REST API.
Log out of the current session and backend session.
Underline a list of regions.
Convert to lower case and convert spaces to hyphens.
Recursively copy a source directory to a destination.
Return the virtual name of the minion.
Report the user s spam.
Install a script that can be edited from bazaar.
Remove a manifestation from the node state.
Recursively walk a scope and all of its subscopes.
Parse an environment string.
Set the appropriate headers on the response.
Set neighbors out_filter for a neighbor.
Returns the least common multiple of two numbers.
If values is a scalar convert it to a dtype if necessary.
Check if any point in pointtable is in loop.
Return the pillar object for the remote minion.
Returns a list of incoming S3 objects
Set the version db for the content types.
Add a new Netlink server
Escape a string for inclusion in a URL.
Lock or steal a document.
Post an entry to the specified database.
Test that we can run a command that doesn t run any apps but letuce without apps.
Create a tf. sequenceexample from two images.
test whether c is True or False
Restrict the forward pass to the vertices of the given stc.
Upload a file to the testcase.
Return the vertex normals of each edge of a vector.
Gaussian function to calculate the spline density of a Gaussian distribution.
Generate triples for a csr_matrix a.
Recursively find skips in all files under the given start directory.
Check if a function is decorated with a property.
Return True if any row in x is null.
Yield egg or source distributions for the given URL.
Creates a voucher object and adds it to the vouchers list
Returns a cluster in a datacenter.
Find a guest by name.
Set location.
Get all the instance types in the system.
Clear all sessions older than max_date.
Move src_path to dest_path.
Calculates the complex rotation and rotation of a triaxial matrix.
Convert text into an opcode.
Disconnect all signals on Entry model.
Given a list of spot instance requests and a list of fulfilled requests wait for them to complete.
Return the hash of the given file.
Prints usage information.
Download an emoji for a repository.
Return a nmapdevicescanner object.
Show all the forms in the current browser.
Wraps attr for accessing the object s location attribute.
Saves the given attachment to the given filepath.
Mark the given value as safe for use in an HTML element.
Check if the user has permission to download changes.
Indent a block of text by spaces spaces.
Add all child objects of a qobject to a list of lines.
Extract capabilities from text.
Check if an IP address has the given alias.
Is the given IP a public IP?
Read a binary plist file.
Log a page HIT.
Main function of the module.
Setup the platform.
Get document and fallback reason.
Run py_proc and assert its output is unsuccessful.
Uninstall a configuration module.
Return the shortest path from source to target.
Upgrade the database to the latest version of volume_type_projects.
Exponential probability density function.
List topics.
Import an object from a namespace.
Fix sys. path to include extra paths.
Add flags and new_flags.
Create a new node.
Creates a new cache security group.
Split test name into test name file name and test name.
Returns the full URL for the current request.
Plot the boot traces.
Return the current time in seconds since the epoch.
Make a POST request.
Sorting a list by square root.
Wait for all the tasks in the queue to finish and then wait for them to finish.
Rehash a file.
Run the script and see if it shows verbose output.
Format a list of extras into a message and a verb.
Release a media player handle.
Combine multiple details into a single dict.
Convert obj to a column instance.
Flush the internal state to the state store.
Get the size of the terminal window.
Get the epoch time offset from a Windows filetime.
Renders a datetime object as a localized localized string.
DETACH ACCEPTMS Originating Section 9. 2. 13
Load image data from a qt - format image
Split text into a list of strings.
Return a list of scripts that are not system specific.
Check if the given name is visible.
Return a list of documents for a product topic and subtopic.
Get proxy information from environment variables.
Set the file utime.
Return the path to the xtool.
Check to see if a dataset exists.
Shortcut for the testdoc module.
Decode a string using the escape Python 2 method.
Check if the condition matches the check_object
Return a hospital object.
Depth - first post - order post - order.
Reset user password.
Generate Odnoklassniki OAuth signature.
Return the pre - computed data.
Test that tokenize tokenizes a string.
Process tools argument.
Return a list of IP addresses for the specified host.
Get weather data for a specific location.
Extract metadata from filename using regular expression.
Discretize a 2D model by discretization.
Parse inline flag set.
Get an artist by id.
Ping the host
Get the linkline from a Wikipedia page.
Subtract a term from a polynomial.
Consume messages using simple consumer.
Test the implementation of bernoullivector reparametrization.
Context manager for logging pending warnings.
Grab a connection from the pool.
Test keyword args for a newslot ctor.
Return a list of all available names
Wait until an object has the specified build attribute.
Format an IP address as a safe string.
Check if x is hashable.
Parse a Sudoku assignment grid.
Validate sources for OSX.
Wait for the virtual machine to have a network address available.
Create a new context identity.
If expr is symmetric then return expr. arg else return expr. arg.
Associate a profile with an instance profile.
Connect to EC2.
Processes an else element node.
Filter out tags that end in tag_suffixes.
Generate a signed JWT using the service account file.
Get VMDK image size and properties.
Get a field and its path from a model.
Prompt the user for a password.
Returns the ith varint value.
Register a hook to be called when a notification is received.
Test that setsourcemodel and setpattern work.
Load credentials from a file.
Add a new project for a given volume type.
Copy columns from an array into the IDD table.
Compute the 2 norm of an array.
Install the xonshimporthook in sys. meta_path.
Duplicate ground computation.
Copy file contents from src to dst.
View for editing a perspective.
Substitute strings in s with strings in context.
Test that pypi transforms to xml.
Daemonize the process.
Format the output of the firewall_status command.
Compute the cumulant from the factorials in momt.
Find indices for a three - way split.
Normalizes the given path.
Return the monomial division of a and b.
Create a bulk archive of the selected submissions.
Destroys an image.
Extract images from a gzipped image file.
Test swap assignment.
Updates the requirements file if necessary.
Cycles the number of arguments by num_.
Main entry point for compare_dicts.
Delete a sink.
Extracts the parent child and label from an xpath - style name.
Read a file into a record object.
Verify that candidate implements the interface iface.
Return the version of the installed package.
Shadow - get user by name.
Log compute failure.
Get information about a policy.
Test if a string ends in a newline.
Construct author2doc dictionary from a corpus and a doc2author dictionary.
Return the viewing matrix for a given projection and model.
Read the end - of - archive64 signature and store the data in endrec.
Nudge the dataset.
Generate a arc.
Call unpacker with the given parameters.
Basic authentication.
Convert a skiprows object to a range object.
Returns True if all number groups in the candidate string are exactly present in the formatted number groups.
Returns the absolute path to the plugins directory.
Return regions choices sorted by name.
Given a super set and a bitstring return the subset of the bitstring.
Parse a query string into its component parts.
Create a new SA record for the given resource type and attributes.
Validate max_staleness.
Run a shell command and return the status and output.
Create string table.
Import a file from a specific zone.
test tag method
Return a list of keys for the specified key.
Generate a fontconfig pattern from a dictionary.
Index all functional areas.
Add hits to qresult if not in qresult.
Return HTML form style for a row.
Returns a set of line numbers that are part of a multiline string.
Calculate the chi2 test statistic for the given data.
PMF histogram normalization.
Convert a keyword argument string to a dictionary.
Adds the specified fields to the specified document protobuf.
Standardizes a name by replacing str_ with str_.
Convert a scipy. sparse. coo_matrix to a sparse series.
Returns the contents of the current log buffer.
Render inline context.
Read the cinder configuration from the options file.
Iterates over the elements of getter call action for each element and prints the result.
Test platform schema.
Return a plugin function that returns foldbrackets.
Return a dict with the current state of the system.
Parse command line arguments.
Convert a string to CamelCase.
Calls the given function with the given args and kwargs.
Validate a DMP.
Swap num_ bits in string s.
Initialize the signal manager.
Return a list of dict representations of all relationships between two packages.
Get a fixed IP address for a given host.
Add a stream handler to the specified logger.
Return a string representing the URL for the given entry.
Timezone aware aware datetime object.
Parse a pattern.
Dispatches a hook to a specific key.
Solarize an image.
Compare length - index dipoles.
Convert xmltree to dict.
Return xlrange formula string.
Generator that yields all the tasks in a directory.
Test reading a layout from a file.
Generate theme. xml.
Set a configuration key to a given value.
Change the uid of a user
Finds whitespace around the operator and yields tuples of operator and string.
Prints name details.
Enable a source.
Returns the mean of the values in inlist.
Update web settings.
Sends an email after ticket purchase.
Serialize obj to a JSON formatted str.
Return authentication information as a dictionary.
Send email after import.
Setup yahoo finance platform.
Return an ANSI color map for the given style.
Convert a key_val into a slice.
Expand IPv6 address.
Returns a list of stats years for the given row of stats data.
Set the current app as the current app.
Callback function for lexer. match_callback.
Create a twisted. web. ssl. SSLContext.
Return a list of recently answered tweets.
Get the topmost directory of a given topfile.
Add CORS rules to bucket.
Takes a number and returns money in words
Celery task to raise a runtime error.
Send translations to the client
Delete a REST API.
Return the number of milliseconds since the epoch as a float.
Return a debug representation of an object.
Returns the content of a URL as a string.
Runs pylint on the specified file.
constant_map num_ in p
Get a credential.
Test if b1 encompasses b2.
Determine whether there is a reboot pending.
Unescapes the given text.
Register a function as a atexit function.
Convert elemwise ops to cast cast ops.
Generate a new random id.
Validate fingerprint data.
Perform a HEAD request.
Recursively walks a directory.
Returns the default locale for the given object.
If the quota size has changed guard the usage.
Unset quota on glusterfs volume
Get all repository dependencies for the specified metadata.
Get the host from the request.
Create a new figure manager given a figure.
Get information about a collection.
Convert a log file to a dictionary.
Check if a file has any of the specified filetype without any of the specified words.
Replace old sump with new sump.
Starts the debugger and registers the IDB adapter.
Find the platform and atomic group for a given host.
Retrieves the properties of a managed object.
Searches for clients.
Writes the given gcode text to the specified file and analyzes it using the specified repository
Return a response object for a campaign.
Check if a string has a sub - string of a given key.
Return the history of the codetbl.
Suffix a name with a given suffix.
Redirect to the next URL in the URL POST data.
Parse a setuptools version string.
Returns the number of triangles in the creation_sequence.
Displays the current error and traceback.
Escape a string for use in LIKE operators.
Check if a model has the given filters.
Return a humanized string representation of a number of seconds.
Return a list of all available datasources.
Compute the fast version of the model fastfn.
Reduce the number of significant figures in an angle.
Fires the rheader for the given resource.
Helper method to set the model dictionary.
Generate a new API key.
Least squares sum of x.
Redirect to the canonical url of a file.
Make a random binary dbm layer.
Get the function that embeds a shell.
Find the end of the longest substring between pos and the beginning of s.
Extracts the name - value pairs from the given string.
Handle application error.
Set the value of a config variable.
Provide test cases for locate_app.
Returns a list of tuples with the codename of the permission code and the verbose_name
Get the origin of the request.
Checks the lengths of the columns in mapping_data against the expected lengths of the columns
Continually write data to a device.
Set a string in the minion
Resets the builtins directory to the default.
Puts a string and shows the prefix on stdout.
Wrap an info tuple into a tuple with a traceback.
Calculate the checksum for the given value.
Convert a jelly object to a source code string.
Returns the current state of the user s course creators
Returns a recently viewed list of products for the current request.
Print information about a virtual machine
Encodes the given payload using LZ4 compression.
Prompt user for raw input from standard input.
Demonstration of dependency grammar.
Delete an extra spec for a volume type.
Guess the number of streams given a stream size.
Make a GET request to Firebase s API.
Deletes the whoosh index for the specified instance.
This function calls getfrontoverwidthaddylist and then calls addxintersectionindexesfromloop
Decrypt ciphertext using a url - safe base64 key.
Return True if the irreducible Hilbert space of the Hilbert space of the Hil
Attempt to hardlink a file or directory.
Test that two epochs have the same drop_log and selection.
Escape a value for use in a URL.
Ensure an event source mapping does not exist.
Benchmark functions.
Encode multipart form data.
Returns True if the current user is the current administrator.
Show the details of a load balancer.
S3 REST controller for handling supply item category requests.
Spell check text.
Check if entrance_exams is enabled in settings.
Validate a station name.
Finds the minimum point in a vector3 path.
Base64 decode and pickle. loads.
Publish a file using subprocess. Popen.
Update proto library config
Check if any engine services are running.
Install one or more pecl extensions.
Test shell environment.
Return the element node object for the given evaluated linkvalue.
Shows the type selection widget for the region.
Close the connection to the database db_name.
Remove leading and trailing whitespace from a statement
Get information about a NVMML device.
Try to find the git executable.
Parses dsymutil output.
Calculate the expected bar value for a given date and asset id.
Create a header from a decoded sequence of bytes.
Get the routing table for a given IP version.
Adds a new vhost to the cluster.
Return a refactoringtool object.
Returns a list of format modules for the current language.
Parse the compiler output.
Return the absolute path to the mrjob Python interpreter.
Expect a message to be parsed.
Return a list of upstart service names.
Returns a list of github releases for the specified project sorted by version number.
Returns the Ker - Z basis for a given number of significant zeroes.
Run upgrades in the given store.
Sends a PROW test to the API.
Loops over the events and updates the portfolio
Returns a boolean indicating whether the ABINIT wrapper needs to be installed.
Substitute a name with a set of formatters.
Check if the given item is a sequence.
Place queens on board.
Clears the watcher for the given connection.
Returns a list of local IPv6 addresses on the machine.
Compare two strings for security.
Resolve a name relative to a package.
Clear django cache.
Check if the element contains a relationship.
Destroy the local database.
Assert that a function raises an exception of the same type as cls.
Update the metadata for a snapshot.
get the winning model id of a hypersearch job
Set the layer include rule.
Create a GCodePath object that can be used to generate a GCodePath.
Returns the URL of the media for the specified path.
Kill all processes in the processtree with the given processid.
Register a notification with the growlnotifier module.
Get all subordinate groups that the user has access to.
Parse linters string into a list of tuples.
Get the bind address to bind to.
Return the brightness state of a brightness sensor.
Cumulative sum.
Generate a random graph.
Set the default Flask application instance.
Returns the first element of a sequence.
Remove quotes from string s l.
Returns the type of the given address.
I18n clean.
Returns a copy of the function with the specified globals replaced with the specified values.
Processes the text of an SVG element node.
Sets the course enrollment mode when a new instance is saved
Return name and version formatted as a tuple.
Returns a list of functions that correspond to the given names.
Compute the gfm difference of a polynomial f and a polynomial k.
test if value is divisible by num_
Convert an IRC color regex match to a color string.
Render a template with the given context.
Project time day.
Checks if the given IP address is in the given subnet.
Cartesian product of two lists.
Run the reviewer.
Return the XFS XFS inventory data.
Returns a list of the student or student tasks associated with the current course.
Convert a mage HSV tuple to a RGB tuple.
Calls the method of x with the ccall of x. meth.
Try to determine the correct script runner for the given bbdir.
Compute the kurtosis of an iterable.
Test the tomeklinks fit function with a single class.
Return a string representation of a bytestring.
Return a list of range objects for the given header value and content length.
Return True if orig_prefixes is a subset of new_prefixes.
Test the condensenearestneighbour. estimator. cnn_sk
Test higher - order contractive autoencoder.
Formats the given position in the file.
Parse the execute message from the device.
Reads images from a directory and returns them as numpy arrays.
Register the driver with the capabilities module.
Read pillar data from url
Return the full match of a pattern in a string.
Resolve a relative URL to a full URL.
Show a WMC map.
Clusters a set of vectors using the specified method.
Creates an empty file with the given contents.
Backward eye.
Get the selinux enforce file
Classify a googlenet model.
Move the socialaccount source to the remoteorganization.
Returns a tuple of static strings
Update the flash params of an image.
Given a project and a resource path return the corresponding resource or folder
Convert a file path to a standard out file.
Safely rename src to dst.
Check if the given header is a hop - by - hop header.
Decode the error string from the arguments.
Render a list of templates to a response.
Import image metadata.
Create a shared variable that can be shared by all GPUs.
Test the desaturation of a string.
Return a session for the given reply channel.
Instantiate a proxy tuple.
Build Sphinx docs for the current branch
Synthesize a nonce from the given string and key.
Create a patch viewer that connects the given images with the given connectivity w2.
Get the putaway value of an object.
Remove a service
Create an inventory object.
Get the network IDs associated with a project.
Convert x into a sparse variable.
Compute the graph statistics.
Find the center of g in the ellipsoid.
Convert a string array to a numpy array.
Check if the language is trusted.
Return the common dtype for all columns in cols.
Run migrations online.
log all registered hooks
Activates translation for the given language.
Handle a password reset request.
Returns the assignment type of the user group.
Main entry point for the git command.
Cumulative Cumulative Distribution Function.
Test for rename_channels.
Expand a list of arguments from a file or stdin.
Get the support angle of the overall support angle.
Check if a network address works with prefixlen.
Get the name of the git repository.
Convert the given value to JSON.
Parse acl v2 data.
Eradicates a string with ellipses
List of all available regions.
Set defaults for SQLAlchemy and SQLite.
Skip test if abstfn contains a backslash.
Remove a field from an expression.
Show the jet colormap.
Pickle a stringi.
Execute a function on all minions and return the results as a dictionary.
Recursively fix unicode strings in a dict.
gpugemv optimizer.
Normalize the server settings.
Convert a list of revisions into a list of dicts.
Split a path into a leaf and a expr.
Returns a dictionary of all the basic values.
View of a mass mailing list.
Search the elastic index for a string.
Shortcut for json. json with camelcased keys.
Gitlab hook helper.
Check if the given sheet is writable.
Calculates the next LEGEN_DER pseudorandom number.
Return sysv services.
Register the packs and install the virtualenvs.
Get the version of the installed package.
Convert nzseel representation to rheader
Return the operating system version
Callback function when a property is used.
Associate a baremetalnode instance with a given baremetal node uuid.
Processes an element node.
Create a compiled regular expression from a mask.
Render a cheetah template string using the given context
Get the IP address of the remote host.
Closest square root of n to a.
Return True if the system is virtual otherwise False.
Return a copy of the string s with all gmlrefs replaced with their real counterparts.
Get the authentication password from environment variables or environment variables.
Return the number of events.
Returns the name of the virtual machine.
Get filenames and class names for photo and photo files.
Shows the amount of time that the bot has been up.
Release libvlc_instance.
Returns the value of the specified attribute.
Convert a domain name to a filename.
Unit that is dimensionless to SI.
Return an absolute version of the given path.
Transform a numpy array to a list.
Write the text of the given gcodetext to the given file.
Runs the Paster server for the given application.
Runs the status check for the specified check_or_id.
Returns a list of all discrete attributes in the domain.
Dynamically import the Instance Action API.
Wrap result in appropriate type.
Validate image format.
Get the maximum file descriptor limit.
Split training and test sets into n training and n test sets.
Convert a TarInfo object to a tuple.
This is the main supplier function for s3db
Get the lowest priority string.
Find a host in the inventory
Writes the output to a file.
Write stock basics data to the database.
Reset the audio stream clock.
Returns a copy of the given object that is a copy of the given class with the given kwargs
List all available upgrades.
Initialize the pyo server.
Returns a DOM node for the specified document file.
Generate a waterbutler url for the given parameters.
My user info page.
Encrypt the password if encrypted is True.
Unubsit the value of a time constant.
Add a set of indexed loops to a set of faces.
Return the class docstring for the specified class.
Return the modulo of two numbers.
Context manager for a no - log driver.
Update a model instance if the attributes of the instance have changed.
Sample from the standard normal distribution.
Returns the extent of the phrase under the given head.
Check if a module is a python package.
Build m3u filename.
Cleanup after source_date_epoch.
Get the ssh config for a given host.
Validate circular reference.
Returns a random n bit integer.
Create a routes. Mapper from a dictionary of route declarations.
Load a pickled object from disk.
Decomposition from minor matrix.
Test the structure of the erfa module.
URL quote.
Save the OpenID response in the session and redirect the user to the next page.
Start the scan.
Sort a dictionary by key.
Authenticate LTI user and switch user if necessary.
Returns bool_ if n is a probable prime.
Delete a chain from the specified table.
Parse ignorable statement.
Escape abbreviations in text.
Rebuild the cache.
Load all fixtures.
Find a finder for a given path.
Encode input to output.
Expand brackets in a string.
Registers an inclusion tag that renders a template without params.
Select bracket icons.
Autocomplete verbose rule format
Setup the platform.
Attaches EpicStatuses to a queryset.
Test feature finder finds all feature files within a directory.
Read calendar by public_id.
Deletes the specified blobs.
Returns a list of all networks that are associated with the specified instance.
Test that get_new_command works.
Return a set of types that match the given pattern.
Prompt user for password.
Load the data from the local file.
Set the S3 file extension for the given url.
Get connection to etcd
Ensure that the given trans is a valid frame.
Check that the version of the driver and server are compatible.
Writes the given user_group_mapping to the given path.
Assert that the caplog log records have the expected number of errors.
Create a taxed priceinfo object for the given item.
Returns the canon basis of a given factor.
Return a list of prompt tokens.
Create a user list.
Attach user story extra information to a queryset.
Return a list of manifest files for the given extension.
Run a command and return its output.
Return the translation for the given element node and prefix.
Hashes the contents of the file at the given path.
Register the Ovs agent with the capabilities.
Remove a media item from a media list.
Set the action for a form
Convert sr to an integer float or bool.
Set the viridis colormap.
Creates a descriptor for a primary key field.
Get the changes that need to be made to the instance.
Delete a policy.
Test the neighborhoodcleaningrule fit_sample method.
Customise the fields in the org_resource table.
Reads a fragment file and returns a list of fragments.
Format a size.
Sends a list of mails.
List samples owned by a user.
Convert bytes to unicode.
Generate a fireplace route.
Encode a string using the morse algorithm.
Clears out all data on the system.
Run the hocmgr command inst and return the output.
Runs pip and asserts that the output of the show command is a list of lines that
Download subtitles from youtube.
Initialize and start the notification server.
Close an iframe.
Open explorer path.
Returns a dependency graph for the given package_list.
Runs the script and asserts that the output of the script has a successful newline.
List all databases on the mongo instance
Rename all files in a folder except those with the same extension.
Parse a query string.
Returns a set of PR IDs that are merged between two branches.
Compare partial dicts.
Get the index for a given pack.
Filter the queryset to only return products owned by the specified user.
Sanitise base32 data.
Test ioerror if no replay file.
Figure 4 test for tight layout.
Parse the type of an attribute.
Parse a Roman numeral string.
Create a PyYAML proxy for the given node.
Register a handler for special logging.
Set the disk timeout in minutes for the specified power scheme
Returns True if cmd is a shell command.
Log - Dirichlet normalization.
Convert filepath_or_buffer to a filepath or buffer.
Generate a property from a jinja2 template
Revoke certificate.
Unquote a JSON document.
Fibonacci function.
Add a point onto a path only if the path is not already free.
Convert an etree. ElementTree xml element to a queue object.
Remove article from text.
Demonstration of tree visualisation.
Get epochs from the raw FIF file.
Asserts that the user is an admin if the user query parameter is provided by the user.
Create a CSS gradient from a base color and stop value.
Verify virtualenv requirements.
Return a pretty - printed version of the string s.
Remove module from configuration file and return list of module names.
Return the standard deviation of a given prop.
Context manager that changes the current working directory and restores the previous directory when finished.
Loads a JSON file.
Returns a stringio. StringIO instance for the repository file.
Returns the path to a photo file.
Rollback a failed upgrade.
Add traits to a base object.
Default render failure handler.
Generate the genesis fixture.
Test LEX expressions that parse as floats.
Recursively deciphers the given object.
Represent a dictionary as a column dictionary.
Check if a point is inside a polygon.
Get the data type of a function s return type.
Return a string representation of the given value.
Shutdown the child API server.
Returns a function that looks up the given attributes on the given object.
Get the parent PID of the current process.
Log files from the import task.
Convert text to qcolor.
Wrapper for utils. data. download_file with temporary filename.
Returns a list of sibling lines for the given filename.
Main entry point for celery.
Get a list of rooms the client is in.
Create the ports tree
Add tracks to the tracklist.
Make a datastore. Entity proto message for the given query and path.
Add a contribution to the context.
Suppress warnings for lines with no import translation in tests.
Discretizes a bilinear 2D model into discrete values.
Try to convert the value to the current timezone.
Convert a list of ldapcontrols into a list of encoded tuples.
Get the username and UID for the current platform.
return the string close to the root
Load an experiment from a directory.
Returns a string representation of the given number of hours.
Show information about a server.
Set the logger for this class.
Dedent a function docstring
Returns a list of the elements in seq1 that are not in seq2.
Convert a time to a hex string.
Attempt to jump to a particular location in the course.
Get limit on number of connections in shared memory.
Start the engines specified in the opts
Wrapper for talib. ppo
Get or create the DOI and suffix for a node.
Load a shapetexture.
Samples a subset of a dictionary.
Get the basepath for the current version.
List all meta - fields.
Runs the ipython cell magic and checks that the file is unicode.
Call application function. Log errors if function fails.
Frontend log view.
Open a log file.
Returns the current git changeset.
Group DataFrame by symbol and check for intersections.
Delete a key from the cache
Run a test on a hdf5 design matrix dataset.
Run a script and test that it returns a string.
Runs the test server for POST requests.
Pretty print a list.
Add a host key to the user s ssh keychain.
Get information about a server certificate.
Get the disk type to use.
Assert that index is a multiindex product of levels.
Prompt user to select a joystick.
Returns a tuple containing the file system and the length of the text.
Expand a set of polynomials into a list of polynomial expansions.
Check if a database exists.
Returns the path to a state file.
Exit the program with the given actions.
Get polar motion.
Test to_hdf_link_optimizations.
Remove all subscriptions and events from the context.
Check if there are any failures for a particular release
Make value naive according to timezone.
Convert a URL to a pathname.
Convert a datetime to microseconds.
Finds the names of all loaded modules in a code object.