Fill x with n dimensions and verify the kernel shape.
Builds the tree structure for the given queryset.
Unserializes a serialized packer dictionary.
Return True if the path matches the stderr path of the step.
Generate n random integers.
Return True if x is a sparse variable.
Configure buffer sizes.
Confirm that vi edit mode is not supported.
Scale time_seconds_arr to the specified unit.
Test preprocessing of environment variables.
Context manager for use of a plugin.
Create a directory name with slashes or backslashes.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the environment is virtual.
Decorator for functions that are expected to be a string.
Test remote topology.
Get a cached user profile for the given user.
Configure the hostnames in the config dictionary.
Generate a hashed thumbnail for the given source filename.
Run the upsert command.
Validate a list of requirements.
Execute a dictfetchone command and return the result.
Given a module path and a context return a tuple of the filename and the type of the module
Get a response from a socket.
Filters out OAuth parameters that start with str_.
View function that returns a list of locations for a user.
Remove trailing lines from a list of lines.
Create an effect for a comment.
Given a field name return a list of fields.
Returns True if text is valid False otherwise.
Test for strf_index.
Run the mne command.
Writes a representation of an instance.
Word usage hook.
Create a subscription on a topic.
Return the NOT clause of the given clause.
Get a virtual interface.
Get details about the version of a lambda function.
Returns the size of the header table in bytes.
Indents code by new_indents.
Parse an iterable of lines into an alignment.
Return a list of line numbers for the given value.
Get the eth link from the vif
Resolve the default color for the current context.
Create msvsproject objects for a list of targets.
Return the index of the cms module.
Clear all cache files.
Routes the request headers to the HTTP headers.
Query the database and return a list of all variables in the database.
Install one app.
Load a PEM string from a file.
Create a temporary directory.
Register a class with the instrument manager.
Make a list of unique elements.
Return a list of all the authors in the database.
Convert a filetime object to a timestamp.
Find the path to a command.
Return a construct of t.
Returns True if the system is installed by package control.
Convert a string to a date and notes string.
Get all the snapshots associated with a CGSnapshot.
Perform a push operation on an object.
Set the value of a key in the specified profile.
Setup the platform for dteenergyBridges.
Export a library to XML.
Return a versioneerconfig object.
Test that pip doesn t have an argument.
Stacks xs onto the stack of xs.
Send a file to the server.
Get the error message from the mysql context.
Closes the connection to the device.
Given a path and a point return the index of the shortest path that is less than or equal
Returns True if g1_node is the semantic feasibility of g2_node.
Encodes the result of a certificate into a base64 - encoded certificate.
Set the environment to use.
Get all volume glance metadata.
Returns a list of roots of the cyclotomic polynomial f.
Test load_mappings warnings.
Yields permutations of the given iterable.
Uncompact a creation sequence.
Return a flat format string for the given event.
Block a template.
Get HTTP data from the stack trace.
Returns the amount of minutes from the current time in the specified timezone.
Print error message to stderr.
Sorts a and counts the number of elements in a.
Reset the database to its initial state.
Clean html string.
Execute a task and return the result.
Set the filesystem home environment variable.
Return True if s is an expression or False otherwise.
Check if the node is healthy.
List all the nodes in the cloud
Get the name of a package in the recipes directory
Convert a value to a string.
Return a fake ORM instance.
Get the QUORUM of the cluster.
Convert a JSON value to a timestamp.
Plot an image and a patch.
Check if a command exists in a path.
Get a category by id.
Attempts to invite all Facebook users to the wallpost.
Get a message from the feedback model.
Dump the configuration to a YAML file.
Update an account.
Make sure that source_collection and destination_collection have the same schema.
Return the virtual name and grains of the minion.
Estimate the variance of the gaussian covariance at the given time series.
Get the precision of the element node.
Return the diff expression of the current branch.
Check if a user has the specified role.
Get the source code for the given object.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not this machine is virtual.
Test iter_evoked.
Fixture for issue 2401.
Authenticate flow using credentials.
Returns True if s starts with str_ or False otherwise.
Get the tab registry for the given tab id.
Runs prepare_stdout and assert_output_outlines_success_colorful
Write journal entries to a file.
Test for issue118 prefix reorder.
NN words for a query.
Crawl an HTML page.
Split a domain into multiple domains.
Return a list of all system services that are disabled.
Get the importer for the given path.
Returns a boolean boolean and a string representing whether or not the kernel is virtual
Return a rebulk of the movie titles.
Return the rastrigin skew of an individual.
Returns a new repository for the tower repository.
Enforce an action for a project and user.
Check if the CRC of the data matches the given check.
Build a simple tree.
Convert an EC2 instance ID to an EC2 EC2 ID.
Edit a service.
Merges the given options into the given types.
Command line interface.
Test that solved scenario tables are solved against outlines.
Convert a namespace to a regular expression.
Get credentials from credentials file.
Create a new figure manager.
Check that d is a numpy array and that it has the same shape.
Given a dictionary of inputs and a dictionary of input values and a dictionary of input values and a
Test that read_no_header has the same names as read_no_header.
Take n elements from iterable.
Replace the given register number with the given value.
Read a bit - packed hologeneous hologeneous hologeneous holo
Sets the home_page attribute if the home_page is products.
Test lazy processing.
Emit a line unformatted.
Get the body of a request.
Classify a labeled point using KNN algorithm.
Setup bem from bem_extra.
Make a password using the given hasher.
Resolve a route to a page context.
Make a delta file for each image in sequence.
Write worksheet hyperlinks to a document.
Determine if the fastq1 is a CASava version.
Returns a list of pyextension imports for the specified module name.
Convert an RGB color to XYZ.
Enforce domain validity.
Factory function for creating a model from an operator.
Load an experiment description script from a directory.
Return the number of words in a string.
Retry an instance update.
Compare two epochs infos for equality.
Set the connection information for the given url.
Main entry point for the CLI.
Parse a range header.
Share a new viewpoint with another viewpoint
Build all library recipes.
Bingimage hook.
Search for an artist and name in a task.
Get a labelstring from a dictionary.
Return fallback document and fallback reason for default language fallback.
Remove a readonly file or directory.
Returns a collection of layer variables by name.
Repeat x n times.
Convert a datetime. datetime object to a milliseconds object.
Get a mock request.
Read a bitpacked version of a file - like object.
Reads the table and asserts that the table has the correct number of rows.
Process manual pois.
Returns whether or not this instance is initialized.
Run gcrs on a testframe and assert that the moon is the same as the testframe
Clips the path to the beginning of the path.
Ensure key exists false primitive values.
Detach devices from a virtual machine.
Test that the customergrouppricing module is active.
Perform basic authentication.
Generate a UUID from a node and a clock sequence.
Iterate over a corpus file.
Create a fred user.
Create a temporary address for an arbitrary family.
Get disk usage of a file or directory.
Test that extract_zip_non_verbose is True.
Clear all openflows.
Get the geometry output by subtracting the positives and negatives from the element node.
Make a test filename for the given test filename.
Colorize a string according to the given color.
direct_to_template - Renders the given template using the given extra_context and mimetype
Get the rotation from a string or float.
Finish a task.
Returns the extension of the given filename.
Fix an artifact by applying interpolation to the data.
Prompt the user for input.
Test that batchnormalized_mlp_learn_shift_propagated_at_
Writes the output of the first translator to a file.
Encode data as JSON.
Create a new environment.
Returns a list of allcraftsequences in a string.
Get the filename lineno and line number of the raised exception.
Returns True if the platform is little endian.
Update maxline with the number of dirty patches.
Render a list of documents.
Returns a list of all notifications for modules in the specified configuration.
List all the resourcepools in a service.
Return a defer that resolves to a poetry client.
Fake loads JSON error.
double redirect view.
Get a list of keywords for the given lexer.
Generate a random messageid.
View a view with a secure request.
Add community email to queue.
Check if course is blocked.
Finds the first matching CSS in the browser and returns it.
Update a generated certificate.
Create an xmlet element with the specified tag and attributes.
Process an XML element in the cylinder.
Ensures that the named parameter is absent.
Check that a json file is in a list.
Submit a unit to a user and test whether the user has submitted a new unit.
Parse a string and return a terminal value.
Compute the minkowskihull between two points.
Parse an XML string and return the error value.
Computes the list of allowed methods for the given resource.
Poll for a file descriptor.
Test elemwise of a 3x3 matrix.
Load all plugins from the specified directories.
Get the first bday for a given wkday.
Return a list of RGB colors for brew.
Delete a document.
Convert a string or float to an integer.
Register a checker for the given linter.
Return a copy of trans with translation x and y shifted to the given axes.
Generate a hexdump of data.
Create a new chain for a table.
Update disk cache metadata.
Stop the session for the specified module and number.
Setup the bloomsky platform.
Check a password against a hashed hash.
Create a graph from a graph.
Return the argument of a DVI.
Register a mapping type.
Test functionality of desktop applications.
Return the dot shape of x and y.
Displays completions like a readline.
Check if the given course key is a CCX course.
Test that the JSON view error is correct.
Temporarily redirect stdin stdout and stderr to stdio.
Get the content of a request.
Simulate kmorethanone.
List of available comunity plugins.
Return the filename of the pc settings file.
Test subunit output with one error.
Register a pagination querystring tag.
Return the path to the auto configuration file for the specified osname.
Generate a Garchiton filter.
Deduce helpful message from requirements file.
Runs prepare_stdout and assert_stdout_lines_with_traceback.
Remove array names from code.
Get the size of a file.
Find the option with the given arguments and return the value.
Write example configuration to file.
Return a PMF of the Poisson - PMF model.
MNE surf2bem test
Get a measure from an argument.
Check the response from gle.
Range 4.
Return a string representation of the given id.
Get a list of course topics.
Create a decorator for a function.
Delete a set of keys from a qos spec.
Get activities from user_id.
Return the standard reply for the given template.
Filter ava on wire representation.
Runs the demo with the given number.
Upgrade the database to the latest version.
Trace an operator.
Run a command and return the result.
Test remote save draft.
Return a list of netstat information.
Handle howitworks requests.
sudoer wrapper for sudoer.
Compress a tar file to a directory.
Prepare bearer token URI.
Test consistency of a CPU core.
Test that min_zero is True.
Get a list of categories for a blog.
Jump to the preview window.
Add a rule to the specified port.
Create a new stream in the specified region.
Log an error message.
Main loop for the main loop.
Get the parent PID of a process.
Plot onscroll events.
Calculate the square root part of a DMP field.
Decomposes a function f into a tuple of g and h.
Check if the given path is a package.
Entry point for the wireup script.
Read the numa_maps file from the numa_maps file.
Convert timedelta to integral minutes.
Test URL to local path.
Set t. type to reserved_map.
Return the path of the given url.
Setup the simulation before a file is created.
Take n elements from a sequence.
Test the validity of a list of axes.
Get the lengths of a file.
Spyder editor test.
Redirect a url to a temporary location.
Group an iterable by n elements.
Get the base path of a pack.
List all hosts on this VMware environment
Inverse of batchdet.
Convert a resource to a project.
Generate a random slice from slicelen and listlen.
Convert uptime_list into seconds.
Combines flaky annotations into a single flaky annotation.
Unpublish a collection.
Remove a user from a tenant.
Call a jsonrpc client.
Get the path to a segment of a path.
Parse the resolve file.
Test the reduction of the array.
Create a blockdevicevolume object from an EBS volume object.
Check if two meshes are the same.
Performs a suggestion for the given unit.
Get the size of a VM.
Decorator for lower - level getitem.
Test nearmiss initialization.
Return the virtual name of the minion.
Returns True if the current language is BIDI.
Select the best encoding to use.
Get label from plist.
NZ Seel2 REST controller
Return True if the given variable is a flag or False if it is not.
Rolls back the specified reservations.
Check if a keystone version is available.
Download an object from a container.
Shelve a server.
Asserts that the opened help link is correct.
Set the current canvas.
Find and return a list of paths to the git directory for curpath.
Returns a dictionary of parameters to be used for pagination.
Test that comment start and end expression match.
Fixture for afrikaans tutorial.
Returns the total physical memory allocated to the machine.
Groups a list of videos by their subtitles.
Returns the virtual name of the provider.
Parse etags from value.
Entry point for the simulator.
Add an email to a user.
Return a color style.
Convert an IPProto to a string.
Return an iterator over all lists in a nested dictionary.
Add patch info to a dictionary s.
Convert a value to an integer.
Simplify a dimension expression.
Encode a varint into a string.
Test that translatedfield supports migration.
Process open sockets in osquery.
Hostevacuate live servers.
Solve the EJK problem.
Flush all ORMs.
Make a CTF name for a directory.
Allow a user to access a course.
Revoke roles for a user.
List all clusters in a datacenter.
Reads a versionfile and returns a dictionary with the number of keywords and the number of lines
Uniformly layout a list of points.
Generate n colors from hsv.
Get a list of all ACL groups.
Generate tokens from a line of text.
Get a nonphylogenetic metric by name.
Parse a query string and return a parsed URL.
Remove stopwords from tokens.
Return True if shell is an interactive shell.
Get the swap size for a given vm
Delete a file or link.
Generate URLs for a given mbid.
Execute a python script.
Check if spec_info is a list of strings.
Check the directories for accepted and rejected raetkeys.
Test completion of a dictionary key.
Check if string is a float.
Check if a vector is a bow.
Get a series by id.
Register a new user.
Recursively uploads all the files in intent. files to the S3 bucket.
Return True if node_op and prev_op are the inverse pair of node_op.
Get the account for the given nick.
Return True if obj is undefined.
Get the result of a query.
Get a catalog by name.
Test that the input array contains inf.
Finds the first line of a file that matches a given blocksize.
Get unit format from config.
Iterates over the format of a structure.
Rolls back the current state of the named service.
Print the totals for all results.
Check if node is a super node of builtins_name.
Normalize mode.
Get the priority strict value of an element.
Return a humanized version of the given date.
Parse an egg info file.
Get the raw pathspec for the given path.
Wrapper for image_resize_image.
Unregister a registered handler.
Wraps the given command in a shell.
Update metadata for a volume.
Extract a value from a dictionary.
getgeometryoutputbymanipulation wrapper around getgeometryoutputbymanipulation
Migrate search migrations.
The main entry point for the qtcore program.
Return a user structure for a user.
Get a list of tables from the database.
Validate options.
Choose a random variable from a tensor.
Assert that a and b are identical.
Contextmanager that creates a temporary file and deletes it.
Unpack a string and return its length.
Fills an array with data from the head of the linked array.
Generate a grid of generated points for a given pixel.
Reloads the current state of the scheduler.
Reset quota.
Return a copy of builtin_data_extensions.
Return a list of n colors.
cheb1ap - cheb1ap function.
Split an estimator into x and y subsets.
Test for int_x_labels.
Convert input data to output format.
Run the self - test.
Return the virtual name and version of the minion.
Return a string with all the elements of obj that are in the specified maxelementsize.
Check if a repository has any previous reviews.
Get the current user base.
Validate a value against a regular expression.
Attach a volume to a datacenter server and volume.
Clean up a temporary directory.
Test that the maxshield string is in the ms_fname.
Writes the output of the Skeinforge craft to a file.
Shuffle a list of lol into a random seed.
Generate batches of batched data.
Format a dictionary of changes and return a tuple of changed and ctext.
Delete instance info cache.
Get flag for attributes.
Given a string return a list of indices.
Get a list of all available sales records for a course.
Returns True if text is valid False otherwise.
Add a resource to a container.
Request user input.
Returns a S3 REST controller for the current user.
Test that the marshaller schema is correctly representable.
Check if a profile is associated with a role.
Get the chain text from a list of procedures.
Get the mountpoint for a cgroup controller.
Main entry point for parquet.
Get the default time display string for the given datetime object.
Create a list of managed nodes from a list of addresses.
Show a tag in the repository.
Convert a sympy. sympy. sympy. sympy. sympy. sympy
List all VMs in the virtual machine pool.
Unblock a BD address.
Make a resource dictionary.
Find a zone for a given name.
Check if resource1 is inside resource2.
Unary expression 5.
Read from persistent store.
Escapes shell characters in a string.
Return a URL - safe version of t.
Convert data to dummy data.
Convert a string to a boolean.
Find a TeX file in the specified format.
Send a list of inventories to the client.
Returns a suitable downloader for the given info dictionary.
Package a template into a package_out.
Convert an IP address string to an integer.
Runs a convert command on the command line.
Disable availability zones.
Returns the percentage of CPU usage for the given function.
Make a declarative string for a loop.
Starts a task that pushes resources to the queue.
Command line interface for finding changes.
Returns a + b.
Add a review list box to the context.
Get full group type.
Render a Jinja2 template.
Open a singleton action.
Print decoders to stdout.
Check if a service exists.
Check that the classification targets are valid.
Fit a function to the given data.
Check that a simple ncfileobj has the same history shape and units.
Force a job to be launched or stopped.
Create a vagrant task.
Create a dictionary of option values for the given optionable type.
Test scenario with hash with in single quotes.
List all qthreads.
Test for the normal mode of the image.
Write text to the terminal if show_status is set.
Delete a repository.
Return True if str is a IPv6 address.
Get the x - coordinates of a read.
Decrypt an AEAD with the given expanded key.
Return a socket object for the given address.
Set the proxy on the specified server on the specified port.
Convert a hex string to rgba.
Return a list of all revisions for a package.
Save photos to the device.
Command for temperature detection.
Update the version of an event.
Make a unique id for the given cloud instance.
Remove all files associated with dt from dn.
Check connectivity of a cluster.
Initializes the given module.
Find all occurrences of pattern in string.
Decorator to mark text as blank.
Returns True if all looplists in looplists are intersection with looplists in loop
Set dirty state of resources quota usage for a tenant.
Return a set of all IDs of all fasta files.
Contextmanager to augment usage errors with contextmanager.
Remove all files that end with str_ from the working directory.
Release a VLAN ID.
Render a mock template.
Returns the value of a in f.
Transpose an expression and return the transposed expression.
Returns True if val is a string or False otherwise.
Returns a dictionary of the number of tasks that are covered by this task.
Return a dict with the current state of the named monitor
Expandasteriskfor columns for a given expression.
Test collect function.
Compare two key records for equality.
List all hosts in a hostgroup
Return a list of systemctl commands.
Returns a list of pages that are siblings of page2 that are not ancestors of page2.
Write content to output_path.
Replace a file with the given data.
Return a string to connect to a backend.
Test if a set is a valid IP address.
welcome_osf4m_wait_time_grace = True if the user is
Set the icon for the given filepath.
Load a module and return a dictionary of functions.
Find an approval for an object.
Find the desktop module with the given name.
Determines if a tool dependency can be removed from the metadata dictionary.
Encode raw bytes using z85chars.
Set the domain of a list of strings.
Check that all the dna characters in the header are in the correct format.
Split a list of arguments into a dictionary.
Generate a date ticker for the given span.
Remove all modules from sys. modules
Install a signal handler using a signal descriptor.
Mimic hadoop_fs_mkdir.
Returns True if the system is BSD or BSD.
Greatest common divisor.
Tests whether a viewpoint is removed from a device.
Get recording by id.
Cache a namespace key.
Suppress a deprecation warning for a unit.
Substitute type in ty with str_.
Return the current lockworkstation.
Main entry point for the script.
Return the hash of the subdb file at path.
Set the verbose level of the C ++lint state.
Initialize maildir if needed.
Get flavor extras.
Get the status of a datapusher.
Unpack lines from the output string.
Tempallow a session.
Get all members of an object that satisfy the predicate.
Convert Dkl to RGB.
Correct case file index for incorrect case.
View for charts page.
Build HHL0B trainingset.
Remove docstring from a function.
Acquire a lock on the named Zookeeper host.
Parse a preference file into a dictionary.
Hook hook for cloudbot.
Return the variance of x.
Group a list of items by a key function.
Makes an inverse operator and a noise operator that computes the rank of the evoked solution
Convert a matroska date to a datetime object.
Check if CSF is running.
p_conditional_expression_2 is a conditional expression.
Decorator for registering a filter.
Check if the given drive exists and is a mount.
Return True if symptom caching is enabled without a backend.
Filter release name based on filter words.
Return the virtualbox command.
Parse a template string and return the result.
Filter a list of values based on a list of values.
Constructor for a shared variable.
Create a shared task to unsubscribe a user from a basket.
Assign a user to a page.
Dump all the objects in memory.
Calculate the rolling vwap of a dataframe.
Returns the name of the bench function.
Joins a list of paths into a string.
Kotanchek function for kotanchek.
Archive the given job_pk.
Execute a command and return its output and error.
Remove noise from output_string.
Displays an answer preview.
Read a string from a file - like object.
Fail if smote has a wrong kind.
Test a connection to a MySQL database.
List projects modified since the specified date.
Temporarily remove a path on error.
Finds the best match for the given combinations.
Parse a libvlc media object.
Creates a dense version of the given targets.
Stops all containers in the running state.
Get the phred quality of a record.
Find the uuid for the given host and name label.
Inspect the controller stats and return the stats.
Iterate over all modules in a package.
Returns the indicator controller.
Authenticates all registered backends with the given credentials.
Make a new subreddit with the given name and author.
Generate a client library from a discovery document.
Return the time in seconds between the specified event and the specified event.
Sets the color of the eventcollection to the new color.
Test that pushd and popd works correctly.
Setup the platform.
Choose random tests based on ratio.
Edit an alias.
Initialize an addon.
Return the name of a file - like object.
Convert epoch milliseconds to epoch.
Return a list of service types registered in the agent.
Unescape a string literal.
Get the context for a set of keyspaces and connections.
Add a subtask to a user.
Create an eventrule from date_rule time_rule and cal
Read version from version_file.
Arg of softmax.
Revoke all certificates associated with a user and project.
Get the user password from a socket file.
Handles the xblock_outline request.
Expand the cookie path for the protocolinfo response.
Get the latest release tag.
Filter a table to core.
Migrate oauth template facts to a new one.
Given a list of bins and a list of vals return a tuple of bins and hist.
List of grains.
Retrieve users from osquery.
Extract a link from a link header value.
Initialize the metricsbucket aggregator.
Map a qos specification to a lower - case version.
Get stock balance for a given item.
Populates the rows for composite indexes that have changed.
Get the status of all clusters in the cluster.
Test that the help command should exit when it exists.
Scour the coordinates of the given data.
Create a new campaign with a bidding strategy.
Setup the platform for demosensors.
Start a virtual machine.
Root Mean Square Error
Return a string representation of a packet.
Get a logger by name.
Compute the correlation coefficient for a set of variables.
Unify f_gens and g_gens.
Find the index of the end of an expression inline.
Test that the feature has a name.
Render a list of documents from a list of files.
Return an httplib2. httplib2. httplib2. httplib2. http
Handle an AJAX request.
Filter for label 1.
Binary version of x.
Register a tag to get the current timezone.
Re - reconciles a voucher document with another one.
Return a list of formatter objects for the given config.
Undo logger setup.
Expands the gallery file for the given metadata.
Convert a column of columns to an image.
Return the name of the process to enter.
Check if working directory exists.
Pagefolder edit view.
Stop the cover for the specified entity.
Check if rdclass is a metaclass.
Get the IPv6 address for the given interface name.
Process movie reviews from the reader.
Include enabled extensions.
Returns a dictionary of embeddings for each caption in a word.
Set the media player for a media list.
Convert x to list if x is a list.
Find orphaned children.
Change the security of a user s cookie.
Return a list of unique elements in a list.
Clear the screen.
Test that the circuit is the same as the circuit.
Formats the given example.
Remove camel case characters from a string
Return the default logfile for the specified executable.
Get the intersection of two sets of loops.
Pad a number with zeros if necessary.
Get a provider by name.
Changes the username of the specified user.
Show a specific resource.
Returns the URL for the specified route.
Exponential power of x y z.
Convert unicode path to unicode if necessary.
Get a value from the database.
Test that the helpcommand method should raise a command error when the help command does not exist.
Release an address.
Resnet version 1. 0.
Getcraftedtext from text.
Convert an IPv4 address to an NIC - OA format string.
Test the FFT of the stft function.
Get the version of the Cython compiler
Returns a list of SQL indexes for each model in the app.
Remove extension from name.
Returns a list of packages that have been recently modified.
One example of the lasagne example.
List all available upgrades.
Return a tuple of clientbroker serverbroker and pump.
Format slug for request.
Convert a text string to an object.
Return the argument specification for a callback.
Add an organisation onaccept form to the database.
Convert a list of tuples into a list of sparse blocks.
Apply fixpep8 to source_lines.
Check the output of a command and return the output.
Returns a dictionary of options that can be passed to the constructor.
Test that the choices of the context_file match the expected context.
Fail if there is no output.
Create a figure manager for the given figure.
Convert a name to a list of labels.
Create transformations for all tokens in all_tokens.
Set the tax for the given tax type and total.
Return True if value matches a regular expression.
Make a request to the Surveyor API.
List all registered apps.
Set the renderer for the diff opcode generator.
Expands the dimensions of x along the specified dimension.
Find the path to an executable in the win32 environment.
Create a temporary script file.
Append or add an error to p if the path is a directory.
Return True if the namespace contains wildcards in the database.
Sends an email to a group group and user.
Authorize a user to access a resource.
Get the width of the console.
Sort an IP list.
Indexes a course.
Delete all preview files.
Returns True if the polarity of a string s is less than threshold.
Discriminant distance between two numbers.
Test read_user_dict with default value.
Renders the request with the given template and data
Find a library by its name.
Create a grantip middleware.
Run lint on a set of files.
Replace backticks with str_.
Returns True if ct_headers is a valid HTML file.
Return a list of all keyspaces in the system.
Configures the settings.
Return a new value with default arguments.
Import a module and return its value.
Yields translation messages from a CSV file.
Generate the records for the students at the given student.
Example route for creating a like topic.
Convert a stats dictionary to a dict.
Unquotes a quoted string.
Convert an ordinal float to a datetime. datetime.
Check if a summary with the given tag exists.
Get the input file for the player.
Gathers a copy loss from the given clone.
Extract user email fullname from an SSL DN string.
Build a song rep from a song.
Register a tag that counts the number of dictionaries in a language.
docstring wrapper for mb_search
Preserves the albumpath in the headphones library.
Summarizes a mapping of otu_table into a summary and a taxon order
Computes the node search by the given hypervisor.
Combines mapping and otu_picker_otu_map files.
If the if_exists parameter exists return the string. Otherwise return the string.
Discover the executable with the given name and sitepath.
Find the end of a multiline docstring.
Join a coroutine to a single event.
Return True if there is no ANI installed.
Get the version of the pylint executable.
Get volume summary by project.
Complete a skipper.
Translates a message and returns its text representation.
Returns a list of sort_keys and sort_dirs based on the sort_direction_
Return the arccos of the given value in radians.
Find the Hessian of a point.
Convert a human - readable size to bytes.
Set the value of theevacuate_option in the facts dictionary.
Execute a kadmin command.
Evaluate the last element of the expression g with respect to u.
Get the cubic path of the specified XML element.
Returns the linebreaks of the given value.
Build a target from a package name version and tag.
Causes the expression to be fully contained in the expression.
Updates the status of a collection in search.
Sort a pcap file into a pcap file.
Update the instance of the current class.
Returns True if pid exists False otherwise.
Read the next string from the SSH channel.
Get the unified output for the given list of outputs.
Reload routes from gluon. rewrite.
Create an array of the given typecode_or_type and size_or_initializer
Setup the MQTT platform.
Check if an attribute is a valid Extcomm attribute.
List all nodes in the specified zone.
Tag release task.
Write message to the preview window.
Get a resampler for a given groupby.
Create a dataset and an intercept decay.
Sorts the tree by the given column.
Compare savedjson with savedjson invariants.
Make a contiguous signature.
Test plot_topo_image_epochs.
Returns a dictionary of headers to be sent to the client.
Verify that the number of revdeps in the specified library is equal to the number of rev
Tamper a payload.
Returns the class of the diff renderer that should be used to render the diff.
Loads test modules and returns a optimising testsuite.
Get a list of pulls for a project.
Return a message for a response status.
Return a deferred that will be executed after delay seconds.
Route a string_ to the root endpoint.
Unescapes the given node.
Return True if obj is a sequence of booleans.
Add faces by convex to a list of faces.
Find the root node of the input file.
Synchronous switch listener.
Add two 32 bit unsigned integers to the end of a.
List SD APIs.
Assert that include_names and exclude_names are equal.
Return whether or not the current working directory is virtual.
Show pillar data.
Callback for key - value callbacks.
Fixture for app_params.
Test on_focus_changed for issue 1484.
Monkey patch cmdutils to monkeypatch symbol.
Insert data into the database.
Send password changed notice email.
Adds command line options for the loadgraph command line parser.
Filters the symbols in iterator that are not in exclude.
Convert a datetime to a decimal.
Get the source and line of a node.
Normalizes a path and returns the normalized path.
Run deseq2 on the input_path.
Get the package name for the current working directory.
P_unary_expression_6.
Create a new bucket.
Get a color based on the mode.
Remove repeated elements from a list of lists.
Main entry point for the script.
Pause a server.
Parse a JSON string into a Python object.
Remove diacritics from a string.
Assert that the exception is a type error.
Ensure a network is absent.
Convert a location list to a string.
Generate a BQ schema for a DataFrame.
Sort string key.
Parse the command line arguments and return them as a list.
Check if a graph is connected to a graph.
Get the RH network interface script.
Scale a CSR column to the given scale.
Returns a new skeinlayerrepository.
Encode a password.
Set the output of an audio stream.
Call the service.
Validate atom and return True if it is valid.
Computes the cross entropy of the categorical data.
Show a specific product.
Test that the pie render and half pie are the same.
Import an object from a string.
Test determinism of all TeX files.
Get all files with filetypes without words.
Creates a logout URL for the given slug.
Return the request host and the erhn of the request.
Recursively copy a directory or directory tree into a directory.
Register event handler that clears screen.
Get the location of a VM.
Return the vector representation of x.
Test purified translation of a field.
Initializes a state with the given inputs.
Returns the value of the specified field in the specified object.
Computes the log - multivariate normal density at x.
Return a tree from a CIX XML string.
Print empty trunk.
Create a simple tag that expands a fragment.
Split a named range string into sheets and xlranges.
Set the vary header of the response.
Returns a copy of builtin_view_extensions.
Search for recent scans database.
Test regularization of noise and noise covariance.
If x is None return x.
Parse apkt packet.
Returns the HTML representation of the given HTML document.
Return the meshgrid triangles of a meshgrid.
Clear the site cache.
Streams the content of a user.
Example2 build_verticle_exit.
Safely reference a target.
Test allknn fit with a single class.
Returns True if the bucket_name is mostly compatible with the given bucket name.
Matches a string with cdao to obo.
Returns the river controller.
Wrapper around check_call_arguments to_call.
Summarize metadata for all plugins.
Detach a device from a device.
Join a list with a separator.
Find ports that are free for a given range of ports.
Calls the specified popenargs and raises an exception if the call fails.
Replacement for test_raw_html_write
Returns a tuple of script names and script names for the given choices.
Get the compiler to compile the command line arguments.
Start a video download.
Delete a security group.
Test that the saved inner graph is the same.
Check if result is a valid geometric result.
Create a renamedtuple from parent and child.
Test that settings. sentry_options is not specified in settings.
Build GitHub projects.
Get permissions from a list of URLs.
Create a new instance of gtype_or_similar.
Match a logical line against a comparison type.
Attach a role to a policy.
Notifies about a server group update.
Create a WSGI resource.
Return the weight of a topic given a word and a document.
Get the currently installed packaging module.
Check free space for downloading.
Fill text with css selector.
Get available colours.
Return a dictionary with open and close tags for tagname.
Test that the imageidfield of a plugin has the same number of images.
Load executable version and flavor from environment variable.
Test conversion of RGB to HSL part 6.
Convert a bool to an integer.
Wrap a fragment with a new content.
List all available keys for a user.
Joins a list of strings and encodes them as a string.
Create or resurrect a directory.
Get datacenter for chassis.
Compute power - nearest - norm matrix for one norm matrix.
Main entry point for the server.
Temporarily change global assumptions.
Get the uid for a given user name.
Returns a dictionary of variables that can be used to render a list of objects.
Convert a hex string to a byte string.
Delete namespace content.
Hover an element.
Unsplit url from data.
Transforms the stub from nosetools to nosetools.
Format the given text using the given format string.
Gradient of mean and variance.
Create a workflow for the overlay workflow.
Get the size of a VM.
Get a proxy for a service.
Apply a change list to a collection.
Get the version of the given executable.
Delete all lead addresses associated with a company.
Update a flagged object.
Write a FIFF file to a file - like object.
Fetch the MSX HDU from the MSX HDU.
Compute all estimates for all reviews.
Resets the current state of a vm.
Convert an integer property to an integer field.
Return the host of a request.
Return the minimum value of qadmin.
Check if a package is installed.
Start an application in the specified directory.
Assert that num_ is nullable.
Get the read geometry from nibabel.
Mimify a file.
Determine the function name type of a function.
IRC raw hook.
Get the common path for a list of paths.
Remove dnsmasq accepted rules for a given dev.
Generate a FASTHEAD file for the given folder.
Return a dict with the differences between orig and new.
Moves the current frame in the stack. If move_up is True the current frame is
Apply gradient scale to x.
Process an XML element.
Get the host name for the specified virtual machine.
Return a tuple of onrows oncolumns and onrows.
Finds all consecutive increasing sequences in a worder.
Fix a makefile by removing lines that are older than the original makefile.
Convert a pandas index to a list of ticklabels.
Return the sum of the largest k elements of x.
Get the current stock value for a given supplier and product.
Connect to S3.
Get a list of tables from the database.
Return the base path of the portable file.
Get the ports of a node.
Return the qualifying prefix for the given module and qualname.
View function for creating a new user.
Delete a servicegroup
Cross validation for sklearn. model_selection.
Returns True if the user is configured to use group config.
Delete a network interface.
Render a mock template to a string.
Returns the maximum span of the interval defined by loop.
Create a fake BDM object from a dictionary.
Get information about a container.
Create a new file system with nod permission.
Get the default temporary directory.
Render a report.
Unsubscribes a document from a particular sub_id.
Iterate over multiple items in a multidict or dict.
Return a list of all headers that have the specified category.
Delete a user from a group.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the environment is virtual.
Executes the pragma foreign keys statement on the connection.
Autologs a message to the console.
Remove a patch from an API key.
Check if an anchor is found in a file.
Get or create a hosted zone.
Run a test environment.
Remove a user from a group.
Check that the index name is valid.
Convert None to null.
Get volume summary.
Write a dictionary of docstrings to a file.
Returns the current kernel architecture.
Writes the return data to the serv.
Fixture for filesystem loader.
Test that the labelio and timecourse estimates of a label are the same.
Validates the covars for the given covariance type and number of components.
Reload the portage.
Quote for RSP files.
Run the test suite.
List all the groups in the named group.
Derive a key and IV from an RAR3 key.
Delete a vlanid from the database.
Render an openid request.
nthroot_mod mod p
Call talib. cdlmorningdojistar with anohlc function.
Iterate over all items in a given SObject.
Add a new service to the system.
gpuelemwise careduce.
List upgradable upgrades.
Receive a string from a socket and return it.
Ensures that the named region is absent.
Inject create tags into class attributes.
Solve the ux2 problem with the RSR p and q.
Get a user by username
Run a WSGI function on a WSGI server.
Calculates the Fonseca of an individual.
Print console output to the console.
Create a list of module bookmark actions.
Display an RGB color.
Read a file and return a list of lines.
Exit on collection error.
Determine the next host to use.
Set the current namespace scope to the current scope.
Return True if the environment is virtual.
Expands a path to a user home directory.
Linear Discriminant Analysis.
Copy the contents of a master file to a new file descriptor.
Get the gradients of the where clause of x.
Compute optional configuration value based on all_config.
Load a Zen translation.
Convert x to list of arguments.
Deletes the given category and asserts that the category is none.
Convert an object to a commit.
Open an SVG page.
Format a list of messages into a response.
Build a bundle of assets.
Tries to import objname from sys. modules and returns None if not found.
Rebuilds a function from code_reduced and cell_values.
Split an optional netmask address into optional netmasks.
Decorator for commandnotfounderror.
Get the limit and marker from the request.
Convert an etree element to a dictionary.
Strip xmlns from element. tag and all children.
Get the current rendering context.
Parse test files option.
Format a power string.
Get the text of the presentation with the given ref_id.
Get the string representation of the routines stored in dump_fn.
Parse text as an integer.
Fixture for italian tutorial.
Get the child of a node with the given tag.
Returns a copy of the default settings with the given keyword arguments.
Colorize text according to the given color and attrib.
Returns a list of tuples containing the combinations of the two lists.
Get the limit parameter from the request.
Get the list of modules and active modules.
Get the difference between a key and a value.
Try passwordless openssh.
Test that the has_eeg_average_ref_proj method of the raw file is
Unscrubs the given text.
Create a decorator from a middleware class.
Transparently decrypt a stream.
Get a random prime number.
Given a physical line and a total number of lines and a total number of lines return the number
Convert a DataFrame to an IDF.
Publish a test to stream_framework
Return True if the given SQL string is an open quote statement.
Return aaaa address for a given host.
Robustly write a file to a directory.
Main entry point for the command line interface.
Return the lambda representation of expr.
Returns an edit handler for the given class.
Convert html to xhtml.
Find the first occurrence of a condition.
Set the rate limit.
Test for non unique prefix completion.
Given a base date and a time and a relative day return the corresponding date.
Check if rbenv is installed.
Find the first majority element in a list that is greater than or equal to the number of
Solve a discretelyapunov bilinear equation.
Get a random number of primes.
Convert a list of tcvolts to a temperature.
Convert a string to an integer list.
Clear the cache.
Convert a regular expression to a regular expression.
Hash an item based on a list of ephemeral paths
Create a simple tag with no context parameter.
Return a copy of f with dup_degree m removed from f.
Return the maxid for the given database.
Get mapview configuration.
p_struct_declaration_list_1 - > p_struct_declaration_list
Choose a local optimizer for a GPU sparse blockouter.
Split text into integers and return them as a list.
Get python library zip from contentstore.
Test for cursor keys.
Run cookiecutter with no input return project_dir.
Check if version is not none.
Finds the node with the given path and returns the default text if it exists.
Get the Carving XML object from the specified XML parser.
Parses the change values from the given opts and returns a dictionary of change values.
Return a dict of timestamps and timestamps.
sci wrapper for gca
Get the memberships for a user and project.
Check if a stream is a public stream.
Inverse of the inverse of all links.
Return True if all the areasllsdrs in a dictionary are unique.
Generate a polynomial from a gegenbauer polynomial.
Switch the org to the specified profile.
Parse a cookie string into a list of tuples.
Render a template.
Convert a dictionary of package names to a string.
Guess the filename of an object.
Submits a problem grade report for the given course.
Check if the expected value is less than the expected value.
Get a queryset or manager for a given class.
Returns the current route path for the specified elements.
Test for float_range.
Exit the program.
Calculate the cmo of a set of datasets.
Return the metadata for the specified config loader.
Load a model from a file path_to_model.
Create a window function for the given aggregate.
Returns a list of all the routes in the MIB.
Parse command line options and args.
Transforms a dictionary of parameters into a dictionary of booleans.
Return a generator of lines from a prompt.
Get a list of IP addresses from a server.
Get the comment app for the current user.
Find an executable in the given path.
Given a mime type and parsed media ranges return the best fitness and quality.
Build a Pandas SQL database from a connection.
Returns the course display string for the given descriptor.
Virtual version of namecheap.
Get the current log for an asset.
Extract text from an ODFElement.
Default JSON representation of an object.
Coerce the given operator to the given size.
Filter a list of names based on a regular expression.
Get a specific volume type.
Initialize web settings.
Strips the exception from the traceback.
Returns a dictionary of changes between model1 and model2.
Upgrade the database to the latest version of str_.
Return event data.
Test that the virtualenv is installed on the system.
Check if the given user is registered for the given course.
Registers a new service in the hass namespace.
Get a foreign object from the database.
Check if a mysql database exists.
Ensure a directory exists.
Broadcast a tensor to all connected devices.
Get a list of words from a file.
Style help string.
Rotate x by n bits.
Match a sentence against a pattern.
Encode a win32 string.
Allocation singleton command.
Check if a string has a vowel.
Start interactive mode.
Returns a copy of the session s plot options.
Attach custom custom attributes to queryset.
Return the state of the mapped object.
Download a file from a URL.
Gets the qualityofservicespecs specified by spec_id.
Setup the insteon platform.
Load a WSGI application from a configuration file.
Returns True if the user has access to the studio view content.
Wrap a value with a wordwrap.
Split a huge node into add or mul.
Poweroff a remote host.
Set the driver for the given provider module and klass.
Get environment variables and zmq settings.
Truncate string to max_length characters.
Returns a list of lists of strings that are unique in infinibox.
Validate a local IP address.
Get a string representation of a number as an integer.
Compute the product of two matrices.
Get the output of a gcodetext.
Create a list of commands for BEL.
Get the hash of the configuration tag.
Stops the server.
List available flavors.
List all keys in the database.
Ping connection listener.
Returns True if the driver is available and nvvm is available.
Return the attributive of an adjective.
Setup the Flask application.
Check if the target has a handshake.
Delete an attribute from a class.
Autocomple the element and wait for it to finish.
Rotate a color by a percentage.
Convert a roman string to a roman number.
Wrap a function with a timeout.
Returns a new coilrepository.
List all available frameworks.
Pick counters from the log_interpretation dictionary.
Remove the fetched distribution from the cache.
Test for skycoord representation.
Update a record in a zone.
Get the geometry output of an element node.
Test for regression.
Returns the absolute URL for the given path.
Start mainloop from constructor.
Get current media player rate.
The name of the virtual machine.
Find a directory in a path.
Compile a function using the pipeline.
Runs the search command and asserts that the result is success.
Assert that the extension of the given script is available in the jedi script.
Returns the number of nests in the given style.
Pluralize a value.
Check that the value is a valid requirements.
Sleep a random amount of time.
Return True if val is an integer like False otherwise.
Create extrafillloops for each innernestedring.
Test that the base of reduce is preferred.
Return True if candidate matches the required version.
Mock a request mock.
Get the status of a task.
Generates a list of random vectors.
Generate a random rotation matrix.
List all installed packages.
Add a new header to the context.
Create a transfermanager for the given client.
Set the closure of the epsilon closure of the state.
Parse a signed request and return the data.
Returns the name of the file for the given type and test.
stub out all the functions in funcs
Test driver for nvidia driver 1.
Virtual name of the InfluxDB environment.
Compiles the given URI into a Python object.
Return a URL to the document for the specified project and version.
Add noise to input.
Print one or more strings to stdout.
Write metadata to a file.
Returns the current language code for the current language
Set the environment variables for the plugin path.
Return a dict with missing values for the given name.
Wrap an enum variant into an enum variant.
Generate a random IPA for a set of customers.
One argument for num_.
Writes the usearch61 log to a file.
Parse command line arguments for filename pageranges.
Check if an object is null - old.
Check if a URI is a valid Amazon S3 URI.
Format a date.
Hides the untranslated translation of the given language.
Set the idfunction of the global function.
Validate the api_password against the app s api_password.
Return a list of all ratings that have the given name.
Teardown the database.
Decorator to apply a function to an audio clip.
Create a tag cloud from a list of words.
Detach a role from a policy.
Remove all missing values from the set.
Main entry point for the behave command.
P declaration specifiers 1.
Create API method response.
Sort an item by its name and sortkey.
Test triangular matrix.
Write obj to dest.
Returns a list of dynamic tabs that are enabled for the given course and user.
Parse a CAS token header.
Test download wheel creation.
Get tool panel configuration tool path and relative install directory.
Print the query results.
Quotes a string with the given charset.
Parse command line arguments.
Print a message and exit.
Get all releases for an episode.
Return True if x is less than precision and False otherwise.
Return a filesystem home problem string.
Get the revision number of the current revision.
Annotate content models by youtube id.
Test iterator.
Returns True if l is a list of type types. listtype or types. tupletype.
Test basic cell formatting.
Return the history of the current state of the zpool.
Emulate the mean of x.
Add a newility teacher to the current user.
Fill paragraphs in a string with the specified width.
Test read_raw_ctf method.
Run show_weights on the model.
Search for orgs.
Convert java pattern to python pattern.
Replaces old with new with new.
Detect the given agent.
Logs the user in.
Make a CSV output from a list of results.
Get OS version.
Decodes a string using UTF - 8.
Check the status of an RPC status.
Get the next datetime with a UTC hour.
Calculate the md5sum of a file.
Fallback test for imports.
Normalize newlines in text.
Iterate over all filenames in a directory.
Run a batchpipe command with the given arguments and yield the results.
Set custom nameservers on the namecheap server.
Test for reset_out.
Create a WSGI resource.
Create a new task.
Get a string representation of a dictionary.
Get unit status.
Initialize the bitset.
Get the user model name.
Apply a reduction to a grouped expression.
Return the default HTTP user agent for the current site.
Main entry point for beets. ui. commands
Kill a greenlet.
Clean up S3 objects in a bucket.
Returns True if the given object is a generator function.
Returns a s3reusablefield with the specified attributes.
Compute the cluster state based on node_state additional_node_states and nonmanifest_dataset
List all registered extensions.
Ensure sep is in s.
Update a fileserver
Get all the jids for all jobs in the job directory.
Install gettext translations.
Serializes a User object to a JSON - serializable dict.
Register signals.
Get a block device mapping by instance and volume.
Returns a tuple of bool_ and str_ depending on whether or not the virtualenv is installed
Check that the shape of a parameter is different from param_shape.
Return True if object is a function or class.
Compute the error of approximation of a_orig and w_approx
Check if two synapses are the same synapse.
Return a tuple of booleans and the virtual name of the minion.
Register a scale class.
Return relative path to file_path relative to pack_ref.
Delete a key from the Vault.
Return the object at the given address.
Return True if the environment is virtual.
Get all headers matching the specified name from the message.
Validate collection options.
Install ioloop. ioloop.
Run a matlab job.
Rewrite the legacy configuration to include the defaultled_type and the default_led_type
Get the kernel value for a given key.
Map nspfxs to nsmap.
Decode base64 encoded text.
Update an image.
Return the title of a layout.
Shorten a link.
Assert that the wrapped value is of the correct type.
Test that pip installs from wheel with legacy.
Check if an instance is in a resize state.
Run a script with the given context.
Formats a number according to decimal_sep decimal_sep and decimal_pos.
Check if a module exists.
Print a summary of the efuses.
Symmetric triangulation of a point.
Get all branches in a repository.
Convert markdown source to markdown format.
Parse command line arguments.
Get the credential controller.
Makes a figure with suppresscomposite and suppresscomposite images.
Clone the repo if it exists.
Format an exception only.
Temporarily add a kernel context to the stack.
Join a list of atoms into a URL.
Return True if path is hidden in dot notation.
Wait for a task to be created.
Get a specific flavor by name.
Create a cupy. ones_like object from an array.
Parse a response and return a dict with the payload and status.
Compute the DCT matrix for a set of rows and columns.
Search a string for a word in a string.
Make a path to a bkrcache file.
Create an access key for a user.
Update a stack.
Reshow the figure.
Create a documentlistentry from an XML string.
Check access and print warnings.
Send a bulk message to multiple registrations.
Runs html - tidy and returns the status code.
Reraise an exception.
Convert a node from one type to another.
Get model for app_label and model_name.
Set the platform arch context.
Return data to the master.
Get the fill value for a given dtype.
Returns a new millrepository.
Generate email address for given user.
Join paths and return the final path.
Looks up the parent method for the given method_name and dbus interface.
Entry point for the wireup script.
Download a file from an HTTP link.
Update the checksum of a FITS file.
Moves the specified path to the specified destination.
Test auto closeus after open task is deleted.
Check that the disk cache is deactivated.
Expects a string to be deleted.
Ignore a key if the user is not sysadmin.
Load a certificate from a buffer.
List all queues in the queue_dir
Convert an identifier to a GCE name.
Calculate the sqrt depth of a structure.
Extend os. environ with keyword arguments.
Convert a path to a unix path.
Decode an encoded datetime string into a datetime object.
Get the indices of the t1 and t2 magnitudes in the info dictionary.
Load data API module.
Create expected photos for an episode.
Get a single worker from the database.
Test that the ros fit is invalid.
Unwatch a document.
This function is called when the user clicks a Dlgproc command.
Convert a value attribute to a boolean value.
Return a dictionary of matplotlib parameters from a matplotlib file.
Get the browser for the specified user agent.
Test that imports on global namespace without path are imported on global namespace without path.
Return the grade for the adjective.
Loads the data and returns a DU dataset.
Perform a urlfetch to GCS stub.
Get the current time in seconds.
Verify a user s email address.
Parse a timedelta object and return a timedelta object.
Strip ANSI escape sequences from a string.
Convert an IP number to a quad string.
Describes an enum value.
Generate lorem ipsum.
Check if a module exists.
Setup directives.
Create a quota usage.
Command line interface.
Returns the HTTP status message for the specified HTTP code.
Show the top of a minion.
Create a storage transfer.
Jump to the specified tab.
Callback to log the status of a node.
Returns a base64 encoded string of all preferences in settingslist.
Return the HTML page for the student page.
Reads a string from a file - like object.
Runs prepare_stdout and assert_output_level_1_ error.
Add a servicegroup to a servicegroup
Convert special characters to strings.
Test get_peak method.
Compare two booleans.
Validate that value is a positive float.
Checks if a repository type is installed in the VCS repository.
Returns True if a < b.
Get the status of a core.
Get the absolute path to the target of a link.
Generate a cache key for the given locale slug mobile and minimal.
Create a temporary directory and delete it.
Process an arcgis service.
Select a template from a list of templates.
Return a path to a temporary directory.
Extend the data with the specified length and offset.
Adds a task id to a dict if it doesn t already exist.
Compare two entities by key.
Check if track index has changed.
Perform a whoosh search.
Convert t to a datetime. datetime object.
Set the httpreferer of the request headers.
Delete a repo from the configuration.
Serialize a SDR into a string.
Start a new syndic.
Copy a streampart from one stream to another.
Get a list of tiles from a list of names.
Recursively serializes the input_object using cached data types.
Main entry point for the CLI.
Get the argument for the GCC shared library.
Record the purchase information for an order.
Wait until pids in namespace has nolisten pids.
Decorator for session_py27.
Get the unified output for the given list of outputs.
Registers a new site in the current site configuration.
Generate a key for a rule based on a prefix group id and CIDR IP.
Return a windowanalyzer for the given file.
Convert funshion id to urls.
Get the CFLAGS variable.
Expire a reservation.
Add an alias to an index.
Unwatch approved revision in locale.
Setup windows platform.
Ensures that a directory exists and if not creates it.
Import a document into the database.
Get all snapshots for a specific host.
Upload an image attachment.
Parse a query string into a model class.
Validate that the volume is valid.
Calculate the overhang direction of a segment.
Encode a message using 7or8bit encoding.
Enable a sysv service.
Rename old_name with new_class.
Sanitize HTML code.
Get a specific sm_volume.
Returns True if x and y are equal.
Check if the fasta_labels in tree_fp matches the labels in tree_fp.
Get the enabled provider for the given provider_id.
Return the default appid environment variable.
Compute the hinge loss.
Serialize a collection to a JSON string.
Test sample supervised samples.
Get vector3 by prefix.
Get all subscriptions for a given user.
Write access token to outfile.
Access a key in the context.
Add photourls to ph_dict.
Reloads a list of containers from the manager.
Check if a file is a text file.
Add points from a segment to a list of points.
Get partitions from connectivity.
Connect to a destination.
Handles clicks on clicks on help text
Queue the instances for the active provider.
Remove a package from the pip repository.
Asserts that the given function has warnings for the given warning class.
Generate a list of column names for a given number of columns.
Find the p and q primes of a given number of bits.
Convert a string to an integer.
Fast version of lgen_lut_fast.
Get a JSON representation of a user feed.
Return True if there are no real S3 credentials.
Return the SFRMI of the given idz.
Fail if the path does not exist.
Render an HTTP response.
Returns the number of iscsi targets for the specified host.
Load a module from a file.
Checks if the given name is a global name.
Test completion for bash.
Update a table with a new column.
Context manager for celery applications.
Returns a list of n random lottery promotions in sr_names.
Encodes the given usage key as a task input and a task key.
Return the dump configuration as a string.
Renders a string to beimplemented.
Get the build environment override string.
Looks up an address and port from a string.
Returns True if symptom_password_regular_expression_description is not set.
Yield instance profiles.
Run the test suite.
Return a dot - separated version of expr.
Update properties of an image.
Test that the height of the statusbar is equal to the expected height of the statusbar.
Check if an item is a container.
Round x to the nearest interval.
Resolve the id of the given value.
Return True if num_ is off False otherwise.
Returns a queryset of the querysets for the given model class.
End request handler.
Determine if we should recompile the source files.
Resumes a paused shot at the specified time.
Create an array ndindex.
Copy a query options object to a protocol buffer.
Add a pixel to the pixeltable with the given value and x y. If issteep
Returns True if the custom config has changed.
Create a patchset object from a file.
Run a unit test.
Generate a list of all the keys in the specified keydir.
Optimized version of gof. fg. functiongraph
Returns the reader class for the specified reader_name.
Get information about a list of packages.
Solve the linear system of equations for a constant term.
Add a certificate to a store
Create a group snapshot.
Detach a virtual machine.
Distill a pdf file.
Add a page if it doesn t exist.
Return the path to a config file.
Test that the ranking ignores identifier quotes.
Get the length of the loop of a polygon.
Execute a command and return the result.
Continuous confidence interval.
Delete a task.
Leave transaction management.
Convert from bcd to decimal.
Check if a user has access to a forum role.
Get syslog configuration file.
Compares the inverse operator with the inverse operator in the input file.
Read size bytes from a file and decode it.
Validate shuffle split init.
Get a feed from a URL.
Get the constructor for the given object.
Convert a string to a number of bytes.
Return a list of supported key exchange algorithms.
Extract a snapshot from a disk.
Return a profile for the current user.
Return the base64 - encoded base64 image of a file.
Least - squares multiplication.
Flip axis multiple times along multiple axes.
Open the state file.
Recursively walk a list of modules and add them to the modulelist.
Remove all tasks that have been changed.
Set attributes by arguments.
Reconstruct a string by deconstructing it.
Check that the index argument is valid and raise a valueerror if not.
Login to the virtual machine.
Format a message.
Write data to the socket.
Return a list of all files in the specified repository.
Split a url into a path and environment.
Test group_by.
Main entry point for grammar.
Returns the index of the word in the given string.
Create a temporary directory.
Redirect back to the specified domain.
Create a new object in the database.
Serialize an instance to JSON.
Summary Judment summary.
Read end - of - archive data from fpin and return the end - of - archive record
Logarithm of the gamma function.
Execute the sqlcipherextpillar command and return the result.
Parse a list of tagged tokens into a ne chunk.
Load a PIL font from a file.
Change working directory.
Download a dataset from a path.
Delete tags from a node.
Test paginated url.
Consume a C ++ string and advance the cursor position.
Authenticates the user using django. contrib. auth
Format a playlist.
Given a module name and an object name return the short module name.
Convert a string to a rank.
Sync all the runners in the specified environment with the extmods module.
Return an indented version of indent_size.
Resumes the downloader if paused on post processing.
Decimate the coils in a raw array by decimim.
Contextmanager that asserts that the exception matches the pattern.
Chunk XML into chunks.
Create a template for the given filename and root_dirs.
Zero triband of a with a given lower or upper triangle.
p_rulesection - Print a rule section.
Deserialize a string to a Python object.
Get the value of a cell.
Writes the output of the first transcriber to the specified filename.
Plot the normalprobability of a sample.
Extract read information from FASTA file.
Get the reason for a cluster or step.
Plots the lines of the given epochs in the given axes.
Load a private key from a file - like object.
Given a list of emails return a sequence of emails.
Configure a configuration.
Calculate the min and max intervals for a given interval.
Dispatches the request to the appropriate command handler.
Assert that the policy shape matches the shape of the policy.
Add an offset to a list of vertices.
Get all the cells in the current context.
Returns a function that automatically auto - imports the specified dialect.
Test the square wave function of the Fourier Series.
Compute the triplet loss.
Solve the linear system a and b.
Update the docstring with plugin information.
Return the http timestamp as a string.
Create or add a crud string for an inv recv.
Create an addon.
Iterate over spider classes in a module.
Dump a list of probes to a file.
Returns the summaries of non - private exploration summaries.
Get the cudart library for the current platform.
Run validationshufflesplit on a set of validations.
Run alpha - diversity calculations on a single file.
Extract a summary line from a docstring.
Get disk bus for a given device type.
Checks all the possible nonlinearity and nonlinearity combinations.
Render a template.
Return a list of all the scenes that have been marked as exceptions.
Parse an XML string and return an XML element.
Set the databasems for the backend
Parse lines of indented counters and return a dictionary of counters.
Update a revision.
Plots the vis - detectors of the given image.
Convert a number to a hex string.
Run make_docs make_ui_files and sync_artifacts.
Return the indices of the indices of the elements in items that are sorted according to na_position
Draw a dendrogram of a node.
Add a symbol if it doesn t already exist.
Get a reference to a repository.
Spawn a hook to kick a channel from the bot.
Fail if expr1 is expr2 and expr2 is expr1.
Restores the conversion from the specified path.
Count the number of entries in a zipfile.
Read cz_lsm_floatpairs from file and return as numpy array.
Insert text to cursor.
Create a new grep widget.
Insert x at the right of a.
Interactively enter interactive mode.
Render a modal workflow.
Get the logging level for the given request.
Check if a URL is from any of the given domains.
Make a directory structure from a base directory.
Setup the platform.
Write source space files to a temporary directory.
Prompt the user for manual ID.
Generate a sequence of trigrams from a sequence of sequences.
Check if the given language code is available.
Get the module for a course section.
Tokenizes a string and asserts that the number of integers is equal to the number of
Convolutional Convolutional Convolutional Coupling.
Given a set of style rules for a class and an inherited style return a new style dictionary.
Exponent - safe version of math. exp.
Return a SM section name.
Convert a string to text.
Write a graph to a dot file.
Ensures that the specified block is present.
Delete a dbparameter group.
Encode a value as bytes and return it as a tuple.
Specialized version of signature_from_args.
Runs the parallel_map_providers_query function.
Lock a media list.
List installed packages.
Determine if the file should be written.
Initialize config from cnf dict.
Run a command and return the result.
Return a list of requests ordered by page number.
Commit changes to the database.
Create a thrift task.
Convert a bgp_id from inet_pton.
Shor random number generator.
Return the virtual name and the name of the system.
Format an option value.
Find all system plugins.
Find all globals in the given globs.
Return the number of minutes between degrees and radians.
Given a list of user_partitions return a list of user_partitions that are split
Make a bigtabletableadmin stub.
Show user details.
Expand a gridsize into an int32 or int32.
Validate the permissions of a node.
Test that the user is authenticated by checking out flow.
Check if a file exists.
Update a volume type.
Updates the response headers with the specified headers.
Sort columns according to their priority.
Open a response in a webbrowser.
Copy a file from local_path to remote_dir.
Link to a user.
Returns the default message for a permission code.
Iterate over all lexer classes.
Generate a random messageid.
Apply pre - order substitutions to a post - order e.
Context manager for inception_v3.
Return True if text is valid False otherwise.
Return the resultant of the expression f in g.
Read the bearer token from a file.
Update a port.
Parses a type string and returns a tuple of type bool bool and length.
Test that norbsmall works with norbsmall.
Parse a string into a timedelta object.
Dump a certificate request to a string.
Return the dot product of two matrices.
Returns the current controller for rendering canvass.
Copy a local file to an IP address.
Return the model for the given proxy.
Monitor proxies.
Generate user info cookie data for the user.
Fix relativelinks in document.
Entry point for networkmodule.
Load libzmq module.
Get crafted text from text archive.
Returns True if the entity is mapped to a mapped class.
Setup the ubuntu environment.
Run a cdlhangingman on the specified bards.
Downloads the specified url to the specified destination.
Resume paused paused paused paused paused paused paused paused paused paused paused paused paused paused paused paused paused
Reverses the upper bounded changelog for the given revision.
Return the type of the function that this function is defined in.
Return the name of the type of the given object.
Run gunicorn.
Destroy all quotas and reservations for a project.
Loads the context from the given object.
Returns True if the request is a trusted IP.
Test rl_end_of_line.
Check the options for the given choice.
Sets the response status code and headers to notsatisfiable.
Safely joins the given path with the given arguments and returns a safe path.
Parse the settings and return a bond dict.
Sanitize a filename by replacing any bad characters with replacement.
Minimize the given code.
Get all the collections in a bus.
Generate a client login auth token.
Return a link to the parent document of a topic.
Return a second - nibble hex encoding of a sequence of bytes.
Disable warnings for a particular option.
Get a list of scenes exception by name.
Check if course_module_list is valid for master_course_key.
Shorten a list of bards to count cdlshortlines.
Return a green message with the given greetee.
Given a path and a point return the index of the shortest path that is less than or equal
Register all the models in the engine.
Get a master event from the raetevent library.
Scratch a URI from a string.
Return a dictionary of all interfaces in the network.
Optimize local gemm to gemv.
Setup worker optimizations.
Generate a generation hash for the given x.
Add a constant to the builder.
Closes the library.
Fakes an ovo cluster.
Add a delta to the HTTP header.
Check that a message extractor is valid.
Parse a time string into a datetime. time object.
Stop a task time slot.
Make a cdf from a histogram.
Returns a list of recommendations for the given brands.
Return True if this is acarbontk string.
Get the module name of a service module.
Send a message to a user.
Find the file with the given header.
Partitions an iterable into two iterables.
Sanitize an html id.
Dynamically import a module.
Crop a title to the specified length.
Enable a server on haproxy.
Consume a decimal number from a sequence.
Process a list of video files.
Return a dict of all pointed pointers for the given node.
Upgrade the schema for the current engine.
Install an application.
Return True if seq is sorted and False otherwise.
Parse a range header into units and ranges.
Render the response.
Apply a choice to a task.
A timer helper function.
Parse command line arguments.
Test trapezoid1d.
List all the blobs in the specified cloud provider.
Return an iterator over the records in an ANTLR file.
Convert canonical path to local path.
Convert string to boolean.
Apply provider_facts to a dictionary of facts.
Format a file size into a human - readable string.
Returns the number of nodes in the graph.
Add a non blank XML subelement.
Render a star tag.
Corrects comparison alpha results based on a method.
Returns the number of hours a given number of hours.
Reads an integer from the specified stream.
Launch threads in the workqueue.
Return True if any of the items in a have been skipped.
Compute the sph_harm of az and pol.
Return a sorted list of all the dirents in buf.
Encode a sequence of bytes into a hex string.
Create a figure from keyword arguments.
Get the MD5 of a file.
Add a query item conditionally to a query.
Test method edit and save.
Get course block counts.
Load an object from a HDF5 file.
Parse a pci device address.
Get the HTTP expiry date for a given number of days or number of minutes.
Checks if a list of tuples conforms partial ordering.
Get the binary representation of the given value and bits.
Convert hdfs uri to real path.
Return the number of series in a list of lists.
Set the configuration of a Traffic Controller variable.
Given a source event and a new node remove all users that have been removed from the new node
Check if a directory is a composer install.
Split filename into num_ generated filenames.
Render a preview of a resource.
spews a string to the console
Get the transient sysmeta for the given object key.
Create index only query results.
Returns a list of period names for the given context and locale.
Return an iterator over the cds features in a genbank file.
Get the current working directory.
Execute the mysqlextpillar command and return the result.
Return a string representation of a region.
Fills a list of strings with the specified linelen.
Discretizes the center of mass x_range by discretizing the center of
Annotate merge annotations between two tokens.
Log ORM cache stats.
Get the commit hash of a package.
Calculate the center of a bounding box.
Unregister a host.
Check if the given line is a comment.
Return the nerdtree representation of the given string.
Return the timestamp for the given table in the database.
A context manager that yields True when the socket is closed.
Test whether the value is undefined or not.
AEAD step 5 step.
If array is a bcseries or abccategoricalindex convert it to categorical.
Encode the data as a multipart object.
Get the colour of a preference.
Get the current working directory for the given host.
Generate a cache key for a request.
Create RegNumbers from flow parameters.
Initialize glance store.
Test that inline comments ignore with in double quotes with in double quotes.
Generator for correlatednormals.
Return a normalized locale for the given locale.
Find the previous keyword in a SQL string.
Start profiling memory.
Determine the release name for a given release name.
Get command line arguments and prompt for password.
Call talib. ma with the specified timeperiod and type.
Find the indentation of the given node.
Update a namespace.
Return statistics for drop - log.
Find the gui and backend for the given gui.
Get a temporary directory for Qiime.
Create a replication group.
Set the state of the state machine.
Set the Android context for the media player.
Run a command and return the output.
Union of mutnodeset_union.
Test finder for installing pre - release packages.
Returns True if arg has the specified method.
Returns a human - readable time string.
Render the current block.
List shopping products.
Get changes for a project.
Get the maximum slots for the maximum number of slots in a virtual network.
Get all clients for a given token.
Get crafted text from text archive.
Test flattener layer state separation for convolution.
Return distro release information.
Call atadm command.
Calls callable_obj and asserts that exc_class is raised with args and kwargs.
Redirects the given url with the given args and kwargs.
Get child elements by localname.
Modify all hosts in a host filter.
Remove initial data from schema editor.
Return a tuple of bare error messages.
Automatically assign attributes from a dictionary.
Test for rl_backward_delete_char.
Convert a number to a Julian number.
Load meta - sources from the metasync_module and metasync_module.
Get the value of an attribute in an object.
Get the owner group and dir for the crontab.
Manage mode.
Return a dict of zmq enums for Cython.
Check if x is a dummy array.
Multiply a matrix with a vectorized matrix along a specified axis.
Fetch a file from a URL and write it to stdout.
Set the urlconf value.
Given a list of frame records and a list of frame filenames fix the frame s filenames
Encodes a URL or path into a mirror URL.
Define a scope for lenet parameters.
Return the rst file for the given module path.
Format a job instance into a dictionary.
Split a statement into unquoted newlines.
Overwrite novel deltas with new novel deltas.
Iterate over all revision control files in the specified directory.
Convert latitude to zone string.
Get a virtual interface by address.
Get a boolean from a dictionary defaulting to the default if the key is not in the dictionary
Get activities from a user s followers grouped by a user.
Connect to cloudhsm.
Recursively extrude files from a list of filenames
Return the similarity score between obj1 and obj2.
Run a texttest suite.
Return a list of dicts with the contents of a date formatted according to the specified format.
Remove all universal flags from _config_vars.
Edit a post.
Run a setup script.
Main entry point for ansiblemodule.
Highlight faces in an image.
Return a list of national number groups for the given number.
Create a distinguished name for the specified po object.
Generate a mock Tweet.
Call a function and return a deferred result.
Get the size of the windows.
Concatenate multiple strings into a single string.
Turn all the lights on x_val y_val.
Get the active config key for app_version.
List all pagerduty incidents.
Change the status of an activity.
Lift a list of repositorydialogs into a list.
Generator that yields all the albums for the given album_id.
Get request audit info.
Get a cluster manager for the specified configuration file.
Mount the cgroups in the current working directory.
Save a model to a liblinear model file.
Read a cached file and return the modified time.
Detect supported devices.
Plot the field of the evoked field.
Load media library from libvlc library library.
Set the aspect ratio of a video.
Fix sys. stdout and sys. stderr depending on platform.
Check if a path is already added.
Get the number of logs used in the disk.
Return True if header_name is a hop by hop.
Returns a list of floats where each value is greater than zero.
Return the value of a variable in a file fn.
Convert a value to a basestring.
Builds the server configuration.
Return a new metarepository for the current repository.
Given a list of signals return a dictionary of signal names and their respective signals.
Postfix expression 7.
Append a value to a variable in makeconf.
Return the contents of the piped input.
Test for hsl_to_rgb_part_6
Group the tokens in tlist by keyword order.
Combines a and b into a.
Filter for intcommas.
Writes the output of the first transcriber to the specified filename.
Add a suffix to a filename.
Return a list of available images
Local optimizer for gpuelemwise.
Get a BBoxDeviceScanner object for the specified domain.
Check if the given path is absent from the given path.
Make a property setter for the width of a document.
Get a nmanotificationservice.
Get all known settings.
Get the tolerance for the given item code.
Start a webserver.
Get the version number from the init file.
Return the static url for the given path.
Test that the flush method of the given history has been called with a store stdout.
Update a security group.
Compute the FIB of a number.
Resolve all pdfobjrefs in x.
Gradient of ridge penalty gradient.
Return the cwd of a process.
Check that the result is a valid geometric value.
Test basics for pypengl.
Create a configparser from a config file.
Create a location for the given course and run.
Get a random range from a to b.
Escape a unicode string.
Demonstrate a meeting subject.
Unproxied WSGI application.
Get the timestamp from a URL.
List all active VMs.
Test allknn fit.
Create a new group snapshot.
Adds a suffix to the cache key if use_i18n is True.
Returns the long description of the service.
Set a function that will be called when the user clicks on a profile.
Return a numpy matrix of the given number of characters.
Dimultiplies the ground - of - mass of the ground - of - mass of the
Tamper the payload with the number of characters in the payload.
Fit an image to the specified width height and height.
Save local facts to file.
Return the virtual name of the module.
Get a completion badge for a course.
Iterate over all crash files in a logdir.
Generate the abstract string for the given section.
Display an image array.
Return a generator that yields chunks of size chunk_size.
Return the extent of the text for the given head of the text.
Returns a dictionary with the values greater than the given value.
Convert a form to a JSON - serializable dict.
Check to see if a cache subnet group exists.
Run migrations on line.
Generate a random slice from a shape.
Load data into a m3u8 object.
Test changed languages with no arguments.
Compute the error of a cross - correlation between two AMPAL objects.
Return a raw argument dict.
Check that the weights are valid.
Concatenate a list of paths into a zipline path.
Parse a response and return a fileex object.
Convert a number to a float if it is not NaN.
Get the URL to delete a comment.
Return a human - readable label for a filter.
Return a string representation of a date.
Run apf command.
List the ps for the specified number and order.
Delete an option group.
Play a wav file.
Returns the path to the specified route.
Disconnect from the socketio server.
Returns a list of files for the specified addons.
Construct a URL from a dictionary of environment variables.
Assert that the output contains the specified text and that the output contains the specified text.
Parse an object id from a collection and id.
Test curvelinear curve.
Returns a list of allcraftsequences in a string.
Test that the cartesian coordinates of the test frame correspond to the altaz nodist of the
Check the update of the Gaussian with no data.
Create a terminal writer.
Return True if obj has a parent of basepath.
Plot a data series using a gridspec.
Strip common indentation from a list of lines.
Update the provider location with the given items.
Get a container view for the specified object type.
Load a library.
Command line interface for saving images.
Create a response with headers body and status code.
Track certificate events for a given user.
Check if a string is a flag.
Create a release task.
Registers a new form.
Get the output of a gcodetext.
Route route for products view.
Save desc buffer to database.
Return a redditbroke from a failed message.
Show the metrics for a specific locale.
Monkey patch httpconnection_patched_send_output.
Computes the F - likelihood of a given set of ANOVAs.
Check population availability.
Test that atciqd and aticq are atciqd and aticq
Get Qos spec for a volume type.
Cancel all API calls.
Returns the number of windows of length n on the buffers of length m on the buffers of length
Update homepage download box.
Remove all files from rc_object.
Return a list of all widgets in the QApplication.
Determine if the environment is in Google Cloud Storage environment.
Computes the mutual incoherence between the given relevant and the IRelevant
Expect warnings from sa_exc. sawarning
Get the metadata for a PDB stream.
Return the number of elements in a string or int.
Print bucket acl.
Create a default router.
Add a null handler to the root logger.
Return True if the request matches the transport.
Return a function that returns a list of recordings by echoprint.
Search the sequence for a key in the given sequence.
Create a base cipher for the given dictionary parameters.
Re - raise a translated exception.
Assert that the logical line is equal to None.
Returns a list of provider and portal URLs for each payment provider.
Create a plot of the given model with the given update time.
Pportinpaperout number.
Return a gidcounter for the current time.
Convert CFArray to list.
Get a tetragrid from an element node.
Translate a longopt string to a latex string.
Runs the specified tests on the specified virtual machine.
Determine the metaclass for a list of bases.
Get a specific volume type.
Push changes to Git repository.
Route to compute resource volume sum.
Return a list of arguments to pass to the interpreter.
Convert package_data_dict to a list of package paths.
Restart the named service.
Make an HTTP connection and return the parsed url and connection.
Precess from j2000capitaine epoch.
Get all quotas associated with a project.
Return a copy of d1 with mergedicts merged from d2.
Filter attenuation function.
Simplify the graph.
Joins the given value with each element of the string.
Create a tensor type for a 5 - dimensional tensor.
Calculate the kinetic energy of a vector.
Return a set of intersections of two sets.
Profile a profiling function.
Convert a NumPy array to a given dtype.
Generate a key for a matrix.
Returns a list of validator functions for the given protocol and unpack_ipv4.
Apply a mapping function to an element.
Return a list of all available environments.
Return True if the stdin is ready other False otherwise.
Delete all empty folders in check_empty_dir.
babelify a locale.
Multiplies x with h_fft multiply with h_fft.
Get a dictionary from an object.
Determines if a module should be skipped.
Create a file client if it doesn t already exist
Compress a KML file into a compressed KML file.
Join an avatar with a group.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the environment is virtual.
Format a datetime. datetime object.
Check if an object is a tool load error.
Return a list of addresses from a list of field values.
Compares a list of language strings to a list of languages.
Loads the data and returns a set of censors and exogs.
Generate root and weight matrices for the root and weight matrices.
Compress a list of arguments to a safe ZIP file.
Test that the model extension is a model extension.
Contextmanager that yields a list of nested managers.
Writes the specified value to the specified port.
Convert EC2 ID to EC2 ID.
Generate a custom site URL for the generator.
Apply a function to the group of matches in the given Match object.
Run refresh scores reset command.
Entry point for the command line interface.
Leave transaction management.
Get text without redundantmcode.
Check if a rectangle is smaller than eps.
Enhance the plugin with the given domains.
Put a container or object into a container.
Create a directory structure.
Test that censure_color_image_unsupported error is raised.
Wrapper around sudo popen that preserves environment variables.
Validate actions in target dictionary.
Compute the glorot normal of a shape.
newline with copy margin.
Returns a list of xmodule. js files.
XORs the given buffer with the given key.
Return a list of all lines in the given frags with the given widths.
Truncate a string to the specified length.
Force a unicode string to be unicode.
Convert a location to a URL.
Check if we need to fix SGEMV.
Visit the inheritance diagram of the given node.
Return the difference between two images.
Return a list of comments.
Get the user for the given token.
Strip HTML from a string or iterable.
Hook for hg_hook.
Return a tuple of boolean bool and str.
Manages the review route.
Format a string of verbose lookups.
Test symarray equality.
Returns the first level directory that exists at path.
Attaches a volume to a device.
Given a list of loops return a list of unique vertex tuples.
List the interfaces available on the system.
Return the class of the given object.
Get the options for a given method.
Solve the absolute problem of f with the given symbol and domain.
Test functionality of an application.
Show a question.
Get limit parameter from request.
Convert an HTTPResponse object to a response dictionary.
Pull a git repository.
Get the number of available ctids.
Simple sslwrap wrapper.
Log successful login of a user.
Parse the total storage limit.
Test that all random numbers are equal.
Run migrations offline.
Get the email preferences for a user.
Convert latex column to latex.
Return the list of ofp modules supported by the protocol.
Checkout an order with a hoppingcart.
Reset all permissions for a doctype.
Evaluates the evaluator for the given annotation.
Return True if value is a simple type.
Scale an image by side_length.
Log the query count for a given name_point.
Create a simple block from a list of tuples.
Return the iddr_aidi for the given mn and k.
Get the template id for a given template name.
Get the IP address of the remote host.
Fetch the first batch of commands from the database.
Get home directory.
Generate a hash of conda_packages.
Return True if filename is a text file.
Get the currently active view.
Return True if the given point is close to the given point.
Convert an integer to a long.
Validates arguments against lowercase.
Truncate sequences from base_pos to qual_scores.
Check if the given line number is in the clean_lines. elided dict.
Common LDAP initialization.
Check if a CLI is available on the system.
Get the version of the installed package.
Setup the platform for vera.
Transliterate unicode string to unicode.
Compute the selfsimilarity matrix for a set of feature vectors.
Formats a number of bytes into a format string.
Serialize data to a pickled Python object.
Returns True if the request has the specified permission.
Get a prototype from a dictionary.
Get or create a user list if it doesn t exist.
Main entry point for the tox_test_packages command.
Test that label2rgb and label2rgb are consistent.
Return the version of the dipy package.
Return the md5 hash of a word.
Return the MRO for the given class.
Confirm that the new statement has the same customer id as the customer id.
Setup the zigbee platform.
Unquote slashes in text.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the environment is virtual.
Sets the trimpoints of the specified technical lengths in the specified directory.
Create an annotated table for the given data.
Remove a volume type from a type.
Add an addon to a persona.
Create a new virtual machine.
Read noformat arbitrary file.
Encrypt data using Ohdave RSA.
Make a fakekqueue implementation.
Read no header autocolumn without header.
Delete metadata for a volume.
Parse a circular entry.
Concatenate list or tuples into a single tuple.
Increase the retention period of a stream.
Parse a RFC822 date string and return a time object.
Get the active website users.
Split a path into a list of paths.
Wraps the input array into the output array.
Get the label for the given revision.
Return relativee relative to base.
Decode timestamps from encoded string.
Return True if filepath is hidden or not.
Execute a command and return the output as a string.
Test that io_w is the same as read_source_estimate.
Get the status of a job.
Create a new enum from a sequence.
Add or modify a repo to a module.
Return a boolean and a string if the environment is virtual.
Calculate physical information.
Builds a correction answer for a set of atoms.
Return a boolean boolean and a string representing the virtual environment.
Validate the bitmap value.
Generate a list of tiles.
nltkdemo18plus - > nltkdemo18plus
Check if a locale is available.
Strip the site theme templates path from the given URI.
Make a remote copy of the bazaar source.
Match a list of tokens to a list of tokens.
Test that the coercing fill value type is correct.
Get crafted text from text archive.
Reads an integer from a file - like object.
Return a list of package IDs for a given package.
Return the path to the makefile.
Test that two active items have the same active flag.
Generate a random integer id.
Test that all file system entries in os are enumerated.
Apparent position is in true coordinates.
Escapes a string and returns it as a unicode string.
Describe a subnet.
Ensure distance is valid.
Format a date axis.
Train the Algebraic Algebraic Algebraic Algorithm
Encode a set of values into a string.
Return True if obj is a tree object.
Test describe_dhcp_options.
Test that the GCRS frames are the same as those in gcrs_frames.
Convert a list of ACs to a local name.
Escapes a script and returns it.
Get a new repository.
Extract a member from a zip file.
Compute the IDF of a list of tensors.
Get the raw FIF file.
Register a formatter as a formatter class.
Parses a list of tagged sentences and returns a list of sentences.
Convert a context dictionary to a string.
Get a module class from a class path.
Add locks to registry.
Outer join of left and right.
Skips a testtools skip decorator if the logical_line is not a testtools skip decorator
List all members of a user.
Return the inputs and outputs of a rule.
Toggle skill subscription.
Create a new mysensorsnotificationservice.
Simple test for rfill.
Get node zones from buddyinfo file.
Validates that the given bucket name is valid.
Test that the angular momentum of a rigid body is the angular momentum of a rigid body.
Get the entity group for the given reference.
Adds a weight regularizer to a variable.
Create a new Tensor variable with padding left.
Returns True if the current platform is a 64 - bit architecture.
Test phase - slope index.
Register a callback to be called when the application is finalized.
Generate a secure cookie secret.
get spider stats
Check the validity of a vtkey.
Print data to stdout.
Return a dense version of the orthogonal matrix.
Deepcopy some keys in a dictionary.
Coerce a path to a file system encoding.
Permutation test score.
Update a file with the given value.
Temporarily expect warnings on a database.
Open the terminal and return the openpty.
Test double install of pip.
Assert that the given world is usable to absorb lambdas.
Check if the user can delete a dictionary.
Return the URI for the given argument.
Check if refname is in refname.
Return a list of worker_fake_entries for the given group.
Make a histogram from a list.
Convert a string to a string representing a signal.
Create an instance of the genericscript class.
Return True if the environment is virtual.
Convert a dictionary to a normalized dict.
Intersect the trust region of x with the trust region s.
Expand variables in a path.
Test itersource for two join nodes.
Parse a GFF attributes string into a dictionary.
Restore a backup from a file or directory.
Returns a dictionary of summary URLs for the given url.
Sorts a dictionary value by the order of the keys in arg.
Runs the simulation.
Given a list of lines and a field return a dictionary of lib - > field IDs.
Get the partners of a frag.
Write table html with masked fill values.
Sample bootstraps from the given data.
Convert an index to one.
Create an update dashboard.
Coerce a value to an integer.
Fit an instance cell to a number of CPUs and memory.
Run line magics and user_ns and user_ns.
Start a test worker thread.
Decorator for django static functions
Returns True if var1 and var2 are the same graph.
Test for sampclienterror.
Get all request states.
Calculate the CRC of a string.
Get a list of typelibs for a module and version.
List all NIC tags in the network.
Flatten data into a flat list.
Print course tabs.
Load a template library.
Inverse of erfinv.
Make an HTTP PUT request.
Revoke an approval.
Return True if x is an integer or False otherwise.
Given a set of matches and a set of matches generate a set of probabilities for each group.
Ensure text is unicode.
Convert a native set to a python list.
Filter entries with published status.
Re - initialize the module.
Render a single page.
Validate that val is a valid repoweb string.
Get the latest episode of a series.
Convert x to a sequence.
Test that ica reject buffer is correct.
Returns a formatted string for the given struct type.
Reads the contents of a file and returns a list of stories.
Get the abi tag for the soabi configuration.
List all floating IPs in the cloud
Saturate a color by a percentage.
Get a method for a resource on a REST API.
Create notification for local prefix.
Command line interface.
Send a Slack message to a channel.
Get the backing memory map for a.
Load a subclass of this platform.
Convert a string to an unicodifier.
Remove a file or a link from a path.
Stub a barrier.
Returns the IP address for the given request.
Check if a service is upstart or upstart.
p_declarator_1 - > p_declarator_1
Returns the maximum width of a list of service names.
Configure BGP device.
Test try import with try_import.
Test run_multiproc_nondaemon_with_flag.
Kill an image.
Register event handler for emacs editing mode.
Create a new policy.
Render a changeset form.
Get the manipulated geometry output.
Describe the given data.
Implement timedelta sign implementation.
Convert bytes to long.
Get the datastore type for the given app.
Interpolate x and y into new_x.
Writes the output of the Skeinforge craft to a file.
List all the available VMware resourcepools.
Find the type of subscription that is available for the given subscription.
Renders injected HTML into the http response.
Generate a base64 - encoded HMAC - SHA256 ETag.
Iterate over colors grouped by field.
Check if the number of features is equal to the number of features
Register a Bootstrap theme tag.
Returns True if the group has volumes attached or with snapshots.
Get a storage engine.
Safely retrieve a design from the database.
Count the number of items in the collection.
Unban a user.
Translates a string to a string that can be used as a source of text.
Register a command to receive packets from a peer.
Rename all the transcripts in the current user.
Returns a list of models for the given app_labels.
Reply to the configured message.
Clean up the name for IAM.
Check if the given path is a reparse point.
Return the md5 hash of a password.
Fail if qtbot is not running.
Get all remote methods for the specified resolver.
Convert a Ticket to a tuple of ip attempts date and matches.
Refresh the policy.
Add a zone slave device to a service.
Test dcos client API.
Takes a list of values from iter and returns a list of values.
Create a valuation object from a list of concepts.
Test empty latest listing.
Split a line of text into words.
List pages and folders.
Collect the column names of the specified attribute specifications.
Raise an untested runtimeerror.
Get the bridge direction of a set of below loops.
Process a process and return its data.
Test that the min_informative_str function matches the input string.
Load a collection from configuration.
Deauth a monchannel.
Whois hook.
Create a list of tool dependency objects from the tool_shed_repository.
Log info message.
Initialize a flow - gram file.
Calculate the age of a given date.
Create a shabloom object.
Virtual version of boto3.
clausify an expression into a list of clauses.
Returns True if value < = arg.
Export a databook to a spreadsheet.
Get the bandwidth usage for a given interval.
Return mathml representation of expr.
Register a language manager.
Convert an unsigned struct to an unsigned struct.
Assert that the step command output contains multiple times.
Get an element node by its key.
Temporarily fake stdout and stderr.
Delete an event.
Raise an AssertionError if o1 and o2 are closer than epsilon.
Plot a series of unit points on the axes.
Parse a list of hosts into a set of hosts.
Get a retention policy for a database.
Returns True if the coordination url is configured to be mocked.
Parse a 227 response into a host and port tuple.
Start a virtual machine.
Check that the given fields are valid.
Test that the output format is compatible with hug s suffix.
Returns a unified diff between two pipeline definitions.
Returns the absolute path of the given object.
Get the distance from the first word of a text file.
Read styles from a style directory.
Returns the product of the factors of the given list of factors.
Return a list of media objects from a medialist.
peakdetection function for peak detection.
Return a list of objects matching a regular expression and a type.
Get information about an image.
Generate CRC16 table.
Indent a string by width.
View function for semantics.
Ship move command.
Handles the activation of a certificate for a course.
Renders the settings page.
Get the tag of a node.
Create a git head for the given path.
Stub the islink stub.
bench_r7 generates a list of random permutations
Calls the specified popenargs and raises an exception if the call was successful.
Collapse linebreaks in a string.
Computes the cross entropy of a sparse categorical cross entropy.
Get a work by id.
Empirical emboss of an image.
Create a file or directory.
Main entry point for the TLSv1 client.
A square of cdfvals along the specified axis.
Deletes the specified configuration from the system.
Create a pony middleware.
Build a request type for the given direction and direction.
Get barcode and raw sequence.
Send a request to the device and update the follower.
Openwindow wrapper for openwindow.
Create a cache cluster.
Returns True if the number of may_be_null can be null.
Convert an integer to a symbol.
Handle blacklists.
Generate a list of string statements.
Create a token store for the given file path.
Vector product of two vectors.
Generate a random string of length length.
Log the result of naglog.
Commit changes to the database.
Return the md5 hash of a resource.
Create a new channel.
Writes the documentation to the specified app.
Format a serial number field.
Finds the utmp file and returns it as a dict.
Get the changeset revisions that have changed since the last downloaded changeset.
Get all attribute names for a given object.
Compute the adjacency spectral spectral spectral of a graph.
wang - Ryzin reg.
Streaming change generator.
Create a graph of desargues.
Closes the specified CN object.
Determine sockets for a given address space.
Return the intersection of sets1 and set2.
Convert a FITS forward dictionary to a fixed orient forward dictionary.
Wrap x with m - m - m.
Import a library from an XML file.
Get desired package name from desired dict.
Generate an anon redirect URL.
Get a dictionary by name.
Return boolean boolean str and str_ if enabled.
Respond to a status inquiry packet.
Test for tokenize. multi_inner.
Return grains from grains cache.
The education level of the S3 bucket.
Locate the webserver path for the given description.
Serialize an object to unserialized JSON.
Delete a file from the backend.
Filter classes that have preconditions.
Constructor for a sparsetensorsharedvariable constructor.
Unary subtract operator.
Test for quartiles.
Remove hidden settings from a value.
Returns the ngettext of the model for the given object.
Install a flocker for the given package_source.
Test that the process never started.
Assert that first and second are of the same type.
Delete an object softly.
URL encode a value.
Invalidates the module pricing cache for the given driver type and name.
Returns a list of all regions in the cloudwatch cluster.
Return a string representing a column header.
Compute the entropy of x.
Assign a variable to a statement.
Return dedented nodetext from nodetext.
Register a bundle with the registry.
Return a hash of a distribution.
Matches a TS file to a set of strings.
Reset password for a user.
Find repeats in an array.
Guess the value of the given string using the default API.
Run the horcmgr routine.
Return true if elem is at the start of elem.
Get a mapping of license IDs to the old version revision license ids.
Setup the cmap to use.
Summarize the activations of x.
Returns a list of categories published for the given slug.
Register a volume driver.
Find the start points of a score matrix.
Quote url with safe.
Run standby in standby mode.
Test that dl_fail_blocklist is not updated.
Exponential exponential expansion.
Update a gecos configuration.
Print an error message to stderr.
Check if media is parsed.
Test that bdf_data is valid.
Unpack a file from a URL.
Makes a text button.
Return a changeset revision that has no tool test components.
Parse a URL and return a tuple of urlparse objects.
Solve the Jacobian of a matrix by jit.
Update a resource in a zone.
Convert an item to a resource recordset.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the environment is virtual.
Remove all dag task instances from the database.
Get the frontend url.
Internal function to display a tfr unified image.
Returns True if the user has fulfilled any prerequisites.
Get the value of an attribute on a device pointer.
Make inverse operator bads.
List all the processes in a given address space.
Convert a string to snake case.
Returns the JSON representation of the response.
Given a list of xintersectionstables return a dictionary of intersectionofxintersectionstables that
Insert axis in strides.
Get a list of all projects in the eggs directory.
Check if two paths are the same.
Callback method that will be called when the callback method is invoked.
Print input_arr to env. generate_input_data
Get the current theme.
Read a list of keys from a key.
Returns a list of scheduler events for the given event.
Get all enabled and available services.
Main entry point for spyder.
Raise valueerror if field_name is not in data_fields.
Format the generated config header.
Fetch tool versions from tool_shed_repository.
Parse cap_gis_location_xml_post_parse.
Callback for blame applications.
Get information about a template.
Return the paging request type 2.
Return the filename of the version file.
Export a databook as JSON.
Returns a swagger schema for the given action parameters.
Estimate dlogz and var_dlogz from weights.
Test that follow_import_incomplete is complete.
Get the state of a joyent node.
Format a device into a string.
Convert web. httperror or web. httpforbiddenerror to web. httpinfo.
Get the MD5 of a file.
Get the application ID from the environment variable.
Detach a zone from the system.
Encrypt data using modeofoperation.
List all storage accounts.
Test that meta dictionary is not valid.
Symlink source to destination.
Generate a random x number.
Check the number of n_jobs.
Read a link from a file.
Get the capture log level.
Parse a list of key - value pairs into a dictionary.
Load all tvshows from the database.
Check the write of a repository.
Return the key for a mpirecv wait or mpisendwait key.
Create a directory lock file.
Add a schema entry for a given model type.
Return a decoder function that decodes a string using the given conv_func.
Convert a date object to a datetime object.
Compute the center of the transform matrix for the center of the transform matrix.
Run a test job.
Find a resource by name or id.
Test that memory is aligned with memory.
Return True if the environment variable should be profiled.
Validates that the length of the string value is within the specified maximum length.
Forceescape a value.
Returns a list of tuples containing the ID pairs for each track in track_list.
Register a class with the registry.
Takes a string and returns a datetime. datetime object.
Format a IPv6 address as a string.
Parses the assignment metadata from a CSV file and yields a generator of module supported_by and
Check if the request host is in the whitelist.
Delete a user from the database.
View for the welcome page.
Return the virtual name of the module.
Register a canonicalizer for abs_lifting.
Given a list of arguments return the last argument that was passed to the function.
Generate translations for the given item.
Check if a graph is a threshold graph.
Get account id from ARN.
Perform a cdlpiercing on a set of bards.
Assert that an event is a datasource protocol.
Update global vmx path
Return a list of all static unit names.
Convert a schemata schema to a dict.
Forcefully exit the program.
Evaluate the polynomial of a function f with the given gens.
Temporarily suspend vimbufferproxy edits.
Specify a struct or union specifier.
Create a ctypes array from a ctypes pointer.
Build a filter query from a list of arguments.
Returns the s3rest controller for allocation.
Build a dictionary of url params from a lookup dict.
Process the xmodule assets.
Convert a machine dictionary to a dictionary.
Print an error message and exit.
Check if a device is mounted on the system.
Return the name of the virtualenv.
Check if a segment is completelyinan intersection.
Print available languages.
Convert rads to radsec.
Convert a T expression into a T expression.
Generate a URL for the evidence page for a user.
Confirms that the keyhint has the expected text.
Set the p - to - zero subtensor i to zero.
Scale a value to a given range.
A shared task that returns a tuple of the root_id and parent_id of the task
Show a user s detail page.
Create a cellisrule.
Get a list of python directory names recursively.
Convert a model class to an entity schema.
Remove a jacket from a container.
Convert a value to a float.
Return a list of all nodes in the cloud
Sample from a mixture of mixtures.
Check if the user has permission to access the currency.
Check if the code exists in the revision.
Definition type setter.
Add translations to flaskbb group.
Return the identity response.
Resolve a PDF object reference to a PDF reference.
Connects to the identity_loaded signal that the identity needs to be loaded.
Check if a config file is safe to read.
Count the number of records in a file.
Installs the module as a pgi repository.
Fail a deferred with the given result.
Delete an instance info cache.
Print a list of equality predicates.
List all repos in APT.
Return a list of doctests for the given text file.
Fetch an option from a config dictionary.
True iff this is true otherwise False.
Anonymize a MAC address.
Format a list of args and kwargs into a string.
Check system state change.
Redirect to the root page if the user is logged in.
Convert a mobius field to an interval.
Decorator for account settings view.
Test the cross product of two 3D arrays.
Get support mail support.
Parse a string representing a date in RFC822 format.
Convert a datetime object to ISO8601.
thresh for bayes.
Read a little - endian value from a file - like object.
Compute the node get by host and nodename.
Run categorylinksplugin with a customer.
Return a list of integers sorted according to the sort order of a string.
Set power state.
Closes the cover tilt for the specified entity.
Extract key and value pairs from a list of parameters.
Convert a pct value to an integer.
Get the file name for the given object.
Get the images table for the given meta.
Crop an image by the given ratio.
Least - squares polynomial function.
Concatenate multiple XML files into a single string.
Check the correctness of channelwise function f.
Daemonizes the process if the command line flag is set.
Replay gain mode.
Get all auditlog entries for a given offset.
Test that module completion is not successful.
Return system metadata as a dictionary.
Stops the running process.
Print a job to the master.
Start a new thread.
Get a security group port from a device.
Sleep for a given amount of time.
Calculates the average of temp_base using get_average.
Get the worksheet thickness of an element node.
Test that the stockwell API is correct.
always_yes is a no - op
Return a list of naughty strings.
Connect to cloud blockstorage.
Convert a datetime object to an ordinal float.
Test that sympy import pi raises an error.
Creates a server error handler for the given template.
Create a category from a sequence of bits.
Return the filename of the renewal file for the given lineagename.
Return an iterator over all collectors.
Return the number of GPUs in the running process.
Return a list of paths to plugin package paths.
View for nesting exceptions.
Write a complex128 to the fifft file.
Expand a list of columns from an order_by list.
Fit sample with indices.
Check if a topic exists in the specified region.
Sorts the input_iterator into a single output_path.
Get the date of a commit id.
Find the release date source for the given xblock.
Get a connection to the mail server.
Get the seed number.
Test that pip is installed in the requirements file.
Delete a thread.
Test remote delete draft.
Run a test suite.
Insert a new record into a table.
Get the current viewport.
Update a port
Generate a salt string.
Read the directory changes.
Test the step schedule.
Return True if the image with the given UUID is present.
Parses a module and returns the visitor module.
Raises raised arguments.
Normalize a version string.
Create a crispy addon tag.
Temporarily hide attributes from an object.
Acquire the lock.
Initialize terrain module.
Create a studio task.
Given a list of attachments return a sequence of attachments.
Open an error resource.
Symb - > xobj
Returns True if the confirm_time is less than or equal to confirm_time.
Loop until all messages have been sent.
Install packages in xbps_path.
Verify that setuptools has downloaded setuptools.
Runs test_htmlinputter with no bs4.
Scans a file or a file and returns a list of video objects.
Get the total volume of an inv item.
Print all queries.
dmp_ground returns a ground c with u degrees of freedom.
Return the path to the doc file for the given extension.
Test scenario with inline comments.
Human resource controller.
Find the absolute path of the given appname in searchpaths.
Return the address of an endpoint.
Create a temporary config directory.
Get the parents of a content item.
Returns a list of datasets that follow the specified user.
Add a batch axis to a tensor.
Generate a random logo.
Split a host and port into a tuple of host and port.
Clone the repo if it exists.
Split a string into its version and version.
Replace a string in a policy file or append a new string to the policy data.
Pass a bracket to a source string.
List all teams in the organization.
Returns the controller for the note field.
Get the current privileges for the current process.
Sets the default values for the CORS middleware.
Yields all files in base_path with suffix.
Show weights for a given model
Convert naive timestamp to UTC.
Get the cohorting settings for a course.
EXTRude the text of a file.
Get a batch notification listener.
Adds a classifier layer to a network.
Test that the prefix of the table matches the prefix of the table.
Check if a view is a list view.
Test that gmini version 1. 2 is not installed.
Raise exc_unexpected if expected is not argument. ignore.
Returns the unwrapped ball of data.
Make a 2D grid from x1 and x2.
Get multiple values from memcache.
Extracts large test array and small test array.
Assert that the response has the same status code body and headers.
Unescapes the given text.
Initialize the inotify module.
Find the base image for a given flavor.
Test that q is the same as q.
Remove any null - reference - call pairs from a function.
Add checksums for glacier requests.
Parses a list of colors into a list of tuples.
Try to open a request and return the uh and bool_.
Run docker pull command.
Assert that ensure_list_csv returns a list of strings.
Send a cbsent message to the reactor.
Create a VBD record.
Remove all modules from pre_mods and post_mods
Compare nzf1 and nzf2 for equality.
Open a path in quteproc.
Convert a doc_id and label to a JSON string.
Ensure that the named host is absent.
Merge a folder into another folder.
Test the description of a feature on a long named feature.
Find a register package in the registry.
Update the current fluent for the given orderbook ID or list of symbols.
Return the other endian of a type.
Find the nearest point of x along the specified axis.
Print confusion matrix.
Convert a list of items to a dictionary.
Get all EIP addresses.
Dump a Python function to a string.
Unpack the bits of myarray into a cupy. ndarray.
Return a blank line.
Send a message to a specific topic.
Destroy an instance.
Read a config file and return a dictionary.
Extend a salt extension with a salt. utils. extend. run.
Apply a function over a number of arguments.
Group messages by class and id.
Shortstr a string.
Find the closest distance index to a point in a loop.
Get the indentword for the source code.
Convert a datetime to a timestamp.
Feature selection of documents.
Return a list of floating IP addresses.
Returns a dictionary of context variables to be used in debug mode.
Returns True if the given address is included with the given prefix.
Get the settings for the current user.
Add a user to a list.
Combine multiple ws parts into a single ws string.
Randomly interpolate the x - values with the given violin.
Return True if the system is frozen False otherwise.
Build all of the latex tables.
Generate a calibration matrix.
Calculate the group rank data for a set of samples.
Main entry point for the markdown module.
Loglike log - likelihood.
Test that a vocabulary lexeme is less than or equal to the given text1 and text
Import a CSV file into the data store.
Convert a value to a slug.
Return a suite of tests loaded from sys. modules
Command line interface for extending lixian tasks.
Render a template to a string.
Get a list of library directories.
Create a UDP header for the given src dst and payload.
Swap two rows of a matrix.
Print progress by string.
An internal error handler that sets context status headers headers and output headers.
floor mat to the floor of mat.
Returns a concatenated list of originallists.
Get information about an object.
Return True if l is a list.
Kill a coroutine.
Add a multi - fusion operation to a node.
Fetch inactive registration IDs from the APNS.
Check if key is expired in url.
Validate a config dictionary.
Returns a list of paths to the ancestry of the given path.
Sends a decision email if the instance has changed.
Start a gluster volume.
Get the number of phones in the telephony service.
Remove a pyc. pyo file if it exists.
Test that pip does not contain a missing argument.
Resolve a document.
Initialize the module for the given mpstate.
Logs an exception to the logger.
Run a decompiler on a DDDDDDDDDDDDD
Yields the nova localization strings for the given tokens.
Test that the Smoteenn and Smoteenn ratio are valid.
Load configuration from default and user.
Convert a list of bytes to an integer.
Parse the update rule and return a dictionary of update rules.
Log multivariate normal density with spherical distribution.
Extract a zipfile and all its contents into a directory.
Get the output attribute of a wsdlaction operation.
Return True if the given module is a fake vim object.
Return True if atrun is enabled.
Returns a list of all subpackages in the specified directory.
Get the migration username for a user.
Create a fixture that will be run in the database.
Checks if the value is a valid IDB person ID.
Assert that uuids are the same.
Get an access token from a code.
Calculate freedman Diaconis bins.
Set an expireat for a key.
Render a template and write it to dest.
Verify that the certificate is valid.
Test random_sample with repeated computation.
Return the sss of l1 l2 l3.
Install readline hook.
Try to connect to an IPv6 socket.
Check if a port is open.
Create a WSGI application.
Run bulk build on a package.
Find a module by name.
Parse a list of RGB values.
Remove groupname_ignore_seps from string
Create a disk from a distribution.
Calculate the probability density function for the given observation.
Ensure dashboard is absent.
Create a new canvas for a figure.
Initialize a test.
Return an MD5 hash of a word using the SHA - 512 algorithm.
Prepend www to a URL.
Return a list of rows from a field.
Return a list of all themes in the specified directory.
Return the literal value of a node.
Create a keyhint view.
Add a heavy job to the registry.
Get the upstreamlink portgroup for a given portgroup name.
Get the parent module of the given level.
Verify that the bucket is writable.
Register all registered file extensions.
Decode a unicode string to unicode.
Checks if the given url is a valid URL.
Set the host variable to the given value.
Summarize activations.
Return net_if_stats for all net_if_flags and net_if_du
Convert a string value to a lower case string.
Find the absolute number of the given indexer and indexer.
Test the initial state of the oss.
Returns True if the given method is a static method of the given class.
Initialize a gamestate from a SGF root object.
Callback for generating client libraries.
Set the SSL certificate for a site.
Main WSGI application.
Strip prefix from device name.
Return a list of nameservers.
Convert an IPv6 address to a PETOC number.
Return the query string for the given model in the session.
Sort a list of records by chunkindex.
Create a tree from a list of files.
Return the treetypes of the given root node.
Return an iterator over the container list.
Get the name of an instance.
Registers a command line interface that can be used to edit and execute the command.
Return the ARN for the given name.
Set the position of the media player.
Returns a dummy config spec for a dummy VM create.
Load summary protos from memcache.
Extract from urllib3.
Logarithmic function.
Returns True if the graph is an independent set.
Get a bitmap of the given layer and coordinate.
Get the vn_id for the specified virtual network.
View for the financial assistance page.
Remove a site from the RV Manager.
Returns the Semver version of the given version string.
Check the status of a service.
Parse a version string into a tuple of integers.
Multiply two dimensions.
Fixture for language 0.
Convert a webattack vector to a webattack vector.
Compute the regularization for the given alpha and l1 ratio.
Make a HTTP query to the specified url.
Ensure that the named index template is absent.
Create a QPalette object with the given light color and color.
Run linkcheck on the system.
Test that a string is visible in the caret tester.
Returns True if the Tk type is a quartz string.
Parse a gid into its integer value.
Returns True if the environment variable is standard.
Registers a new language manager.
Create a snapper pre for a given jid.
Return the number of logical CPUs in the system.
Test that cpu_serial is consistent with core serial.
Write contents to a file.
Given a list of cupy. ndarrays return a list of cupy. ndarrays with
Run popen and return the output of the process.
Run the test suite.
View a specific task time slot.
Test that allknn. sample is fit.
Returns the size of the file at path.
Returns the subscription controller for the S3 REST service.
Find an executable in the current working directory.
Given a harrisim object return a list of coordinates that can be used to filter the har
Encode topo_x to rings.
Dump data to a pickle file
Set basic logger warning level.
Validate that the device and partition are valid.
Get the list of messaging URLs.
Truncate an alert to a maximum number of bytes.
Return the binary version of the current context.
Convert from 7l777m to 7l777m.
Returns a list of sub - prims and dicts from a list.
Get the version number of the rar5 file.
Reverse a view.
Redirect to the specified location.
Test scenario post email email.
Generate a ssh key for a user.
Set the relationship strategy for the default load option.
Enter XML in anadvanced problem.
Register a boolean icon.
Get the SQL to flush the given tables and sequences.
Upload an image stream optimized to a VM.
Run the audio loop.
Transform a QTransform object to its inverted representation.
Generate a list of targets from a target_source.
Main entry point for the xenapi script.
View function for interacting with twitter.
Get a list of users in a profile.
Destroy a vm.
Write noheader with noheader delimiter.
Check if a weight is a dynad weight.
Return True if obj is in nested_list
Command - line command for bumping a version.
Convert a name value to a BSON object.
Check if the user is logged in.
Parse a response and return a dictionary of content.
Validate that value is a read preference.
Execute a plugin and return the result.
Check estimators fit returns self.
Load the ldconfig cache.
Compare two Lbps.
Make a slug for a list.
Parse a version string and return a version object.
Returns a tuple of boolean bool and str representing the virtual name of the module.
Return a list of items that intersect baselist and comparelist.
Return the document as JSON.
Import a module by its fully qualified name.
Return a list of primary key names for the given model.
Modify a packet based on low - layer compatibility and high - layer compatibility.
Replace host_addr with host_addr with host_addr.
Extract a snapshot from a disk.
Get the difference matrix for a given dimension.
Returns a list of domains for a certificate.
Check if the user and group ownership of a symlink exists.
Define all servers in the configuration.
Return cpu_count of physical cpus.
Setup a universal mediaplayer platform.
Reopen the specified zpool.
Quit the application.
Return a list of binaries for qt5 qml plugins.
Check if nupicbindingsprereleaseinstalled is installed.
Stage a platform in the platform directory.
Send data to a netlog file.
Check if dhcp options exists.
Fixture for blob upload.
Return a list of positive integers from a string or list of integers.
Tag a template tag.
Return the newderivation of the given element node.
Make the ad - hoc covariance matrix and compare it with the ad - hoc covariance matrix
Report raw stats to the given sect.
Return the hazard controller.
Test that copy_transpose works correctly with backend_pair_dtype.
Disconnect from the API.
Remove old versions of upgrade code from the database.
Get a template by name.
Remove handlers from app.
Get crafted text from text.
Add commands to menu.
Print graphsize arguments report.
Find autosummary lines in a list of files.
Check if html is valid.
Import modname or skip mod if minversion is less than minversion.
Synchronously run a list of URLs.
Get the most recent exercises for a user.
Generate include search paths for a given header.
Setup the flux platform.
Gradient of the Wilks lambda function.
Validates that the given dtype_set is the same as the given dtype_set.
Returns a human - friendly label for a field.
Update plex.
Registers a new lang - info manager.
Main entry point for the datastorebackup command.
Convert an ordinal float to a timezone aware datetime object.
Show affinity group properties.
Make a trans from fromstr to tostr.
Read a stored checksum from the store.
Mute a string.
Authenticate user and redirect to signup page.
Cleans a string and returns it as a string.
Check if a path is an unsaved path.
Report an unknown attribute.
Get a nova session.
Convert a datetime to a timestamp protobuf.
Generate a random hex UUID.
wrapper for ndb. toplevel
p_unary_expression_2 returns a p_unary_expression_1
Read the content of a cached file.
Generate a random numpy array of size random characters.
Stops the current window.
Test equality of channels.
Get the parms for a service.
Returns true if the xblock has children visible to specific content groups.
Generate a random string of nchars characters.
Update the memory usage of a BSD.
Create a base cipher for the given dictionary parameters.
Call the xenhost plugin.
Convert an XML element to a classname.
turnintintostrindict and turnintintostrinlist
Example entry point for the management feed demo.
Create a testing engine.
Submit a file and return the external id and the message.
Remove samples from a path.
Return a decoder function that decodes a string using the given conv_func.
Generate a fake site name.
Format a signal and arguments.
Unpack epochs from a list of epochs.
Parse a method descriptor.
Return True if the given name is available.
Remove a message from a channel.
Visit the inheritance diagram of the given node.
Convert a list of vs to a list of TUPs.
Asserts that the clock is idle.
Check if a paypal id is valid.
Put a list of strings to stderr.
Get the context for the sidebar announcements.
Get a key or key from an entity or a key.
Makes desired capabilities for SAucelabs.
Return a tuple of booleans and the virtual name of the minion.
Test that the sip_hst header fits fits. header. fits. header. fits.
Check if x is a puiseux.
Create a dict from a list of rows.
Create a list form for editing a list form.
Convert a dict to a list of IDs.
Test that the attribute is empty.
Read the head shape of a BTI file.
Normalize paths and reduce them if they are not already in the reduced paths list.
Return the osname and osid for the given flavor.
Compute the node betweenness between a node and a source node.
Get the buffer size of an interface.
Helper function for diff_expand_link.
Fixes the XML string in the text and returns it.
Produce a shortest path from a list of locations.
Fail if nm fits with invalid ratio.
Return the size of the queue in bytes.
Generate a list of names for a module.
Set device mtu.
Return the URL of the doc for a page.
Register a new core manager with the hub.
Convert a list of HSV values to RGB values.
Get the helix complexpath for the given helix type and XML element.
Return a list of all active child processes.
Returns the current trackpoint controller.
Return the basename of a list of files.
Render a label.
Return an eye for a sparse matrix.
Discard the body of a response.
Make a suite from a dictionary.
Restrict a dataset to the specified fold.
Get all datasets associated with a list of lddas.
Delete a task from memory.
Get the flow for a given volume.
Tests that the template_url should be cloned.
Get the weight of the persisted block from the persisted block.
Split a string using shlex.
Labeled statement.
Write data to a file descriptor.
Generate a set of random names.
Sync all modules and pillars.
Setup the platform for the AlarmDecoder.
Destroy a volume type.
Return True if x is an arraylike.
Create a new metadef resource type.
Decompose a power -rat expression into base and exp.
Create a private IP for the given linode.
Return a string representation of the given version.
Return True if finding matches a filter.
Parse a rule and return a list of command line arguments.
Add vectors to vocab.
Checks if the given image name is a valid image name.
Get the real social auth object for the current running pipeline.
Load backends and plugins and return the build configuration.
Create a tensor of the given dimension.
Get the salt interface from the cloud.
Return a boolean and a string representing the virtual environment.
Download a webfile from a URL.
Return the executable for the specified process.
Return an unhandled exception message.
Unpickle a model.
Returns the full url for the given server name port and relative url.
Check if the given command is an app.
Check if we have bug 17666.
Return the CNV name for an attribute.
Get all mirrors for a given git name.
Get the SSL adapter class for the specified name.
List all items in a queue.
Convert an absolute path to a URI.
Process paths.
Flatten a series of applications into a list of applications.
Get the application id for the given ios.
Returns the standard deviation of the standard deviation of the given data frame.
Add a powerline segment to the system.
Get an attribute from the configuration.
Add a definition token to a list of tokens.
Check if a user id exists in the database.
Evaluates the given image.
Given a list of signed dtypes return a list of signed dtypes.
Simple regression wrapper for model. predict
Run the WSGI server on the specified application.
Validate a sound string.
Tamper a string.
Wrapper for the delete_filesystem API.
Returns True if the given scope is a private variable.
Format data and print out to out.
Move a file from one location to another.
Initialize console logging.
Base64 encode attachments in a MIME message.
Blends two or more columns together.
Setup supervisor.
Find the index of x in a that is less than x.
p_assignment_expression_2 is a wrapper around p_assignment_expression
Create and configure org facility.
Run a runner on the minion.
Compare two dicts and report the differences.
Read a partition file and yield tuples.
Format a traceback exception.
Returns a dictionary of weather data for a location.
Process an element node.
Get a list of students from a student batch.
Set backend policy for a backend server.
Clears the current context.
Refine the expression with the given assumptions.
Add a package to a list of packages.
Initialize a grrapi connection
Create a task filter.
Serialize a type with a template for the given accessor and types.
Fail if settings_names_dict does not match the number of required settings.
Send email for an order.
Decodes the payload of a task.
Generate a random filename.
Convert url to IP address.
List all installed packages.
Post match.
Run the OSX command.
Count the number of file chunks in a zipinfo object.
Check if a bug is logged in.
Base64 encode data using base64.
Return the SHA - 1 hash of an object.
Expands the given path with environment variables and expanduser.
Get the local service for the given service name.
Check if a column has a value.
Create a new topic.
Decorator for plugin stage.
Return netstat information for Linux systems.
Restrict dict keys to only those keys in keys.
Create a Thrift service and add it to the stack.
Convert an excinfoor failure to an exception.
Return the power of a normal distribution with the given effect size nobs and alpha.
Returns a mssql - old password for the given password and salt.
Return a configuration object.
Return a safe representation of the given object.
Add two images to a single image.
Match a metric.
Returns a list of available locales.
test for divmod functions
Fixture for keyparser.
Create a new volume glance metadata.
Get a month by name.
Decorator for registering filter functions.
Return the Legen of x.
Run freeview_bem_surfaces.
Add a course to an organization.
Get the default site for the specified app.
Download a setuptools package.
Show user flags.
Computes the error rates for the given label and word counts.
Convert Cartesian coordinates to polar coordinates.
Create a thin LV on the specified VG.
Returns the metadata for the latest downloadable repository if it includes tools.
Mocks requests. get method.
Ensure that the named parameter is absent.
Create a constant with the given dtype.
Process an XML element.
Convert relative path to absolute local path.
Initialize the signing module.
Test the univariate differiculum test.
Update unread queries for the given inbox_rels.
Return an orthogonal projection of n.
Get the value of a key in a float by defaultfloat.
Marks a job as approved.
Get the training model.
Crops an image to a square.
Get the profile object for this user.
Get memory information as a dictionary.
monkeypatch xonsh. main to monkeypatch xonsh. main
Get provider Xrds URL.
Send args to Spyder.
Enables or disables named outer - atomic caches.
Create a step function that prints the given remark to the console.
Returns the number of days of the week in the current week.
Split a low tag into state id name and fun.
Replacement for web. shorten.
Write data to a file.
Reverse a path.
Get the secondary language for the current site.
Find an account by email address or None if no account is found.
Set up all modules in treeio.
Parse a simpleflake into a simpleflake structure.
Parses a streaming media JSON object into a dictionary of streams.
Given a node return the GEMM of the node.
Write data to stdout.
Get stats for all players in a game.
Return a colored version of the given string.
Main entry point for the command line interface.
Return the root of the zipline root.
Set the maximum number of memory to use for the current process.
Safesqlidentificatornaming.
Parse a localename.
Return True if x is an iterator.
Temporarily remove any handlers for a logger.
Render value in context.
Return the number of characters in the string.
Show details about a keypair
Unzip a list of ls into a list of nout.
Check if the given image is extendable.
Test format of pep8 files.
Detach a load balancer from a load balancer.
Parse a list of lines into a list of stories.
Returns a tuple of boolean boolean and str_.
vk_api wrapper for vk_api.
Download a webhdfs file.
Get the text representation of a list.
Stop geoserver.
Given a path return a list of tuples containing the path components and the full path components.
Set the SELinux state of a module.
Get an RVM object.
Call maybe_callable if needed.
Variance of the directional variance of x.
Decorate a function to return astroidbuilding exceptions.
Returns the number of messages sent by the stored cookie.
Extract the full url path and query from the request url.
Return a user directive that can be used as a user directive.
Given a list of versions return a list of versions that have the same major minor and point versions
Remove a section from an INI file.
Enable or disable debug logging.
Remove selfdependencies from targets.
Return a boolean indicating whether the given text is an invalid marker.
Pack x into a list.
Format a fastq record.
Collapse spaces in a string.
Tkinter error handler
Check if cache headers are valid.
Get a poem from a given host and port.
Test human readable formatting.
Add a ratelimit rule to the global rules list.
Delete all empty folders in check_empty_dir.
Finish concatenating data.
Return the mine data for the specified tgt_type.
Save regex iptables to output.
Reads a jcal file from a file - like object.
Decodes the given value using UTF - 8.
Check if a connection is dropped.
Defove a channel from a list of rings.
Try to obtain the OS version from a show version string.
Quote string s with safe + str_.
Quote a string for use in comments.
Add a domain to bench.
List all users.
Test that two model instances have the same number of inputs and outputs.
Load all certificates in a directory.
Emulate hscan.
Return a hex representation of a list of strings without quotes.
i_see_the_set_dates - see_the_set_dates
Return a string representation of a table.
Resolve a symbolic link.
Decode a base64 string and decompress it.
Return the ratio between two strings s1 and s2.
Parse authentication header.
Squeeze x along the specified axis.
Clear password for a server.
Perform a strxor between term1 and term2.
Read data from a mmap file.
Create a temporary file.
Returns the gcd_dataset environment variable.
Set the value of a field in a document.
Get the path to a jail.
Reload a module.
Convert a locale string to a lower - case version.
Returns the basename of the given path.
Test the instantiation of a YAML file.
Duplicates a spherical bessel function n by dup_spherical_b
Openshift loadbalancer backends.
Sets the enabled flag of all objects in the specified objects.
Update the woeid of a trigger.
Copy the future state from one future to another.
Update params with new projection from bools.
Replacement for pip.
Returns the default language code for the given locale or the default one if no locale is specified.
Resize an image.
Extract timestamp from data at position.
Decorator for registering a filter that prepends HTTP if not necessary.
Find the credentials for the given environment.
Create a assemble error status.
Make a lineage from a testfile.
Determine the value of the response based on the authreq header.
Check if user is authenticated.
Convert a media size to a long integer.
Get the current position of the context loop.
Print summary of installed hosts.
Return a human - readable duration string.
Set up a salt environment.
Configure logging.
Add a header and value to the context.
Convert a range to a list of nets.
Decode a string of 64 - bit chops into a list of integers.
Check if client options are present in config.
Get a network by CIDR.
Test elemwise erfinv in GPU.
Create a list of tags in AWS format.
Reset all globals to none.
Find the start positions of the lines of a code.
Send alerts to all products.
Update the dependencies of a target.
Test parsing null as None.
Warn for non - existent targets.
Reset warnings to default values.
Return True if sys. platform is a netbsd platform.
Test that the broken number is broken.
Greatest common divisor.
Looks up the given encoding.
Local git branch.
Get version number from config file.
Get a host by IP address
Calculate the primcurrences for the given rr and coils.
Post - Upgrade hook.
Get the options for the returner.
Call a command asynchronously.
Create a cascade of apps.
Delete a draft from the database.
Return a copy of f with normal normal k.
Convert a value to an integer comma separated list.
Find the typeparent of element with tag tag.
Prints the given arguments to stderr or sys. stderr
Binhex encode a binary file and write it to out.
Get the Openshift version of a container.
Get the document controller for the given doctype.
Create a model from a dense layer sizes convolutions convolutions convol
Duplicate a media object.
Update the floating IP value for the specified address.
Teardown test for teardown.
Create a new key.
Peeks at a file and returns the path and head of the file.
Determine if the given node has an acceptable title.
Link a KEGG database to a target database.
Remove a sysrc file from the system.
Parse a Subject object into a dictionary.
Map a string to a function.
Send a list of videos status updates to the user.
Edit a coordinator dataset.
Setup the amcrest platform.
Load a dictionary from a file.
Port all entities in a datastore.
Raises an AssertionError if d1 is less than d2.
Mark a statement as blank.
Get the name of the currently active branch.
Add a list of functions to a list of togetherlists.
Compute the softplus of x.
Install the Kqueuereactor.
Fanoutcast a message to a topic.
Takes a set of idxs from vals and returns a numpy array of idxs taken from
Return a list of documents for the given locale.
Get a list of available images.
Convert text to word sequence.
Add an integer to an instance.
Gaussian smoothstep.
Remove a path from a container.
Yield tuples of args and mydict.
Check if a schedule is disabled.
Add a search command to a playlist.
Check if the page is a 404 page.
Check if the given title is a series episode.
Insert default options into sys. argv.
Update contacts_provider with contacts_sync.
Create a listmaker node for list comprehension.
Clear the cache for a placeholder.
Generate a crypted version of the given code.
Saves a forum role.
Declare a task as foo.
Return the previous media list player.
Returns True if the network time is set to network time.
Clean up temporary test directory.
Get the maximum age of a response.
Check the job dependencies for all hosts in the job.
Create a new syncpoint.
Check if the given ipaddress resolves to the given host.
Return True if expr has a delta with the given index.
Find get notebook pages.
Remove a MySQL user from a MySQL host.
Run karma task.
Reconint reconintion function
Find a multipart post boundary.
Register a serializer module for the given format.
Get the pants scm object.
Check if the given discussion_id has access to the given discussion_id.
Run pip with non - editable where it contains a dev string.
Load the dependencies of a package.
Obtain a certificate from the specified plugins.
Generate a random Crap string.
Record payment information for order.
Match a template filename against the filetype tool.
Tampers the given payload with random characters.
std_cdf returns the standard deviation of x.
Return a tuple of the list of enumerators of type list 2.
Split code at show.
Safely convert extra to lower case.
Get art for an Asin album.
Restore a previously saved resource.
Approximate the Euclidean distance between two numbers.
Generate a random string.
Test that missing localized folders are not localized.
cmserviceaccept packet.
Shorten the body to keep_header and keep_trailer.
Get the download url of a batch job when ready.
Load a Pycryptodome library.
List all members without mfa.
Merge a list of segments into a single segment.
Find a module by fullname and return its filename and description.
Extract entities from a template.
Test for rl_backward_kill_word.
Check if a file is an archive file.
Read a character list from a file.
Remove entities that match the given regex pattern.
Test Gaussian prior greater than one.
List all groups.
Apply a set of operators to an expression.
Encode a float.
Remove a module from the system.
Find package data.
View function that returns the list of orders and statuses for a given user.
Recursively assign a list of items to a list of items.
Generates a path between two rules and a list of rules.
Add a time stamp to every element of a document.
Create the default config directory if it doesn t exist.
Concatenate multiple lists into a single list.
Create a figure with the current axes.
Plots histograms.
Randomly sample a sphere.
Register a hug directive.
Create a trials object from a list of documents.
Get the endgeometry XML string as a string.
Prefetch one or more related objects at a time.
Unsharp mask.
Calculate sigmoid of x.
Get the architecture of an image.
Returns a list of path parts for the given path.
Check if a resource is available or not.
Disable tracing.
Given a py_source and a dictionary of replacements return a py_source with the replacement strings
Return a summary of the summary for the given worker.
Returns a list of stylesheets in settings. stylesheet_dirs
Check if the given node is an ancestor name of the given frame.
Deprecated. Please use objecttype instead
Create a new collection for the given sequence.
Add loopsx segment intersections to lineloopsintersections.
Returns the S3 REST controller for the current resource type.
Returns the difference between two sets of numbers.
Run a command on multiple app servers.
Check the status of a qdatastream.
Remove all cached streams that have expired.
Get the list of services.
Parses a django adminopt node and adds it to the signode
Grab the certificatebot log.
Submit a POST request.
Combine common sections into a single list.
Iterate over a range of bytes from a file.
Load data and labels from positive and negative data files.
Save content to the contentstore.
Check if a cookie is present in the response.
Writes the output of the first translator to a file.
Returns a dictionary of fields of the given object.
Command line interface for auditing changes.
Encode a quopri message.
Transfer the closest path from oldorderedlocation to remainingpaths.
Check if the user can commit a translation for a project.
Validate a package data file.
Yield subdocuments from a document.
Return a new ref.
Flush all data from the Redis database.
Get the input value for the given css selector.
Returns a list of mechanisms from the XMPP server.
Check if a connection has a specific method.
Verify the email address of a user.
Decorator to register a string filter.
Accept or reject an invite.
Convert a value to a float.
Test that all zeros have the same length.
Deserialize count specifications from text.
Return the expression of a variable.
Log ch information.
Returns a dictionary of functions for the given proxy object.
Get a list of colors for a given key.
Return the sum of all booleans for the given field.
Returns the maximum vector3 that corresponds to the given path.
Truncate the expression f using the polification algorithm.
Return the absolute path of the hadoop home directory for the given binary.
Unregister a class loader.
Make a pruned version of the pruned version of the pruned version.
Restart the project.
Load data from a pickle file.
Makes a copy of x and y keepdims with the given axis.
Run the network on the specified writer.
Run the RSS hook.
Get a specific subscription for a document.
Redirects the user to the specified location.
Remove a database from the database.
Unescape a string.
Download a webpage by ID.
Test completion for zsh.
Set the nodetype of an instance.
Generate a project cert subject for a project.
Return the newderivation of the given element node.
Set the union of the members of the union of the thrift_stack.
Return a string of the absolute name of a cell.
Get the currently logged in user.
Create a dictionary of formatters for each form in a configuration file.
View a specific equity.
Move a key from d1 to d2.
Create a line edit widget.
Set the image dimension ordering.
Returns a VMDk create spec.
Get the soap accessor for the appscale server.
Return a tuple of the name of the file named pid.
Build a sdist from py.
Run a readmegen session.
Find the creation sequence of a graph.
Read a gafbyproteiniterator from a file.
Decode a string from a stream.
Yield keys from filepaths.
Retrieve a resource by sha1.
Create a temporary ca file from a list of anchors.
Dispatch the result of a stat.
Check if an exception is an unavailable exception.
Assert that percentage text is equal to expected.
Run the test harness.
Returns True if value is less than arg.
Calculate release completenettoms for release completenettoms.
Check the options passed in.
Iterate over an object yielding all its children.
Check if the given name is a lower snake case.
Return the filename of all hosts.
Command hook.
Get the module cache for the specified directory.
Returns a link to the attachment of a document.
Register hook for github repos.
Return a string representation of a date.
Labeled statement 2.
Log bugdown error message.
Shows the content of the specified resource.
Extract metadata from a dict of headers.
Import a public key and create a new key.
Compute the HCCM of the hessian with the given scale.
Unzip an iterable of chunks of a file into a directory.
Select the n - th n - th n - th series.
Registers a tcllanginfo manager.
Format an issue line.
Generate a state tag.
Get RDP console from server.
Find empty alt.
Refresh beacons configuration.
Check if a URI parameter is available for the given event.
Return a regular expression that matches the given query.
Enables deprecations as exceptions.
Decode a URL query.
Get the source of an object.
Should not install always from cache.
Returns a textfield for the given keyword arguments.
Check the validity of a naming pattern and anime type.
Convert a tensor to dense.
Add an entry to the privileged default entrypoint.
Creates a client wrapper for the volumes API.
Fold a function over elems.
Set the shortdictionary to the given line index.
Replacement for pip. test_search_exit_status_code.
Add a collarshaft to the derivation.
Delete all objects in a bucket.
Run standby on the system.
Complete course mode info.
Compress the body using zlib.
Read a cached file and return the modified time.
Given a folder return the full path to the folder if it exists.
Combine date and time into a datetime. datetime.
Test if value is a mapping.
mine set command.
View function for opening an index.
Read a Python code object from a file.
Check if snappy is installed.
Return the basename of a path.
Test whether two meshes have the same wavefront.
Reverse bitsint64 - > int
cosine of x
Return a list of all subscriptions subscribed to the given topic.
Convert a dictionary to a string.
Detach a network interface from an existing network interface.
Ensure that the named stack is absent.
Plot a pdf.
Configure a service.
Extract HTTP headers from a string.
Consume a queue and yield all items from it.
Return a list of all nodes in the cluster.
Capture a card holding.
Determine if a module should be kept.
Dequote a string.
Perform a kama on a dataset.
Deduce a set of alpha - permutations for the given set of implications.
List all available languages.
Return a list of transversals from a base and gens.
Get the geometry output of the specified element node.
Get the public key for the vm.
Get the number of presets for the audio equalizer.
Sanitize the separators of a string.
Downgrade the CIDR table to a new version.
Validates that the metadata is ASCII.
Check if url is unique.
Setup the platform for MQTT.
Get or create a sjson_transcript for the given item.
Get the hostname of the host.
Return a tuple of bool bool and str.
Parse headers from a multipart iterable.
Return the gid of the minion.
Compiles all templates in the given folder and returns the list of compiled views. If skip_
Generic function to calculate tstat and pvalue.
Convert a time tuple to xldate.
Adjust a dimension to the target shape.
Rotates x to the right.
Create a controller for sending SMS outbound gateway messages.
Return a string representation of a value.
Add an event source to the event source list.
Commits a reservation to the database.
Send a flowgram to a socket.
Test whether the boolean column should not render other columns.
Update the xbps database for the specified module.
Decode a string using the specified encoding.
Create the certificate chain.
Cumulative distribution function.
Returns the current line number of the current segment.
Copies the original file to derived if it is out of date.
Build a path from node1 to node2.
Set the password for a user.
Convert a string to a patchset.
Refresh the database.
Filter a list of flowgrams using a filter list.
Log an error.
Notify systemd.
Openexplorer for the given filename.
Runs isolationforest on the training data and testing data.
Callback for menu callbacks.
List all available data stores for this VMware environment.
Downcase all words in the current buffer.
Returns a list of usernames for the specified users.
Get a continuous query for a particular database.
Create an image.
Piecewise version of b_0123.
Return the XML representation of a Cxel token.
Returns a dict of backends for social authentication.
Get the current rcparams backend.
Convert obj to ansistring.
Convert a cell range to rowcol pair.
Loads data from disk and returns training and test data.
Unpack an open direct tcpip from the given data.
Returns the minimum number of bases required to represent the minimum number of bases within the specified XML element
Check if bson is valid.
Ensure src is a file or a sourcespaces object.
Send an email to a user.
Command line interface.
Get an image from S3.
Initialize the POSIX module.
Return the ptp of a along the specified axis.
Converts a glance id to a s3imagemapping id.
Copy files from src to target_node.
Skip the test if the todo should be skipped.
Return xxx string for k.
Deploy a certificate to a set of domains.
Convert a sequence to a bytearray.
Return a new class that has the latest bases of oldclass.
Returns a list of all synonyms for the given word.
Remove non - JSON lines from a string.
Save the model s stats to a file.
Create a directory.
Returns a function that returns the variant for the given template and args.
Redirect to the alt page.
Generate a salt string.
Extract subrois from timeseries_file and label_file.
Send a signal to a process.
Pauses the current thread.
Compatibility function for str.
Get an unused port.
Test conversion of RGB to HSL part 7.
Return the standard deviation of a along a given axis.
Return the line number of a function.
Load a checkpoint.
Convert a timestamp to a string.
Get a list of schedules.
Perform a full covar - M step on the full covariance matrix.
Raw moment function.
Reads a label file and returns a dictionary of class names.
Random normalprobability test.
Get the current app for the given frame.
Sample sample using regular smotetomek.
Command - line interface to resize images.
Start TLS server.
Registers a simple form tag that returns the target of the comment form.
Unload a module.
Update a quota.
Returns True if text is a keyword.
Run pylint. pyreverse.
Returns True if the node has completed the given checknode.
Unique 1D array.
Start statsd if django_statsd is enabled.
Normalize a language tag.
Serial correlation function for a series.
Wait until a prefix is ready to be read.
Strip whitespace from a and b.
Safely delete an image from a backend.
Return the current memory usage of the windows kernel.
Disables and reloads the service.
Pick an authentication plugin.
List public IPs.
Execute a SQL statement.
Draw a regular polygon on the test canvas.
Make a violin rugplot.
Get an action by request_id.
Unregister a handler function.
Test breadcrumb navigation.
Get the index of a media item in a media list.
Edit a thread.
Entry point for the productpartition script.
Return a list of available translations.
Convert a JSON value to a time object.
Create a new collection on a bus.
Test that raises a value error is non - symmetrized.
Return a dict with the coordinates of all the eegs in the c dictionary.
Write credentials to credentials_file.
Run the identity_join node test.
Return a deprecate version of expm2.
Prepare the bearer body for the given token.
Report flaky tests to the output.
Delete an ACL.
Get the properties of a device.
Create a source space for a discrete source.
Get the format of the comment.
Flatten a message into a string.
Extract components from key.
Parse an accept header value.
Start a new connection.
Validate that value is of type type.
Decode the result of a search.
Execute a command and return the result.
Raise an IOError if the given path does not exist.
Get the avatar url for a group profile
Test that slices have different dimensions.
Checks if a list is a valid GSM ID list.
Get the values mask dtype and max values.
Escape characters in a string.
Check that the sky coordinates of the sky coordinates are in the horizons of the sky coordinates
Handle a foreign key ignoring event.
Fit nm1 to x y using nearmiss.
Approve addons and approve files with no review type.
Perform a local join operation on the given node.
List DNS entries for a given IP.
Try to convert a value to an enum.
Return True if the current platform is openbsd.
Moves a file or directory to a new location.
Download a file from a URL.
Build all library recipes.
Get the list of related topics for a section.
Changes the frequency of the given subtitles finder.
Run Django test runner with given test labels.
Create a task message from a task message.
Unquotes a header value.
Create a cluster controller.
Returns the number of active processes for the given processname.
Get a component by name.
Get the names of the process names for all the nodes in the cluster.
Given a list of candidates and a list of candidates drop all channels that have the same frequency.
Start a worker for the given queue.
Configures the plot.
Rotate 90 degrees clockwise.
Convert a year and month to an index.
Try to convert a value to an integer or return default.
Make a copy of the config and verify the selection.
Build a mimemultipart message for a multipart message.
Unfollow a user.
Parse a query and return the result.
Serialize allocations for consumer.
Return a mask that masks the given time series.
Check if text is a valid URL.
Create a directory if it doesn t exist.
Fetch seed from config. unittests. rseed
Get all virtual interfaces.
Get a list of files from an HTML file.
Return True if the given cron string matches the given cron string.
Convert a C color to RGB.
Get a prerequisite milestone for a prereq_content_key.
Raise valueerror if strict is True.
Recursively reduces a dictionary or list of objects.
Determine if a filter should be sharded by property range.
Check if a is a task module.
Open a file if it doesn t exist.
Returns True if val1 and val2 are equal.
Wait for a server to be listening on the specified port.
Extract the root domain from a domain string.
Return a dictionary of freecpu memory and node info.
Compute the norm of a using SVDs.
Computes the centrality scores for a set of samples.
Return True if p is a directory.
Validate the scale values.
Load a countgraph from a file.
Remove redundant terms from a list of terms.
Make a reference group.
Populate a database.
Get instance type by flavor id.
Routes the login route.
Convert a timestamp to a datetime. datetime object.
Import classes from a module or a module.
Unpack a bitstring from a string.
Add a prioid command to the protocol.
Return True if the given subject has a bem file for the given subject.
Run the textanalyzer.
Strip tags from a value.
Lookup an object by spec.
Convert an object to a timezone object.
Check if the user has access to the courseware course.
Modify small chunks in a file.
Make a request to the viewfinder server.
Get the rerun link for the given course key.
Check if a nictag exists.
Add tools to a toolmanager.
Create a new output manager and start it.
Returns a dictionary of all the relationship types supported by the current user.
Build the headers dictionary for the given api_token.
Set taxes and charges for a given quotation.
Derive an iselliptic curve from a key exchange algorithm.
Check if a point is inside a polygon.
Allows the user to control control c - posix.
Update the draft registration schema for the given node.
Return True if the environment is virtual.
Enable or disable a site.
Samplewise standard normalization of x.
Compare two files.
Handle a read field request.
Get a Google word2vec w from a Google word2vec file.
Get the version from the datadir.
Writes the course block detail report to the CSV file.
Return an empty iterable.
Clears the persistent graph cache.
Validate that all flag names in val are present in ignore_check_flags.
Create a matrix from an entry function.
Evolves a set of points at a given prefix with a given set of points.
Print test result.
Temporarily disable signals when the context exits.
Convert a protobuf. BlobstoreError to a blobstore error.
Run a statement in the context of a profiling context.
Change the header of a qq request
Ensures that the security group with the default name exists.
Wait for the given io to complete.
Calculate the RMSE of the results.
Test that the trailing spaces in the row definition are in row definitions.
Escape RFC3986 characters in a string.
Convert an image from qemu to the specified format.
Get the qos policy group name for a volume.
Display a crash file.
Get the zoneinfo from the zoneinfo_path
Create a new event and return it.
Logs the user out of the session.
Squotes the given text using YAML.
Stochastic modelsynth op.
Check if the given id is valid.
Parse a name and version from a string.
Reads a 4 byte long from a file - like object.
Return the kth difference of x along the given axis.
Return the src of filename.
Create a security group.
Add a new configuration to the chkconfig
Set the value of a sysrc variable to a given value.
Try to import at_initial_setup_hook_module and call at_initial_setup
Detect the format for the given stream.
Find the extension with the given name and state.
Find all cached images for a given sr_ref.
Given a url return the i18n url.
Create a list of filenames and directories for the given file_creator.
Test that save_store_fs is a bad language with store.
Create the xheader for the lms_callback_url lms_key and queue_
Parse command line arguments.
Pportd6 state.
Convert a dictionary of gff attributes to a string.
Apply overwrites to the context.
Return True if the environment is virtual.
Builds the desired Iface configuration for the given module.
Insert a document into the database.
DNN gradient input.
Checks if the given ipv4_prefix is a valid IP address.
Return True if uwline can place on single line.
Get the data for a given jid
Build a tagmap from a list of arguments.
Computes the s_all_hac divergence of the covariance matrix x.
Return the new derivative of the given element node.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the virtual environment is available.
Strip whitespace from text.
Extracts the name code code and message from a dictionary.
Parse a datetime value into a datetime. datetime object.
Get the dependencies of the driver.
Format a time tuple into a time string.
Get a xls file from the data.
Parse an xpi file and return the extracted xpi_info.
Get a list of all namespaces in the database.
Create a codesearch feed from an XML string.
Get the string representation of the image model.
Get the load average of the current process.
Convert an integer enum member to an integer.
Strip xmlns prefix from XML.
Get a dictionary of all forward relationships.
Parse Sphinx searchindex into filenames and objects.
Delete an integration response for a given resource.
Run the coverage command.
Ensure tenant is absent.
Get the comment for a particular field in a table.
Create a virtual disk spec.
Filter foreign keys that are not in the given base table.
Generate example RST.
Perform a local fill operation on a node.
Determine if a square is occupied by a pixeldictionary.
Forgot password view.
Identify names in code.
Check if the given position is valid on Windows.
Create a factorycopy for the given state.
Calculates the central moment of a set of samples.
Updates the axes of the given image axes with the given image.
Test that randomize_corrmat behaves exactly like randomize_corrmat but
Get the skewx of a triangular matrix.
Reissue a receipt.
Return the unicode translation for the given exception.
Run ansible module.
Decode a base64 - encoded string.
Retrieve settings from the command line.
Return a boolean and a string representing the virtual state of the object.
Processes an XML element and adds it to the vertex list.
Parses a unique urlencoded content and returns a dictionary of parameters.
numericises all the strings in input using numericise.
Temporarily set slow_test to True.
Check if we have a valid IPMI session.
Return True if path starts with prefix.
Make a fake server from a server protocol.
Convert a file name to a filehandle.
Raise an invalidinputexception if the given version_from_payload and collection_version are not
Logs the current traceback to the log.
Load a module from all installed applications.
Store a store in the application registry.
Read a file and return its contents as a string.
Create a virtual interface.
Return True if the issue has been relevented after.
Persist a value to a file.
Destroy all OAuth tokens associated with a user.
Calculate system information type 7.
Test confusion matrix with sample weight.
Load a list of beets plugins.
Start the ioloop thread.
Get the next unique id for the given field and value.
Delete selected objects.
Get the irc format for the given formatting string.
Check that no fit attributes are set in init.
Return the number of CPUs running on the system.
Create the NRT module.
Calculate the average and standard deviation of a list.
Assert that hug. types. greater_than is equal to num_.
Create a dataset and add it to to_delete.
Wait until a server terminates.
Check if the given URI is an ignorable 404.
Assert that a is b.
Get the path to the YAML file for the builtin_name and runtime.
Print a string to stdout.
Send email notifications for all users.
Returns whether or not the user is rated on or not.
Return the basename of the shell command.
Process an element node.
Matches a list of filter_list against a list of userargs.
Enables or disables traps for a given user.
Register cronjobs to update collectionvotes.
Return an unexpected error message.
Uploads a file to the server.
Map a model class to a list of key and value types.
Check if the given URL is a full redirect.
Search data adapter.
Return a random sum of distributions.
Extract all members of the archive at the specified path.
Return relative path to from_file relative to archive_dir.
Checks if the given variable is used in the graph.
Test conversion of HSL to RGB part 2.
Convert an object to a reference.
Return the newderivation of the given element node.
Append dataarray to bundle.
Asserts that the specified member is read from the specified client.
Load a srvspec resource from a file.
Calculate the control digit for a list of digits.
Convert a locale string to a language string.
Skips until the given predicate succeeds or the given reason.
Link outgoing url to outgoing url.
Add a host to an IP address.
Get the subnet name.
Create a database if it doesn t exist.
Sign a URL using the base url format.
Test remove from figure with gridspec.
Get a list of all simulated paths for the given element node.
Get terminal width.
Enables or disables an event.
Set all quota usage for a given resource.
Returns a list of all paragraphs of a document.
Edit an ordered product.
Returns the field data for the server group.
Parse flags subpattern.
Calculates the sidesbasedon precision for a XML element.
Load graphs from a file.
Get a list of hosts associated with a network.
Load bill versions from a folder.
Convert markdown text to markdown.
Authenticate with igd.
Delete a device.
Convert a Cartesian to spherical coordinates.
Fontify a Python node.
Add a folder to a user.
Return the entity groupkind of a key.
Create a group with the specified title.
Return True if val is a valid bool string.
LRU cache.
Returns True if the params has a scorer spec and has a scorer.
Add a lock to a list of packages.
Get the type of the given interface.
Prepend root_dir to opts.
Get the texcommand string from rcparams.
Get all services.
Return the username of the current user.
Increase the global level by num_.
Read two line normals from a fixed width twoline.
Generate lorem ipsum.
Parse shorts and options.
Convert geometry output to xmlelement.
Generate a tunnel request data string.
Prepend a list of INDRA Statements to a list of Statements.
Interact a cookiejar with set_cookie_hdrs.
Add a batchjob to a service.
Return the errno from an exception.
Daemonize a process.
Looks up a table of words based on embeddings and embeddings.
Determine the default project to use.
Remove a canvas from the list of canvasses.
Return the output of a nested object.
Check if two paths are equal.
Get an integer value or default if it is not possible.
Tar a file into a tar archive.
Create a new table.
Remove all available plugins.
Summarize markdown markdown.
Add a dependency to the dependency tree.
Inverse of a.
Detach a volume from a device.
Manage sms inbox.
Select the i - th median of median of median of medians.
Run limited_epoch_train on pylearn2.
Bitceil a number.
Return a uniform wait time.
Return a list of names of all nodes that are defined in current.
Split a list of input strings into a list of strings.
Return a dict with the status code and details.
Decompress data using LZSDecompress algorithm.
Use talib to perform a t3 operation on a dataset.
Set the verbose level of the colorfulpyprint.
Test whether there is at least one key in the table.
Return a random interkey interval.
Convert a scene name to a list of normal names.
Returns True if there is a MNE C environment variable.
Check if the user can access the view.
Return receiver function code and number of functions.
Get the BEL annotation for a variable.
Return the number of elements in an iterable that have the largest n elements.
Escapes the given attr with html_escape.
Find a sample file.
Runs a beautifulsoup hook.
Patch sys. path with num_ paths.
Concatenate multiple DataFrames into a single DataFrame.
Build resolvers from configuration.
Convert oozie frequency string to hue frequency tuple.
Remove the first occurrence of t from the list t.
Get the file specification.
Returns the URL for the given WSGI environment.
Return the epoch in seconds.
Create a footnote extension.
Truncate a string to a maximum length.
Return the number of unittests installed.
Plot a figure.
Computes the heldout score for a set of test cases.
Install the virtualenv.
Convert an array of RGBA values to a float array.
Get the current git changeset.
Get database password.
Return a list of groups for the specified user.
Create a stack of layers for the given element.
Create a configuration dictionary for a managed cluster.
Parse the content and return the index of the document.
Context manager for no_assert_true_false_is_not.
Serialize support data to base64 encoded string.
Define a string parameter.
Create fixed IPs in bulk.
Test that the typical memory error is a string.
set mestate. settings. condition
Generate a random unicode string.
Patch os. fork to use gevent. hub.
Return a pretty - printed string representation of a frame relation.
A decorator to absorb CSS clicks and wait for them to be selected.
Check if a trail exists.
Suggests multiple column names with alias alias.
Return the symmetrized factor of expr.
Migrate a vm object to a host object.
test if h has the same length as h
Loads a yaml file for the given test case.
Check if the user can upload a dictionary to a project.
Fail if the file should not contain log records.
Writes the output of the first translator to a file.
Ensure time is tz - naive.
Check if nsp exists in distutils.
Split text at a single sep separated by sep.
Generate the URL for a handler.
Euclidean distance between two points.
Remove outliers from sequences.
Test merge of metadata that raises mergeconflicterror.
Register checker for linter.
Generate documentation for all available services.
Routes a POST request to the API endpoint.
Create or update an image property.
Save an image to a temporary file.
Line2D distance between two line segments.
Remove leaders from a group.
Makes data safe to be passed to salt. utils. filter.
Get the labels for the given node and apiserver.
Check that kwargs and compat_args are valid.
Run simplescheduler test.
Test for issue360.
Test that AST good try can be used.
Return the node of the node.
Calculates the ratio of the longest token in s1 to s2.
Displays the details of a shopping cart.
Checks if the given step type is a Spark step type.
Describe a method.
Replace variables in old_contents with new ones.
Convert a file to a list of subtitles.
Compute nearest neighbors of a user.
Test that the evoked data is consistent with the baseline.
Monitor load and load globals.
Corrects the source font to the target font.
Check if we can query journald.
Create an IAM policy for a topic.
Watch coffeescript and xmodules assets.
Get the data disk for a given vm.
Check if the source is avotable XML document.
Reparam a string using the given dictionary.
Returns True if coefs is stable.
Returns a list of allcraftsequences in a string.
Compare two floats for equality.
Get information about a specific jid.
Check if mdata is available.
Return a dict of timestamps and timestamps.
Compute the sum of mat along the specified axis.
Returns a dictionary of validator data.
Returns a list of all neighbors of node in the graph.
Destroy one or more names.
Plot a layout.
Generate a hash of the timestamp of a file.
Test that the inverse of the basic compound is the inverse of the inverse.
Multiply a variable with another variable.
Ensure tables is none.
Capture the console log for each scenario.
Apply html5lib to data.
Get a single job by name.
Read a sample from a file and return the rate and table.
Get a list of machine translations services.
Get the effective router for the given appname.
Get the xdg config directory.
Infer the compression for filepath_or_buffer.
Get a JSON object from the given WSGI environment.
Marks the decorated function as unauthenticated.
Returns True if the command starts with str_ and the command stderr starts with str_.
Get the username from skype.
Abort the task and raise an importabort exception
Convert a string to a list of scopes.
Extract the version from the version file.
Convert boto exceptions to boto exceptions.
Set the barebone service interface index for the given host and port.
Check if a list is a valid id pair list.
Authorizes the user to access the OAuth server.
Get the largest inset loop from a given loop.
Approve addon. get_files_incomplete.
Remove an IIS apppool.
Recursively instantiates a proxy.
Fail if project0. checkstyle is not valid.
Select the proxy for the given url.
Add a dictionary to a cookiejar.
Log an exception and return a JSON response.
Convert a number to an integer.
Copy a document to a protocol buffer.
Returns the full path to the specified module.
Get the maximum value of first and second.
Try to find a device from a request.
Get the pid for a given device.
Split an absolute URI into two parts.
Parse a CIX path and return a tree object.
Decode a unicode string using the specified encoding.
Get or create a mrjob service role.
Validate that value is a non - negative integer or None.
Create a button to install an addon.
Render a template using the given renderer.
Write a PPP file with the specified interfaces to disk.
Return True if the given name is not present in the list.
Run replicas singleton action.
Ensure that the named service is absent.
Validates that the request parameter is an integer and returns it.
Get the score from the submissions scores.
Update the lut with the given colors.
Create a font entry for a FSM font property.
Return a list of ZK instances.
Convert a sequence of 1 - tuples to a range of 0 - 255 values.
Convert an IP string to an integer.
Returns a dict of all environment proxies.
Returns the basename of the given path.
Clean up a geonode layer and layer.
Execute cdl3inside on the specified bards.
Tests integration of opsworks with ec2.
Entry point for the productpartition script.
Generate a base64 - encoded token.
Subtract u from f and return a list of absolute values.
Runs PSD and test_psd_noise
Return the name of the virtual machine.
Time the pyexcelerate in the pyexcelerate notebook.
Shut down the application.
Return True if pid is correct False otherwise.
Return an httpserver object for the current thread.
Pause a number of seconds.
Update quotas.
Register a string event handler for the beginning of a line.
sprints text to the specified colors.
Set the logging level.
Get the mode of the specified device.
Create a snapshot of the current image.
Returns True if there was a last responsedbmserror page in the current thread.
Compute the power of a t - test using the t distribution function.
Return a dictionary of before blockoffsets.
Get data from a URL.
Log a message at critical level.
Get the full dictionary of translations for a given language.
Generate rows from a range string.
Return a list of targets that match the given tgt.
Generate a crosstalk for a set of connections.
Check if a string matches a pattern.
Returns True if the given object is a data object.
Balancecascade test for samplewt fit.
Test feature. max_length on step with table keys.
Remove characters from a string.
Read packet from local_sock and remote_addr.
Dump the contents of a BIFF file to a file.
Get system username.
Query the VCS for all of the VCS in the specified version.
Flattens a nested nested structure into a nested nested structure.
Registers the given test function to the given test class.
Return grains from osdata.
Merge two files.
Execute a JavaScript script and return the result.
Read a packet from a socket.
Convert an IPv6 address into a inet_ntop tuple.
Get an object from a container.
Update all live symlinks for the given configuration.
Returns a list of factors for a given grounding factor.
Create a condition that will return a full response with the etag stripped and unquoted.
Activate an API deployment for a given stage.
Run a WSGI function.
Write a CGI response to the output stream.
Update the attributes of the policy elements in the policy item.
Augments the given string with bash quotes.
Upgrade all installed packages.
Get the base name of the profile for the given repository.
Returns the IPv4 or IPv6 netmask of the given address.
Add a new category.
Register a service.
Obtain serial number from show_ver.
Returns the absolute URL for the given path.
Given a list of xintersectionindexes returns a list of xintersectionindexes that intersect the
Routes a string_ to redirect the number of times the number of times the number of times
Write a masq configuration file.
Moves a file from one store to another.
Query for reservations.
Returns a list of functions for multi - eval.
Convert markdown files to HTML.
Test the denoise_tv_chambolle function.
Delete the commit information for a rebalance.
Ensures that the ca file system exists in the current working directory.
Keep the downloader awake and allow sleep if needed.
Test transforms for arraytransforms.
Convert an atom tuple into an atom tuple.
Generate all the frontpage PNGs.
Handle root notices.
Get a list of words by content.
Notifies a gitlab repository.
Infer the return type from a list of arguments.
Localize a value.
List availability zones.
Parse a dict of headers into a dictionary of attributes.
Build a selector for a path.
Test driver for nvidia driver.
Make plots for training cost test cost and test accuracy.
Get tree details for a list of nodes.
Return the data class based on endog and exog
Assert that there is no element with the given xpath selector.
Write a ttylog log to a logfile.
View function for confirmation of password reset confirmation.
Parses a query and a sort query from a list of parts.
Get a unique value for the given type and id.
Return the variance of xs.
Get the name of the strategy.
Generate a random age for the given issue time.
This is the main entry point for the command line interface.
Fail if there are no match rules.
Generate a cache key for a request.
Compute residual.
Returns the option for the given value. If omit_opts or omit_pillar is True
Loads images from queue and writes to write_queue.
Convert a tag string to a list of strings.
Returns a multiprocessing. util. Logger object.
List jobs filtered by count.
Redirect to the login page.
Attach translations to a collection.
Projected entity to message type.
Get language information.
Infer the frequency of the given index.
Only admin users.
Setup the hyperion platform.
Takes a list of cfg_list and returns a dictionary of cfg_list.
Add a cell to the task log
Get a service by plugin_name.
Fail if a and b are not equal.
Load a testsuite from a directory.
Convert an RGB value to an RGB value.
Generate a custom key function.
Writes the properties of the workbook.
Reads an array from a file.
Print usage information.
A component2 coroutine.
Create a zone for a service.
Return the total number of seconds since delta.
Get the writer for a file.
Summarize variables.
Check if user can browse a repository reviews.
Lighten a color by a percentage.
Process an SVG element circle.
Exclude new regions from the crontab.
Plot a scatter plot of xs and ys.
Process a docstring.
Remove the start_iconset from the source string.
Generates the shell test data for the given target.
Fail if expr is not None.
Get the QEMU user name.
Returns the authenticated userid.
Returns the type data for a given imp file.
Create a directory tree for the given path.
Create a tag tag for blogmonths.
Log a debug message.
Deletes all the properties of an image.
Check source_code with pep8.
Swap memory.
Convert a dictionary of parameters to a list of dicts.
Adjust params to remove components that start with str_.
Generate a unit summary document.
Test for sensitivity_specificity_support.
Convert a number to an SMS email address.
Connect to libcloud.
Stops the running task.
Decorator for inspecting a command.
Concatenate two sequences.
Compile the distutils client.
Create a new service.
Generate certificates for students enrolled in a course.
Least squares test objective function.
Generate a script from a dictionary of settings.
Logs the user in and redirects to the current site.
Process the failed postprocessing.
Check if a table has a constraint with the given name.
Edit a liability.
Generalized string representation.
Convert a 64 - bit ID to a 32 - bit ID.
Get a deep item from a data structure.
Test short list of users.
Parse the output spec and return the dimensions out_func num_classes.
Delete data from api_key.
Download a sina video by vid.
Get the python version.
Get the value for a given metric name.
Raises an error if there is a problem with overloading.
Allocate a new lock.
Returns a list of exploration ids matching the query string.
Inverse of a.
Unpack a unicode update position.
Reshape incoming to new_shape.
Replicate a module using a batch of devices.
Return the current version of the daemon.
Returns True if the current thread is in a iothread.
Test for save_store_fs_bad_lang
Return a tuple of bool and str.
Respond with the given code.
Convert an internal date to a time.
Get a single object from the model.
Create drawdowns and durations for the given pnl.
Create a prop_filter spec for a given objectset and objectset.
Send email to sabnzbd s emailer.
Generator that yields each element of the sequence n in sequencen.
Create a mozilla user profile.
Flatten an iterable or string into a single list.
Test conditional returns weights.
Given a dictionary of non_report_only_policies and a dictionary of report_only_
Computes the node create operator.
Check if any of the problems in the exam_key are present in the exam section of the
Send an email to the specified recipients.
Search for a controller.
Choose the correct poctype for a file.
Compute the histogram of the given tensor.
Compatibility function for str_compat.
Find the previous version of a file that is older than version_string.
Get the level of the current request.
Return a ground - coherence for a given ground - coherence.
p_dimitem_single is a wrapper for p_dimitem_single
Given a list of hosts collect the hosts and return the chroot and chroot.
Convert nsurl to local file.
Find the hg tag for a given path.
Yield missing whitespace after import keyword.
Get tiers for a given device.
Register a signal handler block for the given object.
Map a function to a list of elems.
Calculate the arccosine of a given value.
Enable or disable transaction management.
Edit user profile.
Recursively globs the treeroot and returns a list of paths that match the pattern.
Format the plugin info table.
Order JSON data according to srv.
Convert a blockdevice ID to a dataset ID.
Get an instance type by flavor_id.
Generate n - grams from an iterator of sent_iterator.
Load an inline module.
Test cwd with absolute paths.
Validate that the number of values is valid.
Two step backward propagation.
Returns a list of all the exceptions for the given indexer_id and season
Attempts to adjust vertical spacing before comments before comments.
Test that the lineprofile function is dynamic.
Match subscription with topic.
Fit the neighbourhood cleaning rule to sample with indices.
Check if the user supports the specified user object.
Return grains for SUNOS CPU data
Test that set_cookiesfromurl and set_cookiesfromurl can accept cookies.
Test that ast_bad_cut is a valid cut.
norm_f computes the norm of x and y
Return a list of module descriptions.
fast_count_smallints returns the fast counts of the smallints in an array
Strip accents from a string.
Set the glcanvas config from a dictionary.
Get the value for a given blob_key.
Calls the cache. use_cached_files method of the Artifact Bundle.
Print the current version and exit.
Returns the absolute value of a.
Check if a Python version is available.
Set default values for config and external options.
Shift the divisions of a DataFrame by periods and freq.
Binary log loss.
Flag an instance as modified.
Get a holiday calendar by name.
Generate a random alphanumeric string.
Open a resource.
Add infill boundary to nestedrings.
Remove a handler reference from the handler list.
Unload a module from the system.
Validate that the name is a valid pack name.
Process an SVG elementellipse element.
Load a class from a module and attribute.
Decrement a vector w by j.
Fix the makefile in the makefile if it doesn t exist.
Import a passphrase from an extern key.
Test that vispy modules are imported from vispy.
Builds a selectfield for the tool panel section.
Converts an HTML page to an HTML4 annotation.
Returns the codename of a user s permission.
List all documents in the current language.
Find files in metadata.
Sends a notification to the specified contrib.
Compute the Vech vector of a matrix.
Test the make_links method of linkjoblogs.
Return True if the table has any inherited tables.
Set the value of an option.
Get a rollout by name.
Remove a VFS tab device.
Check if a file is a fifo.
Monkey patch settings.
Add slashes to a value.
Returns a dictionary of IPv6 interfaces.
Calculate the PCA score for a set of lines.
Test for interacting with the netcat server.
Merge two DataFrames.
Handle register request.
Test the laplace mask of the image.
Sample colormap data from options.
Send a GET request to the specified log.
Validate a device list.
Preview a preview of a file.
Return a humanized version of a path.
Build a qsub command for a job.
Render a genshi template.
Sort a list according to the given comparator and key.
Check if the target exists in plain mode.
Returns the link to the cms page for the block.
Fetch and save a promo_img_url from the local database.
Copy a file to the clipboard.
Print items to stdout.
Create a textfile with the given contents.
Loads the given path and expands macros.
Check that the number of healthy instances is within the specified range.
Prevent output from being printed.
Remove a user from a pwfile
Decorator for tabbedbrowserstubs.
Evaluates the evalf of the given subs.
Return a pretty - formatted file size.
Create an object in the client.
Yield lines from a list of strings.
Parse a driverdisk rule.
Return True if the tag is a block level tag.
Store a secret in the secret manager.
Creates a new reference from a reference.
Strips all output lines from a list of output_list and returns a list of lines that
Get the full path to the fabmetheus module.
Defines a step that decides whether a file exists.
Logarithm of log_add.
Download a result from the server.
Returns a list of video indices for the given course.
Parse a url and return a tuple of path and environment variables.
Ignore not group admin.
Split a command line into path cmd and arguments.
Runs a test integration task.
Report expected diffs.
Exponential function for a and b.
Returns True if the user has permission to edit a setting type.
Resize a URL to a maximum width.
Convert a row to a dictionary.
Install a custom language if it doesn t exist.
Return True if the item is present in the parent.
Set active axes of a figure.
Send a 302 HTTP status code to a location.
Return a list of paths for the specified scheme.
Setup the platform for the TCP sensor.
Find a specific language in the given language dictionary.
Fixture for qnetworkaccessmanager.
Yield all collectors that are not dead or alive.
Return the number of quotes in a string.
Fetches a journal entry from the database.
Update ports in portsnap.
Get the size of an item.
Get a list of points from a segmenttable.
Redirects the given URL to the specified destination.
Run the flowgramali executable and process the data.
Delete an image tag.
Generate a year markup for the current year
Get the tracer number for a given process.
Translate a regular variable name to a regular variable name.
Test if a is b.
Get user information from cookie.
Browse an object in the main window.
Return the set of ancestors of a node.
Check the movorder function.
Entry point for the command line interface.
Returns the jumppoint if the otherpoint is within the boundary of the boundary.
Filters the roidb based on overlaps with the crowd_thresh.
Get value from puppet or player.
Prepare the earth position velocity for a given time.
Parse snippets file.
Unmap a data array to a specified number of indices.
Returns True if the given IP address is private False otherwise.
Install a new code.
Convert a hex color string to a tuple of integers.
Get the eol characters for a given os_name.
Format a datetime instance as a RFC3339 string.
Returns a new credentials object with the specified scopes.
Create a cow image for the given backing file.
Run raw incron on a user.
Send a review reply to a review request.
Parse an interval string and return a timedelta object.
Convert a oozie jobsub design to an action object.
Returns a generator that yields the name and module of each app in the configuration.
Load overrides from a JSON file.
Check if the GCC LVM is available.
Get the Openshift version from a list of facts.
Detect the type of the given stream.
Generates a generator that yields a partial entity from a cursor.
Requote a URI.
Invert a data bit.
p_abstract_declarator_opt_1.
Require invoke version to be greater than min_version.
Create the java application environment variables for the specified application.
Get role assignments for a user.
Generate a set of keys for the given number of bits.
Fit the rus to sample half of the sample.
Returns a list of booleans indicating whether each section in a course has a problem.
Extract a line from text at index.
Create a SAML provider.
Drop a site.
Logout from the browser.
Restore app status.
Computes the damerau - Levenshtein distance between seq1 and seq2
List all available queues for a backend.
Return a flat glob for a flat glob.
Get all campaign feeds for a given feed and placeholder type.
Generate a fixture.
Calculate the square root of a list of size k from a function f.
Demonstrate snowballstemmer.
List all commits in a repo.
Entry point for the server.
Clear the keystring of the keyparser.
Add xintersectionindexes from loopy to xintersectionlist.
Test for get_inst_data method.
Get a colormap by name or lut.
Get the least cost functions from the scheduler configuration.
Safely reshape an array to a new shape.
Create a celery worker pool.
Add fontdict and kwargs to override.
Convert a long value to a raw string.
Convert a reference to an object.
Returns True if the given resource is enabled.
Decorator to log an exception raised by a function.
Get all messages from the session and delete them.
Run OpenSSL on the given pem.
Encode an extension - avro string.
Return a tuple of all the template directories in the given directory.
Show an IPsecSiteConnection object.
Draws the current figure if it is interactive.
Checks if a VLAN interface exists.
Test that max_similarity and max_similarity are equal.
Replaces a string with a replacement string that is case insensitive.
Register an optimal GPU optimizer.
Verify that the given repository is valid.
Deletes a collection summary.
Write a plist to a string.
Search for a user in a channel.
Remove an item from a chat.
Compute sigmoid of x.
Find missing elements in input_list.
List all available nodes.
Runs Windows Analyze on the given file and returns a boolean indicating whether it was successful or not
Return a password for a field in a document.
Return true bit if str_ is the same as sig. args.
Divide a variable into another variable.
Decodes a JSON string into a Python object.
Interact with client_conn with server_conn.
Get full spec without validation.
Configures auto capture screenshots for each scenario.
Make a link node.
Get a new repository.
Concatenate epochs into a single epoch.
Intersection of all graphs.
Load ansible configuration file.
Validate that a string is an integer.
Execute a command and return the pillar data
Return the guestbook key for the specified guestbook name or None.
Build a buildquestionnaire from a series.
Publish event to users.
Render a dictionary from a LMS template.
Return default if key is not in d or if key is not in d or if key is
Return True if the value is aware of any timezone.
Remove a file from the augeas.
Create a new array from an array.
bench isotonic regression for y
Create a new document.
Main entry point for pip.
Load a model from a YAML string.
Formats a parameter to a string.
Redirect the given url to the given status.
Escapes the given HTML string using force_unicode.
Get the current user name.
Runs prepare_stdout and assert_output_outlines_success_colorless.
Get the architecture of the CPU.
Get session data from session_file.
Get a ctypes library by name.
Returns the sum of squares of the sum of squares of y.
Mock stdout or stderr.
Add orbital and orbital orbits to a loop if orbital feedrate is larger than
Entry point for the command line interface.
Get the number of image members for an image.
Get a service by host and binary.
Unquotes a URL string or None.
Parse and simplify a query.
Get the version of a cluster.
Get advertisement text mail.
Return the virtual name of the provider.
Validates a config object against a config schema.
Find sr from vbd reference.
Summary and star parameters for a result set.
Routes a pre - trained model job to the blueprint.
Update the dependencies of a target
Get information about a user.
Get the version from the init_file.
Ignore comments from a list of lines.
Create a new figure manager.
Setup the platform callbacks.
List all storage accounts.
Configure logging configuration.
Test that the op_implicit method of the new class is the same as the op_implicit
Returns True if the backup_mode is a string or False otherwise.
Get a component review for a security.
Convert a PKCS_OS key to an IP address.
Returns a list of all the states in the specified environment.
Patch texttestresult. addskip patch.
Return yes - no coercion function for input r.
median test ksample.
Return the path to the server directory.
Return the virtual name of the virtual machine.
Clean up the traceback.
Return a list of tables from a list of output lines.
Unregister all registered models.
Test that generate_import_code is equal to generate_import_code.
Logs a debug message.
Set the value of a variable in the expression p.
Get next url for login page.
Convert a sequence matrix to a string matrix.
Find a script in the defpath.
Generate the keys for the given number of bits.
Get the previous version tag.
Convert a string to a namespace string.
Returns a list of all disabled daemons.
Return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary.
Load a python package from the bootstrapped package directory.
Compute computerawanomaly score.
Run the default test module.
Get a filter from a function or function.
Convert a datetime to a time.
Return a list of all returners in the specified environment.
Return a slugified version of the value.
Get a QPixmap object for the given name.
Find the version number from a file.
Check that the script has a good commandline option.
Verify that the service_type is the correct service type.
Multiplicative multiplicative expression 1.
Submit a pyspark job to a region.
Return the pardir of the current working directory.
Test history import absolute path in metadata files.
Delete artifacts from datastore.
Creates an entrance exam for the given course and entrance exam minimum score.
Fetch requirements from requirements_file_path.
Get the translated storefile from the given store.
Lease strategy.
This step allows the user to modify the display name with HTML.
Test the estimator of a sklearn smote.
Visit the inheritance diagram of a node.
Convert short to RGB.
Get the number of openfds in the system.
Convert a resource to a topic.
Save answers to a surveycomplete record.
Test whether math is a subclass of math. math
Imports the module at import_path using pyximport.
Define an nd_option class.
Create all the available territories.
Returns a view of the application detail for the specified client.
Returns a string with educatedashesoldschool replaced with str_.
chi2p approximation of chi2p
Determine if setuptools should be overriden.
A wrapper for dog_stats_api. histogram.
Find a feat_part for a given artist and albumartist.
Check that the minimum numpy version is met.
Generate a thumbnail image from a source file.
Test replace_column_via_setitem_warnings_refcount.
Save an object to a HDF5 file.
Get the local IP address of an interface.
Assert that dt1 and dt2 are equal.
Setup the platform for apcupsd.
Generate a cookie string.
Convert ms payload to ms payload.
Return all_nodes that are subclasses of superclass.
Write the assembled text to a file.
Escape characters in a string.
Scale x y to the center of x and y.
Commit an item to S3.
Convert boto exception to boto error message.
Check that the output of pip is outdated.
Return True if value is not a scalar zero.
committees_td is a function that returns committees in committees_data.
Delete a resource.
Invert a mapping to a new mapping.
Command - line interface for building a JSON configuration file.
Load a list of tests from a file.
Get the manipulated geometry output for the specified element node.
Convert a timestamp to a datetime object.
Create a new hash object.
Write a JSON object to a temporary file.
Quote a string.
Command line interface for repos.
Run the installer.
Create missing permissions for metrics that are not in view menu set.
Migrate add message prefix to max_count.
Compare the y - axis of the y - axis of a point with another point.
Open a p2g file and parse it.
Return the full path to the git repository.
Get the current state of a process.
Test that the install folder is relative to the scratch_path.
Return True if funcname is a valid JSONP function.
Return the severity of a check.
Check if Mentions activetcl or teapot are installed.
Formats a list of files using json_format.
Resume a connection.
Get the team for the current user.
Persists the clipboard to qapplication.
Inverse of a.
Get the next frame from the media player.
Reindex answers.
Create a descriptor from a protobuf.
Prune the expression of a variable or variable expression.
Return a list of available languages.
Returns a resolver for the given resource type.
Check if an employee is holiday.
Get a path that is a simplification of the specified radius.
Returns whether or not the entry should be excluded.
Perform a dig on a host.
Configures and configures the plugin requests.
Get the number of bytes from a bitstream.
Reduce the number of residues in h by derivation.
Convert a list of SQL strings into a single string.
Returns a function that returns a list of blog structure for the current site.
Hash a password using hashlib. sha512
Get the validity of a registration code.
Assert that configdata. section_desc is a string.
Returns the constraint for the sphere.
Check if the given spec should be skipped.
Return True if the given dtype can be representable or string kind.
Delete one or more devices from a mountpoint.
Return a list of filenames for all plugins in the Skeinforge plugins directory.
Iterates over the format of a structure.
Setup shed - test tools for a galaxy test.
Ensure a tenant is absent.
Computes the summary of a collection.
Compare the screenshots of a screenshot.
Return options for project_pifacc_opts
Shuffle a list of arrays.
Load an image from a file.
Find an address by public IP and device ID.
Add code cell to work notebook.
Create a hash for the version of the given item.
Run the multilink command.
Generate a template file with the given namespace function.
Parse the header links from the given value.
Verify the signature of a message.
Get the name of the init command.
Returns a tuple of boolean boolean and str_.
Read maxfilter record from file.
Return OS release information.
Test that the design matrix is a finite number of yuvs.
Correct the predictions of the target matrix.
Establish a connection to a remote SSH server.
Create a new module and its parents.
Parse patterns_spec into patterns and ignore_patterns.
Ensure that the named service is running.
Solves a discrete discrete discrete discrete discrete
Generate an MD5 hash for the given upid.
Read count doubles from a file - like object.
Encrypt a message using the given key.
Read a file and parse it.
Generate shuffled songs.
Validate slugs.
Test if the wtforms function is up and up.
Create a tuple with the same degree and hour angle.
Return a list of keys matching pattern.
Handles the user edit and comment edit events.
Get the sum dtype for the given dtype.
Send a message to the scheduler.
Update the new namespace for the given item.
Check if route_dist is a valid route distribution.
Return a hexdump of the given data.
Repeat an API call until a marker is found.
Generate a salted HMAC.
Unfreeze a frozen state.
Create a moderator user for a forum.
Get tags usage for published entries.
Stop the specified port.
Create a new EC2 volume.
Return the mood of a sentence.
Test that the user does not have a valid email address for a user.
Return the last updated time for the given context.
Convert a resource to a sink.
List all IPsecPolicies in a profile.
Import an optional package.
Returns the ssh interface configuration for the specified vm.
Sample the overlaps of the roidb.
Returns the codec for the given text or None if no codec is found.
Return the line number of the current file.
Get information about gluster volume and options.
Get the module function from a callback.
Majorize a list of values.
Set the index of the dataframe to the specified index.
Performs a DELETE request.
Remove an element from a pixellist from a point.
Duplicate a slice in a dictionary.
Render an icon.
Test for getfqdn failure.
Setup the platform for demolock.
Return None if no such function exists.
Evaluates the given code using the given variables.
Get platform dist string.
Clear the buffer from the remote connection.
Ensures that the object is a valid CUDA ndarray.
Create an image.
Queue a list of models to be processed.
Return the source from the cache for the given path.
Check if a file exists in the given path.
Show the properties of a service
Calls the high function of the specified data.
Swap axis1 and axis2 along axis2.
Set the carrier name.
Getcraftedtext from text.
Convert a dictionary to a pretty string.
Build a header string for a document.
Set the global node list.
Compile expr and test if it matches allowed_codes.
Create a binary feature from a list of bytes.
Return the rheader for the given record.
Renders an XML template to a string.
Create a queue.
Decode a list of predictions.
Runs a runner with a random string.
Split branchfile into branch and file.
Compare two bytes using the HMAC - SHA1 algorithm.
Start the named service.
Get all messages from javascript files.
Add a port to a bridge.
Contextmanager for archive_context.
Convert XR line to keyset.
linmod version of ls.
Copy stat from src to dst.
Get the next url from the request.
Swaps text with swapcase.
Parse a raw server string into a dict.
Get a list of issues in a state.
Update the samples in the database.
Test that the template is valid.
Atonym hook.
Validates a configuration dictionary.
Return the Lm of a function.
Create default groups for the database.
Exports all the states of the specified exploration to a YAML file.
Run a command in the gitcommandwidget.
Make a CA signed certificate for the given common name and private key.
Check if a connection is dropped.
Test the cross validation k - fold.
Update the profile picture data url for a user.
Returns a list of specialized types for the given type.
Helper function to simplify an eq expression.
Return True if ltyp is a pointer type.
Check if a file exists in include_dirs.
Runs code in the globals dictionary run_globals.
Redirect to the other location.
Format an email timestamp.
Store a new ticket for a given masterkey.
Generate a valid slug for the given source.
Get a list of mirrors for a given hostname.
arma_acf - arma_acf - arma_acf
Add a new link to the subreddit.
Cluster permutation test using ttest_1samp_test
Return True if the keyring is present.
Base64 encode a string.
Unzips a zipped dictionary into an ordered dictionary.
Show network information for a tenant.
Get the extensions for a CSR.
Get the uuid for a label
Conesearch timer.
Returns a function that returns a URL for the given viewname.
Get the last HTTP error for the last request.
Test that prewitt_h is horizontal.
install wx application
Load a comparable X509 certificate.
Send admins to the server.
Process an SVG elementpolyline element.
Setup a source space from a label.
Returns a list of user_email_preferences for the specified users.
Returns a function that returns the physical memory of the specified parameter.
Get a secret by its name.
Publish a progress message to the async function.
Create an image on a server.
Returns a list of resource events for the given request.
Set dirty state of the current connection.
Update a client.
safe version of np. isinf
Compute the MDFT for a given number of samples.
Performs helpful vote on a document.
Get the text of a file in a given directory.
Compute the PSD of x using the FFT.
Update the forum role membership.
Get the size of a directory.
Append an xmltextnode with the given text to the parent.
Test the drange function.
Convert unicode unicode to HTML.
Return a list of models to patch.
List all tmux configs.
Register routes with BGP.
Get the plugin module for the given filename.
Update the subject interest settings for a user.
Returns True if the specified selector is focused on the element.
Generate a key based on the given order and secexp.
Makes a naive datetime object and sets settings. use_tz to bool_
Unmount a volume.
Return a list of the number of pids in the current process.
Remove intersections from loop until there are no intersections.
Make a name for an image.
Return the relu of x.
Open a directorydbm file.
Install python prereqs.
Select an item from a table.
Sets the value_to_set in the data_structure to the value_to_set
Return the python path for the current Python interpreter.
Ensures that the specified password has been changed.
Generate a list of python paths for the given package.
Return a computer name.
Yield unique items from a sequence.
Set agent settings.
Read the ed25519 signature from a file.
Make a call to the apiproxy server and return the response.
Computes a dictionary of single - valued measures for a given ntwk.
Recursively merges two collections into a single collection.
Returns True if object is a function or a function.
Test pooling with anon variable.
Convert a JSON value to a string.
Call talib. cdl3outside with count bards
Get the display names of all credit providers for the given course.
Follow a user.
Retrieve a resource by fid.
Construct an algebraic polynomial from a list of coefficients.
Returns the power p with the highest denominator.
Lookup an email exchange.
Return True if the environment is virtual.
Raises a valueerror when censure_scale_range is not inclusive.
Convert unicode to local.
Strip characters from a string.
Delete a message.
Get the IP address of the LAN
Get the backing file name for the given path.
Chgid a group
Get the version number from the versionfile.
Check if a rt table is available.
Notifies the server about the usage of an instance.
Remove root from a list of paths
Wrap text with textwrapper.
Rename a document in the database.
Return True if array is an element of choices.
Get registration by email address.
Convert 2d constant to 1d constant.
Links a user with a failure.
Polls a process and waits for it to finish.
Runs prepare_stdout with a default verbosity of num_.
Fail if desired < tol.
Parse a single table into a single table.
Tag for review request actions.
Get the desktop URI prefix.
Enable a module if it is not enabled.
Return True if polya is full inside polyb.
Getcraftedtext from text.
Iteration statement 2.
Extract a boolean value from a string.
Assert that world is usable to absorb classes.
Test that bokeh is running on the main module.
Check if class is abstract.
Get coursetalk course key.
Return True if f is readable or False otherwise.
Returns True if the user can edit the group profile.
Submit a calculatemay enrollment task.
Check all link destinations in a container.
Convert MNC to MVSK.
Return a string with the number of CPUs in the system.
Run a command and return the stdout.
Get a list of all simulated paths for the specified prefix.
Setup axes for the 2D floating axes.
Return the cone of the individual at the given position.
Fit a single class using neighbourhoodcleaningrule.
Assert that all unit summary prefixes have the same name.
Temporarily disables the current session.
Maximal max function.
Generate a hash of the contents of a file.
Make a new response from the kverifyresponserenewedexpired.
Get the external IP address of the host.
Assign a random resource to a resource.
Get a socket for the specified port.
Raise cryptounavailableerror if crypto is not available.
Theme project controller.
Returns the maximum of x along the specified axis.
Check if we are in QTConsole.
Get disabled services.
Returns a set of supported URI schemes.
Get the documentation for the current environment.
Return a panel that inherits from base_panels_from_pillar.
Return a sqlite3 database object.
Update the options for the given model.
Get the display time zone name for the given time zone name.
Test that the power expand of a symbol is the same as the power expand of b.
Load mimetypes from a list of mimetype locations.
Test that the port is valid.
control the time limit of a task
Return the unit price for an offer.
Associate a Floating IP to a Floating IP.
Renders the dashboard tag.
Delete a queue in a region.
Check if the given entry is a valid fingerprint.
Insert a primitive tab into a coursetab.
Logarithm of the logarithm of x.
Greedily split a string into a list of outlines.
Returns a list of strings that match the trie.
Check if a worker ctl is enabled.
Fail if lst is not before item1 and item2.
Test the sensor value from code.
Returns a roundedtoplacesstring for the given number of decimal places.
Wait for the given snapshot status to match the given status.
Read a string from a matrix.
Create a set of option values from a list of option values.
Remove tags that are not in the block level.
Prints the Julia code for the given expression.
Returns a list of ordered locations.
Get image from test_data_root
Call a service operation on a sample.
Blends an image onto a canvas.
Parse a date string perforce into a datetime object.
List all regions in RDS.
Get lines without redundantundancy.
Register a schema for the given path.
Print a summary of the results.
Format a string using html - safe formatting.
Extract tomcat version from tomcat version output.
Parses the given tests_source and returns a list of test objects.
Returns a new repository with a new version of speedrepository
Get a random integer from the specified number of bytes.
Uploads a project to vcs.
Allocate a value and store it in the builder.
NumPy scalar version of numpy. complex
Create a WSGI resource.
Add a host to an aggregate.
Return the name of the backing file for the given volume.
Return an iterator over all available plugins.
Returns a list of templated power types that are not included in fence files.
Reload webservice module.
Login to Google Voice.
Permission denied view.
Ensure that the given name is present in the database.
Wraps the libvlc_vprinterr library function.
ht_trendmode - ht_trendmode - ht_trendmode - ht
Parse input spec and return imageshape.
Get a library by its name. If no library is found an error is raised.
Return the path to the runtime directory.
Returns a list of models.
Skip packages with the specified requirements.
Show a vocabulary.
List all inactive VMs.
Get package name from data.
Parse a comma separated list of tokens into a list of tokens.
Attempts to retain a media list to a media list.
Remove all excess pyc files from the specified path.
Return the URL for the given module and filename.
Include debug CSS in S3.
Check if align percent field is valid.
Receiver for file deletion.
Return the bitwidth of a string in bits.
Return a dictionary of available upgrades for the specified package.
Normalize a URL.
Initialize the parameters for the layer.
Computes the commutation matrix for the given p and q.
Test distance comparison.
Convert a colourhex value to a string.
Runs all scenarios in the behave_model run_model_with_cmdline and
Generate a managed section for a cluster.
Return a human - readable time string for the given number of seconds.
Fetches all streams that are not in a finite state.
Test for float_range.
Get the arounds of a given radius from a loop.
Validate a response.
Project vector v onto vector w.
Complete a list of rules.
Compute summary of the summary of an exploration.
Unvouch user.
Initialize the engine.
Get an instance from the identity map.
Log a warning message.
Fixture for the project bar.
Get the minimum of a set of complex paths.
Create a multiprocessing manager.
Check if the given alphabets are compatible with the given alphabets.
Check if a role exists.
Setup the platform.
Delete a collection of models asynchronously.
Execute a background job.
Replace basedir in s with str_.
Calculates the duration of a given number of samples.
Returns the name of the common type of the given object.
Parses the given text and returns a list of partitionspecs.
Find all qualified targets that have the given target.
Normalize html string.
Get a remote appid from a remote url.
Create a dataset from a list of data.
Delete a zone.
Get a scatter property from an entity proto.
Unregister a mimetype handler.
Logs out the user.
Compiles the given expression down to a SQL statement.
Returns True if filename is empty or wascancelled.
Enter a standby autoscaling group.
Get a list of IPv6 addresses.
Get stylesheet reference from settings.
Call a BGP method.
Check environment variables.
Returns a list of all the results for the given cl.
Test for rfill.
Assert all instances in a list are of the specified class.
Reguid a zpool
Reload the CSF file.
Strips object_transient_sysmeta_prefix from key.
Rename a file or directory.
Broadcast multiple arrays.
Start a new VM.
Setup source space comparisons for source space comparison.
Return the ipset command.
Renders the given args and kwargs to a KML response.
Add negatives positives and negatives.
Install a package if it isn t installed.
Error message for Jinja2.
Check that the sum of the rows and columns of the scaled matrix is equal to the mean of
Get the machine name of the machine.
Filters the given value by replacing all occurrences of str_ with str_.
Tests whether a feature is loaded from a file sets scenario line and filename.
Convert datetime to log string.
Duplicate a finite difference polynomial division.
Generate a hash of the contents of a file.
Split a sequence into chunks of length n.
Return a set of all components of a function or derivative.
Check if pending_registration should be approved.
Assert that the points p1 and p2 are close to each other.
Delete a topic rule.
Launch a softwareswitch.
Runs setup_completion for the default parameters of the script.
Merge a directory or directory tree into another directory.
Escapes XML characters in a string.
Build a single page from a rex request.
Convert a bytestring to lower case.
Prints the given command and username to stdout.
Execute the given statement with the given parameters and return the result.
Verify an OAuth request.
Load the model from a file.
Get the hrm variables for the current user.
Ensure that a role is absent.
Check if a string is a channel.
Upload a template and reload it.
UPLINK BUSY packet.
Escapes the given string using the legacy HTML escapes.
Build a filter query from a list of arguments.
Replacement for nav_link.
Commit a list of files.
Validate that a string is a valid type in a column.
Extract items from data.
Split a query string into a path and query.
Handle namespaces.
Contextmanager that yields a list of nested managers.
Convert a list of mcycles to seconds.
Get the description speed for the given lines.
Verify that a pip install is created from a file index hash link.
Returns a vim. vm. device. VirtualDevice for the specified network adapter type.
Run all tests.
Get the auth profile class.
Set the locationlist of the diagnostics.
Condense semicolons with semicolons.
Calculates the SHA256 hash of a message using the given key.
Get a namespace by its id.
Collate a binary expression.
Filter a string based on a regular expression.
Check if a plugin is enabled.
Convert timedelta to floatseconds.
Reads a decimal number and a short number from a file - like object.
Recursively remove all files that match the specified patterns.
Return a compiled regex pattern for the given indexname.
Convert data to a chunk of data.
Partition a list of nodes into a single list of nodes.
Return a list of placeholders for the given extend node.
Test that pagelinks plugin shows all page links.
Extracts the text and tail of elem from elem.
Check fresh login.
Check if an address is a valid IP address.
Parse a list of kinds and sizes.
Get a map of attribute names to values for an object.
Moves a file from one location to another.
Load the default imagefont.
Parses a format method string and returns a tuple of keys num_args num_args and
Get a signed key for a CA.
Get the arguments for the crawler.
Annotate text using UTF - 32.
Get geometryoutput by connection.
Get the value of a hash field.
Make a local path from a string.
Print debug information.
Test that pip. commands. install as import is not None.
Return the maximum absolute value of a with respect to ia.
Setup the platform for the server.
Return the git version of sopel.
Convert a list of files to a filename.
Process a bitmap file.
Tests system threading tasks.
Convert a dictionary to a list of transformed paths.
Check that obj is a subclass of BinOpBase.
Cast an object to a target.
Return the histograms of the given image.
Check a password option.
Create a Tripleledes object for the given key and IV.
Find a network by bridge.
Draw a spectral on the given graphics object.
Pair HMM sequences with unaligned sequences.
Get the trainset and testset of the dataset.
Prompts the user to choose a config variable.
Default error handler.
Get the position of a media instance.
Pretty print the parameters.
Decorator that skips a function if the root_urlconf is str_.
Parse an autopart rule.
Return a dictionary of all the reverifications for the given statuses.
Returns the site object for the current site.
Get the path to the virtualenv.
Enables or disables ratelimit configuration.
Convert a constant value to a constant.
Prompts the user for a password.
Exit on collection with maxfail greater than n errors.
Getcraftedtext from text.
Test negative distance.
Alter a retention policy.
Add a string to the output.
Create a dictionary property.
Get content and key from S3 bucket.
Get the type descriptor for the given type.
Return ansible environment with integration information.
Get the IP address of a sentinel master
Given a list of repository dependency tuples return a tuple of booleans indicating whether or not the
Iterate over fields in a dict or dict.
Remount the device.
Send a message using the API v2 API.
Return the skew of a matrix.
Add an endxmltag tag to the output stream.
Print a tuple target.
Remove qote characters from text.
Archive a package s sources into a manifest.
Return a prettified version of the order line.
Get all groups in a project.
Return True if string is a canonical integer.
Set environment variables for all hosts.
Returns the name of the hypervisor bridge in the given vif.
Return a tuple of the sort key and the sort key of the given dictionary.
Default export transform.
Returns True if the freq provides CORS features for the specified frequency.
Raise valueerror when reraise fails.
Get the saved rules from a conf file.
Create database if it doesn t exist.
Return the number of CPUs on the system.
Get the number of revisions in the shell.
Convert a version string to a tuple of integers.
Feed reader for a group.
Initialize a new viewer for the given rows and columns.
Concatenate multiple models with the given attribute.
Run mainloop loop.
Color text according to the given color and attributes.
Get the package name for the given filepath.
Formats the given format_string with the given format_string using the given args_generator
Add syncing models to the syncing model list.
Get information about a package.
Sort n1 n2 by namespaceuri and localname.
Train the optimizer.
Resize the tab.
Return True if path exists False otherwise.
Calculates the default variables for the specified flavor.
Find all snippet files that match the given string.
Return the current metadata for the given items.
Return a list of sids for each song in test_songs.
Get the value of a node annotation.
Get snapshot data from Elasticsearch.
Return the current session counter.
Write a string table to an XML file.
Raise exception_class with args.
Return a dispatch object for the given username.
Displays a debug error message.
Return True if any of ignore_test_paths should be ignored.
Load a glyph from a font file.
Returns the first and last day of the month of the given date.
Return a list of all registered drivers.
pinv_1d returns a 1 - dimensional array of 1 - dimensional integers representing the
Shift n to b by b.
Rotate an angle along an axis.
Check if upgrade is available.
Returns a commit message for the given suggestion.
Create a task that sends an email to a queue.
Allow a function to be public.
Returns a list of datastore fields for a resource.
Rotation matrix.
Test get_param_vector method.
Get all enabled and disabled services.
Return grains for tgt_type.
Prepare lookup value for lookup.
Reads a table and test that the exclude_names attribute is equal to the number of rows
Convert a list of rows to a string.
Get a list of serviceagents for a given request.
Detect executable paths from a list of source values.
Set properties for an image.
Set gl entries by account.
Get a list of messages from a report.
Quote a string using urllib. parse. quote.
Initializes the OS2 environment variables.
Parse a date into a string.
Find the migration repository.
Process a list of rules into a list of rules.
Injector that returns a tuple of args and env variables for the injector.
Convert a textual representation of a string into an IPv4 address.
Returns the number of lines and width of the terminal.
Convert a dense batch to a sparse matrix.
Cache a local file if it exists.
Remove tag url from question.
Injects functions from pyopengl into the namespace.
Get the remote url of a module.
Check if two rectangles are colliding.
Extract error message from page.
Set a proxy to use.
Check if the given name is ignored by the given hass.
Get the title of a media instance.
Start logging a file.
Check to see if the server is responding.
Return a list of proxy servers for a given network service.
Parse the OnBlog date string into a W3DTF date object.
Generate a new id for the given entry.
Get a phylogenetic metric by name.
Test warning config for google homelisten port.
Decodes a unicode string into its base64 - encoded form.
Generate a random salt.
Format a list of messages as a stat response.
Create a base cipher for the given dictionary parameters.
Add xml from vertexes to output.
Split an iterable into n chunks.
Get environment variable from segment_info.
Get the access key from the environment variable.
Fetch the current job from the job stack.
Remove a directory if it is empty.
Returns True if the user is logged in or pref_public_votes or pref_admin
Find scopes for a list of services.
Remove insertions from a string.
Remove leading lines from a list of lines.
Check the version of Bower and raise an error if it is too old.
Return the name of an item.
Generate a random password.
Getcraftedtext from text.
Create a manifest object from an XML file.
Convert plaintext to HTML.
Pportinacknowledge number.
Formats the given value as a file - size format.
Handler for qutescheme.
Horizontal stacking of a cupy array.
Initialize readline variables.
Resize images from src to dst using pngcrush_image. delay
Check if an action is required.
Submit a draft for review.
Sends a decision email.
Return a rebulk of the language strings.
Copy query options from the protocol buffer to the protocol buffer.
Calculate the angle and axis of a matrix.
Represent the name of a user in the database.
Split a string into a quoted string and a rest of it.
Register a srploop command.
Safely update dict_to with values from dict_from.
Create a new user.
Load a list of images from disk.
Generate a tab for a given depth.
Create a recurring run.
Return True if x is at the origin of x.
Update or create extra spec spec for a volume type.
Find all tests in the given testdir.
Add a time unit to a time.
Initialize a logging handler.
Return the contrast allpairs of a given dimension.
Get the root device name from a dictionary of properties.
Apply a filter to each section of the sos.
Return the vocabulary for a tag.
Test pick_channels and pick_types.
Add ownership information to registry.
Get the leftpoint of a list of points.
Initialize the database.
Get associations for a given qos spec.
Convert a timestamp to a datetime. datetime object.
Cache a resource id for a service.
Package a geonode package.
Set the logger class to use.
Get the minimum index of the dataset.
Compute the fermat of n.
Get BeautifulSoup from url.
Evaluate the difference between two values.
Send a notification email to all subscribers of a new language.
Kernel function that returns true if d1 and d2 are the same.
Create a link to a backup.
Show the details of a job.
Get a zone by name.
Choose a potential from a list of matches.
Open a resource stream.
NAME xlsx2py. py
Create a pairtree marker for the given folder.
Prune a graph by primifying all nodes in the graph.
Factory for creating a containercontroller.
Temporarily silences sys. stdout and sys. stderr.
Test constrainfiltermaxnorm for constrainfiltermaxnorm.
Test that read_basic has the expected delimiter.
Get a dictionary of readme files for display.
Read cronconfig file and return parsed cronconfig.
Check if gating is enabled for the given user.
Create a certificate issuer ID.
Check if a user has permission for a group or org.
Run limited_epoch_train on a yaml file.
Process escapes in text.
Parse a name string for a Rarefaction FNAME.
Print information about a virtual machine.
Parse a range header.
Return a tuple of the file and the module name.
Create a new version for the given upload.
Return a list of available modules.
Compute the compression rate for the given meta data.
Add a translation to a plugin.
Get the result type based on the results.
Validate a URL against a list of protos.
Remove packages from pkg_list.
Get the numba type for the given dshape.
Show bokehjs output.
Return a datetime object from uuid1 uuid_arg.
Create dhcp options for a VPC.
Scans the reader for variables.
Return a contiguous numpy array as a contiguous array.
Get the interior overhangradians of an element node.
Lookup candidates for a given task.
Remove the title from the page and mark all descendants as pending.
Validate a parameter from a dictionary.
Initialize the rcsetup module.
Return a new dict with the elements of dict_a and dict_b added.
Compute the idzr - id of a matrix.
Generates a generator that yields all the models.
Return the image type for a vda.
List all VMs in the specified location.
Check if a device exists in the specified namespace.
Draw random markers and test if they are approved.
Prompt the user for a password.
Create a delimited list expression.
Get all testcases of a module.
Get all PCI devices associated with a specific instance UUID.
bench_r6 returns the number of benches
Generate a JID for the current time.
rmtree error handler.
Return the application for the QApplication.
Add dependencies to a device memory object.
Get the version number of the server.
Create a connection to the database.
Run a command and return a docstring.
Generate a key for descending time.
Check if a file is a tty.
Convert an RGB array to RGBA array.
Returns True if the txn_id of the ipn_obj is duplicated.
Check if the given consul URL is valid.
Add a new ide controller to a vim. vm. device. VirtualDeviceSpec.
Convert an image to a blob and scale factors.
Stop memory profiling.
Convert unicode to unicode.
Get a date object from a string.
Find the longest id in a list of ids.
A context manager that raises a valueerror when an exception is raised.
Add endpoints from a segment to the list of endpoints.
Simplify the parser return.
Unpack a version string into a tuple.
Change user and group ownership of path.
Get the cloud configuration value for a managed cloud.
Return a list of help problems for the given help text.
Get the consumer for the current session.
Return the offset of the commit of the given version.
Check if a hostname is valid.
Get the current time of a media player.
Return a version string that matches version_string.
Convert an IPv4 address string to a hex string.
Run a WSGI function.
Open a connection to the specified host and port.
Return the conjugate of a float.
Generate a counter for the given ind1 and ind2
Lowess bisquare.
Split a host and port into a tuple of host and port.
Generate code from a template node.
Extract endrec data from a 64 - bit file.
Raise comma if the given logical line is not a comma.
Compute the MNE loc of a coil location.
Get a list of locale directories for the given resources.
Get the name of a Linux adapter and IP address.
Redirect to the default URL.
Minify a JS string using javascriptminify.
Remove a security group from a server.
Generate a tooltip for a nodeitem.
Creates a bad request with the given template.
Validate an XML file against the specified xsd file.
Test scenario description.
Estimate the covariance matrix of the covariance matrix.
Send emails to users.
Print basic debug information.
Log a message to the root logger.
Add or update a changeset status page.
Deconstruct a timestamp device_id and uniquifier from an asset_id.
Return a boolean and a string representing the virtual state of the system.
Send an email to a consumer.
List all certificates associated with a service.
Escape special characters in a string.
Filter registers to return a list of values sorted according to the given property resolver.
Normalize a float so that it is less than num_
Replacement for web. shorten.
Remove compiled application.
Return a long description of the module.
List all transactions.
Choose backup mode.
Get the global logger.
Generate a web URL for the given view.
Primitive in x0.
Monkey patch gevent. event and gevent. local.
Check if the operating system supports AVX.
Register a str_ event handler.
Unescapes a string and returns it.
Get a supported language variant from a language code path.
Get arounds from a list of paths.
Remove all images that are older than the current time.
Get the supported language variant for the given language code.
Recursive function to test a list.
Part the bot.
Make testcases for allocated sizes.
Run a script in the script_dir.
Run a tumbolia query.
Writes a list of messages to the specified output stream.
Remove an identity from an object store.
Recursively change the permissions of a file or directory.
Make a readable file.
Validate a commit message.
Check if a dist is in a usersite.
Wait for a new volume to be retyped.
Class decorator that ensures that Python 2 and 3 have the same unicode representation.
Transpose a vectorized matrix.
Convert a color value to a string.
Attempts to convert a value into a timeuntil string. If the value is not a string
Return the configuration string for the given family.
Serialize an object to JSON.
Get all the UUIDs associated with the given host.
Delete a document if it exists.
List all installed apps.
Get an rfxtrx object from a packetid.
Parse a list of input sentences into a list of syntrees.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the input hook should be run.
Build jenkins info from a JSON response.
Calculate the filename of the image to be uploaded.
Detects whether a stream is a CSV file.
Adds a summary of the gradients.
Parse credentials from options.
Log a notice if enabled for logging. notice.
Validate that value is an integer.
Writes a string to the output file.
Returns a dictionary containing the language information for the given site.
Convert a python value to JavaScript.
Convert a string to a list.
Register RDPCAP command.
Drop missing values along a given axis.
Monitor the journal for changes.
Block the current thread.
Fit the sample decay tree to the sample decay tree.
List virtual interfaces.
Save the multidesc editor to the database.
Get a group type by id.
Convert a base64 - encoded string to a UIDB64 string.
Register cronjobs to email daily ratings.
Enable a service.
Add a protoc plugin to the config.
Test that the grouped copy of t1 matches the grouped copy of t1.
Yields all non - leaf nodes from a BFS source.
Return the default nodename for the given hostname.
Make a POST request to the given url and data.
Searches for a path in the list of finders and returns a list of matches.
Find CSS element with wait.
Get available languages.
Handles the password reset done response.
Try to find a readline library.
Iterate over the fullnames of a function.
Test gridsearch.
Assert that first equals second.
Create a shape from a path and pen.
Concatenate tensors along specified axis.
Set a font for a section and option.
Get instance faults by instance uuids.
Returns a list of breadcrumbs for the given query and path
Validate bug tracker URL.
Call popen and wait for it to finish.
Get Zendesk custom field context.
Rebuilds the marshalled code from the marshal version and bytecode magic.
Get the index of the const_index of the exog.
Get a file descriptor or a server.
Merge hosts and roles into a single list.
Ensure that the require function is a single existing key.
Round a number to three places.
Click an element.
Get xunit function from obj if it exists.
Read configuration from disk.
Prepare asides to store.
Resume an instance.
Truncates the specified number of words.
Return a dictionary of all the processes in the grains.
Check if the given function has no rewrite.
Check if the given GCS URI is valid and fix it.
Displays the tooltip of the form.
Get the dtype of the given dtype.
Update compatible versions of an addon.
Get the gecos field for a given name.
Return a list of paths from a list of indexes.
Check if the logical line is None.
Build a list of all files in the root_dir.
Get a driver by name.
Return the name of a function.
Context manager that isolates the lru_cache_object from the context manager.
Get the list of dhcp leases for a network.
Set attributedictionary by arguments.
Get indices of minibatches in n.
Test whether tabs are present in mne.
Load an object from a path.
Expand the dimensions of an array along the specified axis.
Returns True if all the tensors in a_tensors are all close to each other.
Convert a list of issues to a dictionary.
Return sys. getfilesystemencoding.
View function for the betasigned log page.
Return a list of all serial addresses for the current machine.
Get the MAC address of an interface.
Multiply a variable by another.
Generate a new datafile with the given number of items.
Convert an element node to a container element node.
Yields items from an iterable and shows them in a bar.
Reshape a 2D array to a 2D array.
Pre - run code hook.
Test that batchnormalized_mlp_learn_scale_propagated_at_
Embed an album into an album.
Execute a command.
Generate a random seed of x.
Get a single user from the API view.
Replace html and unicode characters in an atom element.
Return the imode bit of the given mode.
Group sums for each unique combination of groups.
Convert an elementnode to a container elementnode.
Handle existing loggers.
Get hardware infos from a list of clients.
Return the linear function of y.
Traverses the input x and returns a copy of d.
Assert that the step command output should not contain any text.
Map a list of requests to a stream.
Create a new flavor.
Parse command line arguments.
lcp array from t_str to s_array
Return the offset of the current line.
Draw a polar plot.
Create a lxml doc from an XML response.
Setup logging.
Returns True if n is a tuple.
Patched describe_step.
Get the path to a resource in a virtualenv.
Get the object of the sole object of the object.
Remove a contributor from a document.
Deprecated version of addslash.
Returns a list of packages that can be used for autocomplete.
Render a dson input.
Page for managing a project.
Write the output of Skeinforge.
Entry point for the toolshedrepository command.
Transmit a message to the remote_yard.
Restart the daemon if it is paused.
Extracts the text from the input_filenames.
Check if a requirement is available.
Update session language.
Setup the platform.
Validate slug value.
Test atomic download failure.
Make the padparameters for the given curve value and threshold value.
Get load information for a given jid.
Run pip on system site site packages.
Rank1nes test objective function.
Runs test_yaml_no_targets from test_yaml_no_targets
Return the current working directory.
Add a path to the infillpaths list.
List vrrps.
Get the release group rules for this anime.
Return a list of strings representing a normal comment.
Resolve all occurrences of task in anno that anno matches task.
Get a list of ordered categories.
Convert an IP address to binary format.
Return True if str is an IANA IANA address.
Search for all ports in the specified name.
Return the path to the makefile.
p_expression_binop computes the p_expression_binop of the expression
Poll the network for a given interval.
Get the root directory of a path.
Enable a job in Jenkins.
Create a new figure manager.
Template the given text into HTML.
Authenticate using the cryptographic auth backend.
Sum the parts of the given data.
Merge two dicts.
Convert a timedelta to a number of days.
Serialize data to JSON.
Factory for a templated plugin.
Summarize the results of the coheneffects.
Return the base name of the given string.
Get a tenant by name.
Dump a file to the log.
Compute the gradient of a constant expression.
Return the partition of a value in the given divisions.
Decode a base64 - encoded string.
Test outdated editables.
Generate a list of name and category for each addon.
Distribute user and host keys.
Get a list of all simulated paths for the given element node.
Runs on the specified appengine service.
Read pillar data from a config file.
Disable password authentication in sshd_config.
Load a bucket from S3.
Create a test image.
Train and test isolation for each parameter and predict the result.
List users in MongoDB.
Return the current git commit.
Getcraftedtext from gcodetext.
Run a script or script and call a script.
Return a pretty string representation of a frame relation type.
Returns a pipeline that decrypts and decompresses the file specified by in_fd.
Writes the output of the first transcriber to the specified filename.
Get a server from a service group.
Query the database for notes that have been created for the specified user.
Get the arguments for a function.
Print an error message to stderr.
Indent a buffer by a specified number of lines.
Creates a server error handler that handles ajax errors.
Returns a list of circleintersectionloops for the given circleintersections.
Start a block of FIFF file.
Get the jid for a given jid
Restore the state of the warnings state.
Return a fully qualified URL for the given base path.
Get the color name for the given value.
Add a reference to a file and a path conflict.
Return the current runlevel.
Generate indices for bagging features and sample indices.
Set an environment variable.
Create an error message.
Return True if l has exactly n elements.
butter_lp - > butter_lp
Get the kernel for the given value.
Test that the create_wedge_text_source method of the WedgeTextSource class
Return netstat route information for netbsd.
Create the init. py file for the init. py file.
Return True if the device is virtual.
Check that extra files have been created after wheel.
Compute the perceptron output of the perceptron.
PDF for the pdf.
Check the current version of the client.
Get a mocked release by id.
Test for float doctests.
Create a small undirected graph of a bull graph.
Test if f is a distributed server.
Decode a base64 - encoded string.
Sanitize filename.
Group ranges into groups.
Print obj to p.
Get the indexer s absolute numbering for the given indexer.
Initialize the zoneintervaltable for a shape.
Sanitize a URL.
Process the lenmavlist and show the graph.
Get args from docstring.
Log PDF for a vector x.
Generate a url for a data file.
Update a collection summary.
Create a parameter from a value and size.
Check if the current event is safe.
Test rendering a mri without Bem.
Install a pip package.
View a table in a storage account.
Reset the locale to the default locale.
Returns True if unichar is printable.
Returns the machine key for the current machine.
Test that hug. types. accept accepts custom exception text.
Check if a segment matches a section.
Test that statsd doesn t fail.
Split a sequence into chunks of size size.
Generate a stringio representation of the current thread.
Combine a sequence of games into a single sequence of plays.
Get a class from a class path.
Lower getattr of deferred type.
Find username and password credentials for a given host.
Decorator for registering URL - safe URLs.
Test the distances between arrays of coordinates.
Get all questions for a given complete.
Wrap a negative index with a given dim.
Create a map for the specified module.
Check if a file ends with any of the endings.
Get a key from the config file.
Return the absolute path to a directory.
Enable a service.
Finds the management module for the given application name.
Check if the user tags for the given dt have changed.
Test that feature. max_length is the maximum length on the feature name.
Returns a list of roles with permission.
Get all likes for a given object.
Return set of solidity unresolved symbols in hex_code.
Get the locale for the given category.
Test that the kde function is an integer input.
Safely quote a URL.
Render a template file using wempy.
Get a list of tiles from a list of names.
Get the favorite information for a user and content object.
Smartfill a named stringio file.
Setup the sauce browser.
Return True if the given path is a directory.
Return raw pillar data.
Get the rights of a collection.
Find the root location of a resource.
Get the geometry output for the given derivation and xmlelement.
Inverse permutation of permutation p.
Exponential moving average.
Clone a BS4 element.
Get the newderivation of an element node.
Connect to a test server and client.
Return a text representation of a journal.
Test conversion of RGB to HSL part 4.
Run the bot data in a session.
Set indicator for a board.
Remove an app from bench. app.
Get the status of a task.
Remove VC macro slashes from a string.
Interactively enter interactive mode.
Split a filter value for quotes.
Test the activation of a trainer.
Register a language manager.
Normalize AWS facts.
Join segments fromtable into intotable.
Test for fill_include_names and fill_exclude_names.
Write data to a file descriptor.
Plot the PSD epochs of the current epoch.
Return a list of revisions for the organization.
Convert MC to MNC.
Get seasonnzb files for a given season.
Convert a list of paths to native paths.
Load the status of all channels from the database.
Pickle data.
Given a function and a list of args and kwargs return an ordered dictionary of the function s arguments
Convert in to out using topooptimizer.
Returns a dictionary mapping block device names to their mappings.
Merge other into base.
Remove all joinables from os. path.
Set format callbacks for audio.
Convert a descendant address to a pathglobs object.
Get the server type from a docstring.
Generate a fingerprint of a set of channel samples.
Returns True if x is an integer.
Convert a to a linearoperator.
Return a datetime object representing the epoch.
Skips imports and skips tkinters with the given module name.
Suspend a connection.
Check if imageio and pil library are installed.
Get the endpoint for the signed app server.
Return True if in_str is empty False otherwise.
Display a report filter form.
Accept connections forever.
Writes the corrected mapping to a file.
Read a text file.
Process a mistral configuration file.
Show the version of a device.
Authorizes a client with the given credentials.
Returns a coarse - grained datetime. datetime object.
Given a list of URLs return a list of tuples containing the title and hostname.
Create a row type.
Ensure that a VPN forward IP address is valid.
Register a media endpoint.
Test that num_ == float_range.
Return a tuple with the number and the expression.
Get the state of a step in a job flow.
Register a tag that returns the URL of the page with the given slug.
Retrieve hardware events from osquery.
Redirect the user to a new location.
Run a command inside a directory.
Save the contents of a NZB string to a file.
Disassociate all IPs associated with a fixed IP.
NAME galhtmlprefix. py
Get an item from the database.
Generate a signature for the given public key.
Get the foreground and background colors for a home display.
Check if the response has a vary header.
Get the path to a template file.
Derivative of the data_fun.
Set the SSL certificate key for a site.
Temporarily set a temporary locale.
Return an iterator over the given types of the given evaluator.
Assert that the icon of the media is the same as the normal of the arceus form.
Calculate the APK score for a predicted APK.
Find all socketfiles in the current working directory and return a list of socketfiles.
Load a YAML configuration file.
Get the string representation of an IP version.
Run the fabtools command.
Flattens the response content into a single string.
Flush the database to the server.
Check if the given pipestr matches the current rendering pipeline.
Split sentence into sentence parts.
Generate the vulnerability rheader for a vulnerability resource.
Return the path to the python inc directory for the current platform.
Revert a multivariate polynomial.
Compute the tower loss.
Return a list of directories that start with the given path.
Redirect to the proxyconnect endpoint if the user is authenticated.
Returns a list of divs for the given form.
Force a string to be unicode.
Ensure that pr_fetch is present in the git repository.
Convert an instance to a string.
Bokeh installer.
Singular Value Decomposition for the Singular Value Decomposition.
Make a 2D grid of the given arrays.
Add logx and logy to a diff.
double urlencode with double quotes
Parse comments and return a list of comments.
Parse a list rule.
Given a res_pkg_name res_pkg_name and my_pkg return the name
Create a document in an index.
Slugify uniquely for queryset.
Remove document permissions from the database.
Get the output target extension from the spec.
Create a tracking context for the given user.
Test that patch_images returns an error on an invalid directory
Check if the given path is an archive or an rarfile.
Verify that pip version is correct.
Returns True if all the words in words are equal to the cap_differential.
Iterate over all modules in the specified package.
Determine whether or not to certify the course for the course.
Activates the environment from the given path.
Update a user.
Update a mapping from one dict to another.
Prepare a create instance request.
Format a directive for use in a module directive.
Return the filename of the current state.
Return a list of units for the given args and kwargs.
Parallelly parallelize x and y using a parallel function.
Shift a by b.
Test that the figure should preserve the font size.
Return True if s is a multiline string.
Run print monitorcv test.
Perform a Studio prompt action.
Convert a number of bytes to a number of bytes
Format a currency for use with oscar.
Test the classification report of a multiclass with a long string label.
Nukes the builddir and installers. releasedir
assert that tps is not the same as tps
Given a corpus and a list of author IDs construct a dictionary that maps each document to its
Delete a resource class.
Read a PSEA file and return a string.
Given a mac and a hostname insert it into the database.
Autoencoder function for sparse matrices.
Ensure that the specified profile is absent from the specified subdomain.
Install ez from scratchatch.
Assert that first is not second.
Test the evaluation report for the evaluation report.
Test the regression of 4033.
dup_zz_irreducible_p.
Get the timeout for a given amount of time.
Fix up F4 characters in a string.
bench random r11
Get the current simulation state.
Encode thing using sys encoding.
Returns a dictionary of initial values for a form.
Submit a Checkout form.
Escapes a string for use as a variable expression.
Create types for the given index.
Process the show version information.
If len_channels > = len_channels and num_ > = len_channels change the
Wait for a job to finish.
Create a user and a user profile.
Connect to cloud load balancer.
Expand the bench.
Returns the fileno of f if f is an integral number.
Apply constraint constraints to blockvectorv and blockvectory.
Send a request to the API.
Get a hosting service by name.
Swap host_addr with host_addr.
Parse the options passed to the ETHTOOLS_OPTS command.
Get proxies from environment variables.
Contextmanager that restores the current working directory.
Return the logging level for the specified runlevel.
Setup the netatmo platform.
Read a record from a file.
Return the server of the distrib server.
Verify that the uploaded file has been successfully uploaded.
Get the kind of a key.
Partial maximum of a.
Given a line number and a list of lines and a line number return the number and a string
Initialize the database.
Test template for httpinternalservererror.
Solve the linear regression problem with linear regressions.
Return exception for uncaught API error.
Returns a list of videos for the given course.
Add a statement to the name table.
Register a filter to be used as a string filter.
Check all the tasks and log any errors.
Parse the results from a MF file and return a tuple of py_files and extensions.
Returns a single selection of the selected items.
Compute the refmat of a vector p and q.
Setup stubs for RDBMS.
Get variables in a scope.
Indent a logical line by the given indentation level.
Convert a raw XML string to a string.
Remove all filenames from descriptor.
Run a feature without a name.
Establish a connection to SQS.
Get all MFA devices for a user.
List documents.
SHA512 encode a string.
Updates the top25 contributors in the crontab.
rparam a and b
Filter filenames that are not in the exclude list.
Symmetric cross product of two arrays.
Writes conditional formatting rules to worksheet.
Change the workphone of a workphone.
Return a dict of head node types to fixer list.
Context manager that sets the in - sighandler flag.
Shortcut for redirecting to alternate mode.
Return a column type.
Check if a key is encrypted.
Convert a number to a number of words.
Send external ember app.
Validate the LMS configuration.
Unregister a hosting service.
Temporarily set login_notrequired to True.
Return an iterator of lines from the WSGI environ.
Get course s syllabus section.
Return a list of names that match the given pattern.
Get the width of a string in bytes.
Destroy an instance.
Download a VCS link from a pip script.
Convert Sina XML to URL list.
Create an environment and install it.
Entry point for the clcserver script.
Linear registries linear registries.
Center x on the center of the grid.
Runs prepare_stdout and asserts that the output is colorless.
Build a graph from a cursor.
Build a list of operations for a given adgroup_id.
Test that a qdatastream has a status of OK none or writeFAILED.
Check if x and y are equal to y.
Find the instrument that can have arum_pads or chains.
Return the basename of the given dev.
Prepare the environment for the given subject and subject directories.
Reduce the precision of an element.
Render the purchase form as html.
Returns a list of commands to execute.
Edit an account.
Get id from id_or_obj. If id_or_obj is a string or
Generate extractors.
Returns a renderer for the given object.
Convert a file - like object to an integer.
Euclidean distance between a and m.
Create a default app action.
Handler for engine namespaces.
Pre - compute operation.
Print a message to the error log.
Parse a line of text into key value pairs.
Eagerly load all objects from the database.
Returns the number of seconds since the given timestamp.
Parse HTML string.
Return True if the environment is virtual otherwise False.
Runs the sanity - code mell command.
Set the global _creation_order attribute.
Prep for filtering.
Send a message to the WOL device.
Generic factorization of expr.
Kegg - Convenient version of kegg_conv
Get a redis connection to the redis server.
Get all regions in the VPC.
Return the maximum value of a variable.
Get a list of all the files in the merged store.
Get limit of remote resource resources.
Normalizes envvarreferences in a string.
Check if data sharing is consistent at login.
Initialize the multiprocessing thread.
Ensure django admin media serving is forced by setting environment variable str_.
Set dirty flag for thread.
Return the identity of arg.
Revalidate the edges of a node in a heap.
Get the number symbol for a locale.
Checks that the value of a property value is within max_length.
Fold the arguments of a signature into a list of functions.
Decorator to mark a function as skipping doctests.
Get the writer for the given extension.
Test that ast_invalid_unary_op is not supported.
Yields a generator that asserts that all sets are equal.
Unwraps a test suite.
Bootstrap a ubuntu container.
Check if path is a file or a directory.
View the help page.
Generate a temporary basedir environment.
Evaluate filters.
Perform a related search on a vitem
Reserve a VLAN ID.
Notify all subscribers of a new translation of a unit.
Get fields from a table.
Return a boolean boolean and a string representing the virtual version of the GnuPG library.
Precision recall score test for f1 score.
Euclidean norm of x.
Cleanup temporary files.
Get a list of net connections.
Generate a schedule URL for a given week.
Generate a unique key for the given arguments.
Match a keyword expression in a column.
Returns the version string for the given gfirefly version.
Runs the sourceestimates test and plots the source estimates.
Register a listener for events.
Reload systemctl.
Get the geometry output for the given derivation.
Performs strict consensus on a list of trees.
Domain constructor.
Recursively extrude a gcode file.
Describe a DCC file.
Test whether the robert matrix is diagonal 2.
Re - rearrange a DataFrame by a column disk.
Authenticates to the Azure Login service.
Test if unicode is in filename.
Redirect to the specified endpoint or return the next redirect.
Verifies that the magnitude of the unit vector is equal to the magnitude of the unit vector.
Send an email to the SMTP server.
Get schema version.
Rejects a suggestion from a thread.
Check if two blocks are equivalent
Runs the correlation test on the given data generator.
cdlonneck a sequence of bards
Returns a set of unpassable types for the given argument.
Indent genbank information with indent.
Return a list of job IDs filtered by count.
Build a WSGI request.
Check if a given check exists.
Parse a header line and return a key - value pair.
Format a dictionary of state specifications into a string.
Check if a user has permission for a project.
Test replace_column_via_setitem_warnings_attributes.
Convert a dimension and hierarchy into a string.
Apply palette256 to an image.
Get collection summary by id.
Cluster a data set using feature clustering.
Run pip and assert that all non - existent options are listed in order.
Return True if doctest. testmod is True.
Asserts that hug. types. boolean is of the correct type.
Preserve whitespace in a string.
Factorize a list of iterables into a list of lists.
Generate the API URL from a web url.
Download files from S3.
Returns the width of the tile in the given coordinates.
Get the body of the VRF for the specified command.
Remove a tree from a directory.
Format a time difference between start and end.
Return the number of lines in strg at loc.
Load an object from a class path.
Returns a tuple of boolean boolean and str_.
Read a string with noescape pairs.
Migrate old objects labels to new ones.
Set the logger class to use.
Update a version number in a zipfile.
Rewrite the content of a file.
Return the newderivation of an element node.
Generates a Java test for the specified Java source.
Return a scipy. signal. sosfiltfilt
Encode a hex string.
Load a movie from a file.
Return a list of patterns that match the given prefix with the given args.
Return the index of the enum value with the given key.
Create a devicendarray from an array - like object.
Return the current health check time.
Calculate the size of an array.
NAME datafeeddemo. py
Check if new version is available.
Returns True if all elements in seq are equal False otherwise.
Returns True if the user allows a tag namespace for the specified namespace.
Run a shell command and return its output.
Get the last change date for an account policy.
Filter for no - thousand separators.
Check if the azure version is greater than or equal to the required azure version.
Print information about all registered plugins.
Get the mmap for the given array.
Run the module runner.
Parse the mime type and subtype from the mime_type.
Remove all cache files from a filesystem backend.
Apply a received command to the device.
Switch orientation of eventcollection.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the environment is virtual.
Generate a release completemstonet message.
Check to see if a policy exists.
Parse absolute filepaths from page.
Check that all config files have the same name.
Uploads a file to the cloud storage.
Set owner permissions for a resource.
Set the logging format for the server.
Grants access to shared folders to the specified users.
Returns True if label is a directory or a directory.
Shut down threads in data_source_thread.
Perform a HTTP query and return the response.
Frees all free CPUs.
Adds a notification driver to the list of drivers.
Return the relative path to the given path.
Setup test databases.
Displays a CSV view of the facility management page.
Initialize dataflash logger.
Start a stub service.
Use aio framework.
Find a substring matching pattern1 and pattern2.
Format a list of records into a string.
Extract events from keen.
Calculate the floor of a matrix.
Update a cygwin mirror.
Test that the column converters in the ascii file have the correct format.
Return a tuple of bool and str.
Appends a string to the end of a slash.
Get the size of the current file in bytes.
Create a default SSLContext object.
Delete one or more files.
Create a link module for the mpstate.
Validates that a user name is valid.
Set the base type of a type in the given dictionary.
Set an attribute to the specified value if it doesn t exist.
Get the image from the cloud
Deploy a git repository to the specified app.
Yield successive col - chunks from a list of lists.
Return default geoserver URLs.
Return the version number of the IPSet.
Format a datetime as a string.
Validate email address.
Handler for the cherrypy API.
Check if a VLAN exists.
Return a copy of the current environment.
Stop the touch app.
Replaces occurrences of pattern in value with replacement.
Test that the replay load template exists in the user config file.
Test that mockclient has the same data as raw_fif.
Represents the value for the project status.
Check if the bucket_name is a valid DNS name.
Initialize a cycle of colors.
Performs a sgd layer of the final training data.
Download a file from a URL.
Return a pg string for the given word and body.
Parse a directive and return the directory and args.
Remove locks that start with lck.
Decorator to check if the pool is insured.
Get vector3 by floatlist.
Test if a random point is within a given radius.
Generate a git line from a list of git items.
Format a number as a float.
Count the number of elements in an iterable.
Run a runner on all nodes.
Return a list of text lines from text.
Checks if a point on the given path is a point on the given point on the given point
Count the number of occurrences of a query in a database.
Import a set from a CSV stream.
Generator that yields gpi11fields from a handle.
Get possible name fields for a model.
Greedily partition counts into buckets and fill_levels.
List available JSONRPC commands
docstring wrapper for mb_search.
Runs the base_param function for the given data.
Returns a list of cpuset IDs that can be used to pin CPUs.
Edit a snippet.
Claims a worker for cleanup.
Convert a version string to a list of integers.
Find a rescue device for a given instance.
Returns the set of installed apps.
Remove NA values from a series.
Checks if the schedule is enabled.
Show the list of available interfaces.
Get information about the server.
Check if a file exists.
Plot a legend on the given axis.
Set the integer setting value to a string.
Load a git repository.
Print an alias to the console.
Create a failure object from a failure dictionary.
Calculate checksum of IP address.
Create a memoryview with the given size.
Generate a go test.
Simplify a variable coeff.
Return a host lease string.
Reset the git repository to the specified destination.
Calculates the contrastive loss.
Get the username and key for the saucelabs
Initialize a new formula and pillar.
Get self href from response body.
Check if filename matches any of the regular expressions in matchers.
Return a regular expression that replaces prefix with prefix.
Handle filterexpression or variable.
Get organization information from a dictionary.
Enable or disable remote login.
Check the password of a user.
Get the set of unused LUN IDs for the mappings.
Run yuicompressor on the input file.
Do a woeid search.
Contextmanager for creating a secret model.
Replaces the expression number in the expression p with the number in the expression p
Copy a template directory to a new location.
Validate that a string is a valid field in a graph.
Called when a future is completed.
Return a set of keyword arguments for a class.
Startdtmf packet.
Test for the fitness of a genome.
Get the registered registry.
copula - bv_ev.
Preload a module.
Translate a formula into a string.
Fixture for celery.
Checks if the given course_key is a small course.
Show a group package.
Initialize the modules.
Dump the schema of the adsorbate server.
Create a task to manage imported files.
Get the RSA public key for the given n and e.
Convert a list of lists to a numpy array.
Set the value of key in config. opts and config. _opts
Redirect to the alt page.
Get a list of subplotspecs from a list of axes.
Attach epics to a queryset.
Synchronously call zfs_error and write the error message to the specified logger.
Encode an integer into a bytearray.
Make a boolean from a string.
Get the name of the given principal.
Main entry point for the betterloader.
Unparse endpoint description.
Importseceditconfig function.
Set attributes of a queue.
Get the date of a node from a CCX node.
Get the path to the fundingals file.
Delete a virtual machine.
Render a field and a label.
Shuffle an array.
Test delete in generator.
Clear the cache.
Apply a change to a locale.
Splits null strings into a list of strings.
Execute a command and return the output.
Get the tree of all executed files.
Return a positive integer value.
Return bytes from input. bytes.
Runs test_jsonreport with no steps.
Get metrics from buddyinfo_file.
Mangle a mako loop.
Build the exp_freq_matrix from the expectedfrequencymatrix.
Resolve the content of a document to a toctree.
Return the absolute path to the data directory for the project.
Checks if there are any setupwizard panes visible in the shop.
Raise an error if the given name is not None.
Return the hadamard product of the given matrices.
Wait for a file to be written.
Update a comment.
Generate the headers for the response.
Rsync an IP address.
Prepares a list of nodes for a workflow.
Start a VZ container.
Lookup an instance by name.
Find the tcl_root and tk_version directories.
Setup a limitlessled platform.
Parse a row of data.
Get disk stats for a given folder.
Returns whether or not the exclude bracket is enabled or not.
I18n robot pull.
Retrieve a row of a resource.
Convert an element to a BSON object.
Run pytest. pytest. pytest. pytest. mark. parametrize with pytest. mark
Convert an ImagesServiceError to an ImagesServiceError.
Decorator to add abstract methods to a class.
Make or verify a directory in the core directory.
Get the precision of the XML element.
Remove empty lines from text.
Deletes the named service.
Update the channel value of a trigger.
Decodes the input dense_x and returns the decoded output.
Get a config value for a given key.
Get namespaces from apiserver.
Runs a Windows Analyze file given text using the given gcodetext.
Checks that a reference is valid.
Create a subtemplateelement that links the given parent element.
Create a new policy for a user.
IPython function 2.
Getcraftedtext from a text file.
Get the module name for the given filename.
Get documented in a docstring.
Run pip with user - columns flag.
Check if a loop is intersecting with a segment in a loop.
Return a random platform based on platform.
Detach a device from a zpool.
Set the channel value of a triggered channel.
Add a builddir to sys. path.
Create a storage container.
Cleanup determinism - hats.
List permissions for a vhost.
Return a random slice of a queryset.
Create a channel from a ctype wtype rtype.
Show an error message dialog with a message and caption
Check if a path exists in the environment.
Run plugins verify and verify.
Setup the platform for the gpsdsensor
Remux audio.
Return a copy of the error_dict with the same length as json_error.
Convert a glob to a regular expression.
Returns a list of team members for the specified team.
Install a configuration module.
Delete a field.
Remove version from href.
Unpack a code string.
Decorator to test fancyarrow dpi correlation.
Returns the linear recurrence of n linearly increasing linearly.
Test the pipeline of a csp.
Return True if a is close to b.
Return a list of fileitems for a given filename.
Update supported locales for a list of applications.
Get the options for thecap alert addresses.
Quit the main window.
Interpolate the cache slug from a string.
Test for get_repr.
Return the name of the file at the given path.
Index all the receivables in the account.
Yield lines that start with str_ and end with str_.
Return a versioneerconfig object.
Pause a project.
Run scavenge on a list of files.
Determine the disk image type for the given image meta.
Get a relationship from the template.
Return a link to the document.
Get the output filename for the given split name.
Insert a query into the database.
Redirect to the alt page.
Run the main loop.
Add a repeat command to tracklist.
Return the relative path to a_path relative to reference_path.
Calculate the distance between two triangles.
Delete all app tarballs in the specified location.
Update translations catalogs in proj_dir
Extract sign intpart fraction expo from a string.
Refresh the Brew database.
Return the precession matrix from from epoch to epoch.
Private function to evaluate a 2 - dimensional polynomial.
Test the double close of the pipeline.
Get the stored primary server name from the database.
PUT data to api_key
Create a grader based on the given configuration.
Run yum install.
Log an exception.
Configure the callback function that will be called when a marathon configuration is received.
Set the icon for the given filepath.
Redirect webengine data to a temporary directory.
Split a string into a list of local dictionaries.
Get the status of the group.
Fetch all datastore entities.
Returns a list of test hooks for the given test_files.
Looks up a ssh host configuration.
Generate a sequence of snippets from a test file.
Returns True if a and b are strings of the same type as b.
Get the order arguments for the request.
Setup bench backups.
Create an admin user.
Test that the step has a repr.
Iterate over multiple items in a multidict or dict.
Test for cx_oracle environment variable.
Setup and dispatch the client.
Return a list of dbtables for the schema.
Set the title of the media player.
Remove instance from sitepeople if instance is superuser
Check if the argument is greater than or equal to the ctype.
Decode a dictionary from a stream.
Parse the output of OpenSSH.
Create a filedigest for the given file.
Return a string representation of an attribute dictionary.
Login to learner profile.
Excludes all questions that are not part of an escalate discussion.
Greps the bot for the given input.
Register hug request middleware.
Returns true if the current thread policy and thread policy are different.
Deserialize objects from a stream or string.
Test for x_2d dimensionality.
Get all the volume types in a group.
Calculates the fitness of the given genome.
Opens a cover for an entity.
Reset the API key for the current user.
Register a language manager.
Render a gallery page.
Corrects the fdr correction using the FDR correction algorithm.
Return True if the minion is running in a gpg environment.
Get the details for a specific fort.
Getcraftedtext from text.
Download a dailymotion page.
Check if a string contains surrogates.
Format the output of the coredump command as a dictionary.
Add a local file to the API.
Get system release and version information from the command line.
Test that cartesian coordinates are the same as spherical coordinates.
Split mime_type into main_type sub_type.
Get environment products for a given url.
Monitor messages in Twilio REST client
Check if the user has access to the given course key.
Fixture for piptestscript.
Disable a server on haproxy
MAC interface.
Show all migrations that have changed since last run.
Create a sitelink feeditem.
Get os_release attribute.
Cleanup the destination directory for the given name.
Returns True if the given color is aground light color.
Get the user information for a given user.
Handles the type key subcommand.
Get channel index for channel ch_name.
Reads the evokeds file and crops them to the specified number of rows.
Run the main loop.
Deserializes a usagekey string into a Usagekey object.
Returns a dictionary of queries for all registered plugins.
Delete usergroups from the database.
Set the value of a key in a section.
Set the script prefix for the script.
Listens for a version event.
Get a list of configuration options.
Generate a project list file from the config repos.
updateresourcesfromdict.
Test that ascii. write works with fixedwidth formats.
Return a list of identity nodes in the graph.
Initialize a collection from an object.
Remove a package from the system.
Linux standby.
Get the block count URL string for a list of xblock types.
Return the logfactorial of x.
Try to guess the scheme of a URL.
Check if a lookup needs to be distinct.
Discover the children of the current process.
Return a list of packages that match the given names.
Leave a group.
Test that unit division by string.
twiny plot.
Wraps a function with a colored terminal.
Echo the uploaded files.
Return the last aggregation element in a list.
Make sample data.
Unlock an account.
Vote for a thread.
Import a document from the database.
Check if a packet is okay.
Launch an application.
Hashes a plaintext password.
Populate attributes dictionary with project information.
Generate an access token.
Get the output of a vtk object.
Register a filter that caches the children of the queryset.
Get the integer value of a video option.
Inspect a command to schedule all scheduled requests.
Test permutation_t_test.
Activate a user in the pending courses.
Parse a rule and return a list of rules.
Create a distribution with the specified name and version.
Test bleach. clean and bleach. linkify.
R squared error.
Find the absolute path to a config file.
Shortcut for django_reverse that returns a non - prefixed URL.
Delete a virtual interface.
Build a tag parameter list from a dictionary of tags.
Convert PEM certificate string to DER certificate string.
Set the locale for the given category.
Add a module to the cache.
Handler for task errors.
Format an elementcreate element.
Use the wxaccelerator.
Return a new DER set of the given DER objects.
Ping ponger.
Generate a random secret.
Sign a constant.
Clean up the database content.
Returns a list of CSS dependencies for a pipeline group.
Return a dict with the differences between two dicts.
Test whether the tensor is flat.
Compute the macdext of a dataset.
Delete all guardian object perms from guardian. models
Join a sequence of unicode strings into a single unicode string.
Reboot a virtual machine.
Deploys a Docker app if it can be deployed.
Computes the p - from - energy of a Fundamental function.
Apply apply_with_return_error with return_error.
Returns a truncated version of s truncated to width characters.
Generate metrics substitutions.
Validate the JSON representation of a node.
Assert that the output of the command output does not contain text.
Teardown the module if it exists.
Add a language dictionary to the code.
Make setuptools setup.
Push the status of an item to the data dictionary.
Test that the language isenglish by default.
Test that a random tree is a tree.
Given a dictionary of master_settings and a dictionary of master_settings extract the keys from the
Decorator for pytest hook implementation.
Write the output of the cleavegcode to the specified filename.
Returns a dictionary of messages for the given request.
Lockdown a desktop.
Start a threaded server.
Add a tenant to a flavor access.
Return an enumeration of the timezone names registered in the registry.
Embed an album into an album.
Returns a subsequence of n where n is the right - d threshold of m.
Convert a date string to a date number.
List all components in the system.
Display a deprecation warning.
Shift a script name and path_info by the given shift.
Locate a pattern in a database.
Generate a grant from a grant.
Compute variance of indicators.
Get the next device name from a list of device names.
test mininetcluster with mininetcluster
Returns a tuple of file format and data format codes for the given format and dtype.
Delete a user from the system.
Validate optdict against a named validator.
Convert a GeoJSON - like object to an integer.
Pretty print a message.
Find the top of the autotest tree.
Legacy string to test flags object.
Get the directory where feeds are stored.
Makes the packageng aware directory for the given jname
Generate a memcache key for a collection.
Exits the program if the console is enabled.
Save predictions to a file.
Return a string representation of the given datetime.
Decorator for lower_builtin.
Get the kerberos principal for a given hostname or IP address.
Convert an app label to a module.
Get the Windows directory.
Generate a course key for the given org and number.
Given a list of url templates and a platform_info dictionary return the url template that can be
Get information about an instance.
Tests the operator for parameter operators.
Decorator for pytest. fixture.
Check if a collection exists.
Runs a sklearn ica test and plots the scores.
Quote an etag string.
Splits fitnesses into best a best b and worst a.
Test that csv_ecsv_colnames_mismatch works.
Returns a tuple of the bbox information and the rotated flag.
Apply an optimizer to a and b.
Load a Fmadm file from a path.
Test add_contacts.
Get SAML provider by name.
Write backreferences to a file.
Check all issues in a list of issues.
Create a constant image with the given value.
Selects the specified read_fds from the specified list of read_fds and returns
Send a debug course management message to the user.
Help function for xonsh.
Encapsulte vdi from sr_ref.
Calls func with the given exception and asserts that msg is in the exception s value.
Convert castra to dask.
Returns True if the given circuit is a scalar nonsparse matrix.
Extract messages from a list of objects.
Ensure that the named service is disabled.
Recursively flattens a cell into a list of dtypes.
Get the public key for the given key.
Get a list of install server profiles.
Returns the absolute path to a test file.
Manage binaries.
Create a multiple choice XML document.
Get a versioned asset url for the given asset path.
Check if convert is installed.
Release a list of title descriptions from the library.
Squeeze the output into a single array.
Temporarily pin multidb. pinning to the master thread.
Given a record and a composite key return a tuple of the composite key.
Get all the snapshots associated with a project.
Prepare the cmd to be passed to subprocess. Popen.
Marks the program as bootstrapped.
Filters the given list of objects to mark as safe.
Get the w3af version as a dictionary.
Return the virtual name and version of the installed powershell
Load the parser result store from a package directory.
Get the number of groups in the specified group_by.
Get a translation unit from a source file.
Check if a cg_id or cgsnapshot_id exists in the source_c
Return True if the given begincomplex and endcomplex are inline.
Return True if the mtime of source is greater than the mtime of target.
Return a string representation of a list of tuples.
Resync webhook for a project.
Calculate the input length for convolution.
Returns the transparenttorification.
Identify names in code.
Cancel a draft.
Setup the platform for MQTT.
Apply a looplifting function to a function.
Modify reject packet based on lowlayercompatibility and highlayercompatibility presence.
Returns a sorted list of all mapping keys in a string.
The main entry point for orgunitaddressbook.
Returns True if the reloader is running.
Spellcheck a word.
Delete a stack.
Create a zeros - like object from a model.
Decrypts the given key using the given cypher.
Entry point for localansiblemodule.
Get a list from EmailMarketing provider.
Validate a resource.
Returns True if the user can skip the entrance exam and if the user passes the entrance ex
Decomposes a kernel into a boolean kernel and a list of patches.
Check that all of the components have the same kind.
Return True if value is not None or field. mode == str_.
Parse a vCard string and return a VCard object.
Register inclusion tag.
dlportwriteportuchar - > pportd4
Test that all the arguments in argv are split.
Filter a value by a string.
Delete a network interface.
Filters the registers and formats them as text.
Check if a process is running.
List users.
Destroy an instance.
Create a collection summary.
Step to confirm all alerts.
Ordinal register filter.
Updates a quota usage resource.
Return the current language BIDI node for the current language.
Create a document editor group if it doesn t exist.
Test the discarding of input.
multimatvect multiplication.
Create a list of SLS files for the specified format.
Change the MAC address of the old mac.
Quote a string.
Get the latest status of an episode.
Return a tuple of object_type privileges and _privs.
Compile the source code into a Python code object.
Validates that the given amount of minutes is a valid sleep value.
Backward patching of sys. modules.
Get configuration variables.
Return a tuple of boolean and the virtual name of the minion.
Get user information for an access key and secret key
Install pyui.
Appends a slash to the redirect path.
Find all modules in a folder.
Remove the specified mode from the system.
Check if a string is a shorthand IP address.
Get the image from the cloud
Normalize source and return the normalized source.
Entry point for the command line interface.
Create a vmdk attach config spec.
Reset syslog configuration parameters.
Read a record from a file handle.
Format an alert message.
Get the size of a file.
Add a new limit to the cache.
Maximal max function.
Get profile image storage.
Get the hash of a file.
Update the index of a source unit.
Deactivate a list of packages.
Demonstrate clustering.
Upgrade a salt environment.
Get the value of a request.
Update supported locales for a single app.
Convert an asyncio future to a Tornado future.
Returns the subsector of the S3 REST controller.
Remove logging_null_handler from root logger.
Prepare the input source for reading.
Scale a matrix to a normalized version of x.
Register canonicalize.
Power on the server.
Backup configuration to JSON.
Get a list of all files in the specified directory.
Get the uid for the specified user.
Runs a test suite of tests in the current directory.
Prompts the user to ask for a repository directory and deletes it.
Verify that the user has unlink identity.
Registers a function that returns a locale URL for the given URL.
Build an upgrade request from a websocket url.
Return the uid of nobody.
Parse a block of code lines into a string.
Create an int64 feature.
Test for equality of lists and lists.
Get the description of a track.
Create a textfile with the given filename and encoding.
Assert that vispy modules have been imported.
Return a tuple of error classes for the connection and channel errors.
Get one model info by nupicmodelid.
Get a mask of the given sequences.
Given a list of shapes return a tuple of rows and columns.
Join a list of parts into a full path.
Split a list of objects by a predicate.
Run f on stdin and stdout and return x.
Test whether the file is a file.
Categorical log - pmf for a given number of logits.
Run skype and return stdout and stderr.
Return a string representation of a Python expression.
Make a url with the given kwargs.
Return a normalized version of a locale name.
Partitions the given iterator by the given part.
Contextmanager that creates a temporary temporary style file and reloads it.
Convert a vni to a binary type.
View robots page.
Get the value of a metric.
Create a quick karaban board document.
List all available repositories.
Set http headers.
Given a mime type and parsed media ranges return the fitness and quality of the media.
Test for the validity of the form.
Bootstrap resolver.
Decode feedback from binary_tuples.
List all the keypairs in the cloud
Check if there is a key in the line that is not noqa.
Put an item into the cache_entry dictionary.
Yields all diffsets that have comments for the given review.
Create a new DER - bit string from a binary string.
Render markdown with conditional.
Extracts a scalar constant value from a scalar or shared variable.
Remove a post hook.
View a container in a storage account.
Returns status_running status_code and list of urls.
Render a price property.
Test for make_sphere_model.
Get the image volume cache for the specified volume.
Get a security group.
Register auth name.
Create the test cache folder if it doesn t exist.
Uninstalls the flocker for the given nodes.
Add sync methods to a class.
Convert a hue saturation and value to a color in equal space.
Returns a tuple of bool_ and str_ depending on whether or not the virtualenv is installed
Renders the power of the given children.
Scan all the files in the output folder and return the output and the input files.
Returns the path to the name of the specified profile.
Get the URLs proxy for the user.
Restart a service.
Convert indices to a CSV string.
Delete a file.
Prints a number of bytes to a human readable string.
Refreshes the database.
Safely update the last login date.
Create a prefix from a pattern.
Test that no build directory exists.
Add a seekcur command to playback.
Returns a base64 - encoded string representation of the settings.
Print a list of strings.
Create an xml test runner for the given test package.
json_encode_np - encode a numpy object
Count the number of elements in n1 and w2.
Execute a command and return the result.
Start a threaded reactor.
Get serial number from file.
Push a c_instance onto the stack.
Return a thread - safe HTTP response.
Given a dictionary of targets and a dictionary of targets and a dictionary of toolset - > tool
Get a style value from an element node.
Generate random usernames.
Linear registries linear registries.
Clear the volume for the specified path.
Test that the new integer is the same as the old one.
Get the platform string for the current platform.
Update the conn_info dictionary with the connection info.
Test that the arg_of_sigmoid is bad.
Make a TOTP from a secret.
Encode a value as a JSON string.
Oned norm 2.
Unpack a Python source into a Python object.
Return True if line ends with CR.
List services.
Check if the given address is a valid CIDR address.
Load the contents of a pickle file.
Returns the module name of the given fullname.
Destroys a block device mapping.
Get the perfdata for the specified counter.
List all certificates in a certificatestore.
Initialize a failure code.
Get the auth url for the current user.
Attempts to ask a user to answer.
Split an address into localpart and domain parts.
Convert a native value to a native Python value.
Get a user by username.
Upload the previous version of the document to doc_root.
Returns True if x is an even number.
Format a job instance and return it as a dict.
Get arounds from a path.
Computes the LOT score for a given set of classifications.
Get the loose version of moto.
Create long description and write to rst_description_path
Handle file upload.
Inject field overrides into the field data.
Check that the expected and expected fields are not in the expected list.
Get all reservations associated with a project.
Yield testtargets from the given path.
Return a string representation of the given text.
Get the minus sign symbol for locale.
Compare the configuration with the current configuration.
Routes a PUT request.
Includes inline editing if inline editing is enabled.
Return a human - friendly name for the given name.
Exponentialize a keystring using the given algorithm.
Return True if line is a part of multiline.
Unpack an ASSF image from a byte string.
Create a nzb string from a list of file elements.
Set the signal handlers for the given dictionary.
Put multiple entities asynchronously.
Records a breadcrumb.
Plotly plot.
Return the age of the log buffer.
Writes the content of an XML file to the specified path if it has changed.
Render constants. pyx and ifndefs.
Create a directory with parent directories.
Get a mediatrack from a mediamd.
Get the value of an element node as a string.
Get the IP address of an interface.
Split a string into a list of LaTeX strings.
Saves the current session.
Safely import the module at the specified path.
Get the current journal.
Rename oldname to newname if it doesn t exist.
Returns True if the current installation time is in a race period.
Fixup the names of all enums in the given object.
Apply a function to each element of expr and return the result.
Load a command class from a module and name.
Post a message to mattermost.
Convert a color to a QColor object.
Prints all the categories in the specified parent category.
Get the version of a dataset.
Return default ret dict.
Escapes a byte string.
Get the f option from a list of options.
Authenticate to WNS and return an access token.
Create a header checker for the given caplog and stubs.
Returns True if matrix0 and matrix1 are the same transform.
Test for parameterization of read_tab.
This function tests the status of scenarios in the current directory to see if they are in the
Validator for bufsize_validator.
Create a default map of signal names to target names.
Get a slice of the time series between tmin and tmax.
Get the best match for the given cp.
Get an event manager for a media list.
Return an itemgetter function for a tuple of items.
Get the local and observed rvs for the given minibatch tensors.
Convert a time object to a datetime object.
Return a list of rospack plugins for a given package.
Returns a set of dtype kinds for the given list of numpy arrays.
Send a command to the console.
Command line interface for updating translations.
Add configuration to msvs.
Means the mean of all classes in x and y.
Check if the user has permission to trigger a rule trigger.
Returns a boolean and a message if the virtual version is not installed.
Release the lock.
Create an IKEPolicy.
Test that the arguments are valid.
Print one training vector.
Interpret the syslog of an EMR step.
Reloads the django urlconf from settings. root_urlconf.
Run a shell job.
Get all indexes in a table.
Create a new frappe translation.
Returns a list of MAC addresses for the given domain.
Set the nipy spectral map.
Given a mime type and a parsed media range return the fitness and quality of a media range.
Connect to cloud networks.
Find all prototypes in the code.
Get metrics from the server.
Add a traceback to the debug option.
Compute the correlation between two frames.
Check if the given line number is an outofline methoddefinition.
Generate noise and zf.
Formats a list of stack output dictionaries.
Convert a cell to a row and column tuple.
Test whether multiple inheritance is required.
Write the head position to a file.
Get the latest records for a given list.
Get the flavor of the PasteDeploy deployment.
Return a tuple of boolean boolean and str representing the virtual environment.
Auto - identify a series based on the number of episodes identified by the series id.
Returns the target of the comment form.
Shared login method.
Factory for creating actionforms for export actions.
Convert inverse operator dict to info dict.
Check if there is a key in the logical line.
Make a query based on a sample filter.
Generate a random job prefix.
Exposes the about template.
Handler for handling POST requests.
Get the contents of a file or open a gzipped file.
Attempts to match a hostname in a certificate.
Render a list of sitemaps.
Create a layer from layer and source configuration.
Get proxies from environment variables.
Get the most recent incomplete item for a user.
Test the precision of a plaintext formatter.
install the komodo editor
Check if the directory exists in the given directory.
Return a boolean boolean and str representing the virtualenv.
Pause an animation.
Route a str_ route to the twiml service.
Migrate node facts.
Remove a device from a minor number.
Returns a generator of all the radiative passage logs for the given root node.
Open a resource file and return the reference to it.
Check if the class has any of the given labels.
Fix indentation in text.
Render a genshi template using a template string.
Get a benchmark cluster based on options.
Return a dict of contract creation exceptions.
Ensures that the specified option is present in the specified value.
Create a variable with weight decay.
Compute the gradient sum of the gradients x y z.
Run tests if the main module is the main module.
Delete a comment.
Normalize paths in a string.
Test that the colormap is normalized correctly.
Return the md5sum of a file.
Return True if s is printable False otherwise.
Check if the user and group match.
Ensures a social link is not already in the given website.
Revert a document to a specific revision.
Wait for a winrm session to be available.
Updates the text of a StimulusStim instance
Check dynamic flow information.
Shows a page in the web browser.
Remove files from a queue.
Create a context dictionary from a sample.
Register a tag that renders all navigationbar hooks.
Check if the given domain is valid.
Get the body of a CLI response.
Delete a contact type.
Returns a set of missing permissions for the given user.
Sends an email using the specified template.
List all available mac addresses.
Finds the first node that is selected from the given list of nodes.
Creates a new instance with the specified classname and namespace.
Freeze login details.
Implementation of edmonds_karp_core.
Returns True if the request has the best match in the accept_mimetypes dictionary.
Test that the types of the tables in the daophot file are correct.
Set the start and end attributes of an element node to the specified range.
Send an email to multiple recipients.
Return a list of unique elements in a sequence.
Get the current date time.
Read the page header from a file - like object.
Parse a requirements file and yield requirements.
Compute the WCS signature for the given key and challenge.
Get the normal vector of the given path.
Normalize a timestamp.
Get all the volume types in a group.
Return the write index for the specified group.
Set the cache directory.
Check if a path is a file.
Submits a bulk course email.
Normalize angle.
Get the size of a store from the backend.
Tries to write the string s to the specified fileobj. If the fileobj is not
Send rating to API.
Reload syslog_ng_ctl binary.
Test register_filter.
Convert a DNS name to an IP address.
Create a 1s - likelihood tensor.
Check if there are no vi headers.
Dedent a list of lines by dedenting them.
Generate a random string of length length from chars.
Break down a cookie.
Get the indentation level of the given line.
Obfuscate volumeds from ds1 to volumeds.
Expand a load balancer into a dictionary.
Check integrity of sqlmap file.
Strip quotes from newsgroup lines.
Convert a tuple of RGB values to HSV.
Get the version of the Windows operating system.
Convert a string to a numpy array.
Sample the overlaps of the roidb.
Create a DC from a POST data structure.
Make a name for the given package and module.
Ensure that the named LV is absent.
Checkout cancellation handler.
Suppress warnings for startkeeping errors.
Yield records from a file handle.
Returns True if the current Python version is Python 3.
Return the md5 hash of a file.
Checks if the given address is a valid hidden service address.
Get a Twitter notification service.
Runs the script usage tests for the given test data directory.
Get metadata for an ami instance.
refer to a pattern in the request headers
Get crafted text from text archive.
Disables the named service.
Get stroke radius by prefix.
Calculate system information type 8.
Suggest a semantic version for a string.
Returns a list of parameter tuples for each layer in layer_list.
Returns the number of versions in pkg1 that differ from pkg2.
Create a new agent.
Return a slice of iterable with the newest count items from iterable.
Split a path into parts.
Test that randomize_corrmat is correct.
Check that the given attribute name is a reserved word.
Save a certificate to the master if it doesn t already exist.
Squeeze input to 2x2.
Finish the endrec dictionary from the 64 - bit stringendcentdir64.
Create a toplevel widget.
Save all global repository dialogs.
Create a shell command.
Check if a file exists and print it if not print a string.
Round x to the nearest integer.
Wait for prior running states to be running.
Get the content view for the given content.
Get the path to the configuration H file.
Add a like object to the project.
Register inclusion tag for unlimited arguments.
Load a single cron from a YAML file.
Copy options from src to dest in config_dir.
Update a resource.
Run api1 api tests.
Return True iff c is a ground c.
List all Launch Configurations.
Get the current zone.
Normalizes a form and returns a dictionary of attr - value pairs.
Check if a field is conservative.
Matches the needed options for the given fs_type.
Home the community.
Generate an identifier method for the given key.
Generate a random sequence of letters.
Get the path to the profiler log file.
Upload a file to S3.
Return a tuple of bool and str.
Return the antidivisor count of a number.
The main entry point for the webserver flow tool.
Make a uniform pmf.
Update the dns records for an ELB.
Convert a plural rule to gettext.
Setup module.
Build a network consisting of a cyclic network.
Return the number of metastrings in a string.
Set the current locale to the specified string.
Return a list of all cluster names.
Returns the path to the file for the given job.
Remove nonblocking from a pipe.
Create fast start scripts for the given interpreter.
Listen for a server description.
Convert datetime to UTC.
Wait for a quorum of db_nodes to be ready.
Try to decode a byte string.
Store an object in memcached.
Normalizes the given text by removing whitespace from the beginning of each line.
Return the base signup form class.
Select routes based on environment and routes.
Restart a machine.
Get the base path from a URL.
Append a host to a pool.
Get a single flow.
Parses a Jinja2 string and renders it with the given parameters.
Returns True if the console window is attached to the console window.
Get the default namespace.
Write a list of macs to the specified destination port.
Show lowstate information.
Get a node by nodeid.
Create a user.
Check if the repo has conflicts.
Validates that an att_in_label element is not in the label.
Return a dict of promoted strings.
Auxiliary function for idzr_aidi.
Check if an element is a bound element.
Renders the given args and kwargs to an HTTP response object.
Bump the cache for the given product.
Create a mock key provider for the given key list.
Map library datasets to lddas.
Return the version of the systemd version.
Copy lines from a string to a journal.
Run texttest runner.
Helper function to warn about missing microversion header.
Calculates the median grouped by num.
Create a raster from a raster file.
Get a fixed IP address by its network and host.
Parse a string into a list of properties.
Setup roles for canned methods.
Decode a base64 - encoded string.
Sigma estimation of kps for a set of resids.
Consume a queue until it is empty.
Return the length of each item in items.
Read a header from a file.
Create a versioned base for a plugin and version.
Return a geonode version string.
Run stratified validation k - fold test.
Saves the uploaded data to a file.
Get the most recent messages for the given exp_id.
Returns the mapper for the given entity or None if the entity is not an entity.
Return a human - readable string of the given size.
Get clipboard content.
Sort allowed_list by protocol.
Get the name of the current resource.
Create a list of subtasks for the given QuerySet.
Check if flag is allowed to accept keywords.
Assert that the given html is invalid.
Parse a timestamp value.
Convert a text string to a dictionary.
Get the contents of a blob.
Parse a quoted string.
Handles a signalhandler. item_deleted signal
Destroy a device.
Get the domain of the computer that is partofdomain.
Compute the softmax of a matrix.
Delete a sysv service.
Analyze sentiment text and print sentiment score.
Get the status of a MySQL database.
Compute the variance of a varma.
Sample memory.
Apply a function to x using a random selector.
Get the hashprocessor for the given kexalgorithm.
Default feedback url.
Match an ellipsis marker with an ellipsis marker.
Get the local resource URL for a block.
Generate HTML report from results_dir.
Linux brdel.
Returns the formatted wwn string.
Return a binary string representation of the given data.
Write contents to a file.
Return the trace of x.
Finds the file metadata for a given path in the given metadata.
Get pyzmq version information.
Cleans the headers and returns a dict with the headers as keys and values as values
Check if the result of the function is the same as num_.
Redirect to the specified URL.
Cleans the name of the given string.
Build pillar data.
Print a tensor.
Find an unused port.
Finds the content of the view with the given file name.
Given a list of modules and a list of modules define all the plugins in the specified groups.
Register a new fczm driver.
Ensures that the security group is the default security group.
Set the nonblocking flag of a file descriptor.
Check if the cache can be used for the given products.
Clear rcparams and update rcparamsdefault.
Test the correctness of float32.
Returns true if the xmlelement should be reversed.
Change the UID of a method.
Cluster position controller.
Escape a unicode string.
This function is called when the completion view is changed.
Main entry point for bash - completion.
Get signature from signature_data.
Return the system path for the given dev.
Run an apiserver task.
Make an environment key for the given app_name and key.
Check if content experiments are enabled for the given course.
Wait for an IO event to be read.
Update a file alias.
Write a named matrix to a FIFF file.
P_unary_expression_4.
Initialize the cli.
Convert a string value to an integer.
Run the texttest runner.
Create a usage key from a usage key string.
Get the texlive path for a variable.
Assert that the key is missing in context.
Delete a location.
Enable a server.
Parse a template file and return a string.
Find required characters within a block range.
Handles reply published messages.
Download setuptools.
Configure the contact contact community and chassis.
Contextmanager that temporarily change the current working directory.
Get the rights of an activity.
Return True if the expression s is a function call.
Add a sphere to the mesh.
Temporarily change the current user.
Convert a minolta value to a float.
Yields num_ from foo until num_ is reached.
Setup the module.
Return a dict with the latest version of one or more names.
Check if an IP address is a valid IP filter.
Returns True if the cassandra cluster is primed False otherwise.
List all available extensions.
Return the id type for the given id type.
Get the node number for netbios.
Checks if the given value is a valid extension type.
Test that the module scope is updated on patch.
Fit the clustercentroids to a sample by half.
mytakestep2 - mytakestep2
Parses a string into an integer and the number of ms.
Create a form for the given list of fields.
Manage OSF tests.
Get credential by credential name.
Save a state set of states to a UOW transaction.
Set the hostname of the daemon.
Calculate the winner meta based on the bases.
Print the fsspec of a file.
Reopen the log files for the first signal.
Make a JSON RPC call to the specified endpoint.
Require context to be admin or user.
Ensures that arr is of type str_ or str_.
Normalize the arguments of a sequence.
Sample the instancehardnessthreshold from the estimator using the instancehardnessthreshold function.
Wrap an SSL socket.
Check if youtube is available.
Validate a cum function with a skipna parameter.
Compile a dfn into a python directory.
Duplicate a dictionary from a dictionary.
Update jenkins job configuration.
Compute theano norm of w.
Remove a key from the cache.
Invoked after the scenario is finished.
Encode hex string to base32.
Returns a message for the success of a rating.
Remove special characters from a string.
Calculates the incoming rate for the given exchange rate.
Send an event publish email.
Hook called before a new template is created.
Change torrent_dir to str_ if it doesn t exist.
Returns a list of simplified pairs of terms.
Add a discussion to the page.
Read a FASTA record from a file.
Tensorflow inference network.
Get the tricomplextimesother of firsttricomplex and othertricomplex.
Test for get_filter.
Test that write works with fixed width twoline without bookend.
Filter the admin URLname of a comment.
Convert a dict of keyword arguments to a tuple of parent and node.
View function for my_watchlist view.
Reset the worker optimizations.
Encode an old - kafka payload.
Read pillar data from the specified url and return as a dict.
Create a virtualenv in the specified directory.
Get the configuration file.
Command line interface for lixian.
Get the format for the specified format type.
Routes a string_ to be routed to the HTTP server.
Check if hook_file is valid for hook_name.
Add labels to a host.
describe a p4 change
Print a string to standard output.
Run a shell command and return the result.
Inverse of x.
Generic 2 - dimensional zstat function.
Get the error code for the EGL kernel.
Log an error message.
Group members.
Get a list of options for the license register.
Return True if debug mode is enabled.
Form the initial document form.
Return a list of errors that occur in the running state.
Flips the loop and reverses the loop.
Sorts a list of markers by marker comparator.
Get a list of all policy names for a group.
Count the number of elements in a sequence.
Get the configuration spec for a VM boot device.
Ensure that the path is relative to the current working directory.
Test that multiline starts with a multiline.
Openwindow wrapper for openwindow.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the perspective is connected or not.
Create a ssh builder from a dictionary.
Toggles the projection of the parameters.
Generate a signed JWT.
Shortcut for _mismatch.
Get the normalweighted distance from begin to end.
Get the localzone name.
Set a set of booleans in a dictionary.
Suggest a specific trigger.
A wrapper around expose_api that exposes an anonymous API.
Check if the given logical line is a valid I18N module.
Match multiple controls with a regular expression.
Return a dictionary of enabled service owner names.
Delete namespace content.
Returns a slugified version of the value.
Test join inplace.
Create a WSGI resource.
Returns True if the key is safe and the value is a safe type.
Run refreshrepo on a module.
Set the audio channel.
Get stats from cluster.
Return a string of information about an object.
Fetch a key from the cache.
Return a list of pages to show.
Check the database for consistency.
Download setuptools from distutils.
Checks if the given MAC address is valid.
Given a container and a list of names return a list of folders that have the most common folders
Chops how_much into seq.
Recover all the workers in the specified lbn.
Shift a function f by n.
Computes the train and devx for the given input x y z.
Test that the input estimator has changed.
Trunk8 wrapper for s3trunk8.
Union test by character bruteforce.
Handles the account password page.
True if any of the elements in the sequence is True.
Import vispy modules from vispy. gloo.
Create a generic inline formset for the given model.
Convert bytes to long.
Send a notification of a new string translation.
Return a page message.
Generate anchors for a given base size ratio and scales.
Dispatch a call to a method.
Fixture for the environment.
Update an enrollment for a course.
Install one or more packages.
Run the task.
Test virtualenv version.
Processes a dictionary of bc_freqs and returns a sorted list of sorted bcs.
Subscribe to a user s creator.
Check for duplicates in the module.
Return a dictionary of channel indices corresponding to the type of the channel.
Builds a room from x and y.
Check if a service is upstart or upstart.
Shutdown a slug_candidate.
Returns the name of the currency for the given locale.
Return True if xblock is a unit.
Serializes a remote exception to JSON.
Make a bad request.
Sends an email to the registered user.
Check if a user exists in the appscale server.
Generate a docstring for the given ret dict.
Initialize the hilmodule module.
Get the lower and upper bounds of a slice struct.
Get infos from HTTP client authorization.
Create an exog from an array of arrays.
Return a string that is the old password for MySQL.
Uninstalls the cache.
Test that all the contents of a file have multiple reads.
Add short links to a list of documents.
Convert an integer to a base36 string.
Given a list of campaign operations build a list of criterion operations for each campaign operation.
Return a list of valid locales.
Test for interpolation.
Create a folder structure for a given depth and sibling.
Check if any of the callback functions match the url.
Create a collection from a database.
Get a list of API servers.
Main entry point for fix_code.
Check if the user can view reports for this project.
Convert an object to a list.
Returns a copy of the current collator that is a case - insensitive collator.
Find the adapter for ob in registry.
Yields the values of a key in a nested dictionary.
Deletes a file from the storage.
Assert that a and b are equal.
Quantiles data according to quantiles.
Manages the rate limits for a task.
Encodes the input file to the output file.
Compute the QR factorization of an array.
Make a aware datetime object.
Disable profiling.
Calculate the authorstamp for the current deployment.
Safely decode text.
Return the executable string for the current command line.
assess the presence of multiple types in a message.
Create a multiindicator array.
Get a dictionary of all titles and their values.
Returns True if the user has the specified permission and False otherwise.
Pre - execute hook.
Translate an offset into a numpy array.
Create a new tenant.
Contextmanager that collects profiling stats from a file.
Show baremetal node information.
Convert a Python object to a reference string.
Massage a stats dict into a dictionary.
Convert a JSON value to a byte string.
Returns a list of all gitignore templates in the current directory.
Get disabled services.
Calculate the HMAC for the given request method path expires and key.
Read images from disk.
Remove packages from pkg_list.
Decode a FVW from bytes.
Set the intersection of two sets.
Check if the given username and password match.
Retrieves a security group.
Test that the preprocessor expression is the same as the preprocessor expression.
Return a documentation string for works by iswc.
Get the little endian unsigned longgivenfile from the given file.
Runs a script at the specified path.
Compress data with frappe.
Resolve a style property.
Invert the tree of a tree.
Get the wrapped float value.
Wait for a file to be written.
List all users in Kstone.
Returns the name of the signal associated with signum.
Getcraftedtext from text.
Check the status of an import.
Create a new position for the given latitude and longitude.
Get the subtype of the given type_high.
Test that lex mangling bangs are valid.
Get the global context for a nav and config.
Blink a clip by d_on and d_off.
Wrapper for sndrcvflood.
Yields the number and str_ for the specified logical line if the logical line starts with
Find the cover page for a container.
Interpret a marker and interpret it.
Get a cache subnet group.
Parses a docstring and returns a dictionary of style values.
Main entry point for the command line interface.
test monitor getgammagrid and setgamma
Check the result of gl_viewport.
Get all filesystems and globs for the given datetime_to_re and datetime_to
Send a message to the specified user.
Root mean square error for root mean square error.
Renders the current environment and returns the response.
Remove a boot volume from a datacenter.
Returns a list of commands for the changes posid.
Locate text using the Geocode API.
Get the networkid for a given vm.
Yields all the integration targets in the current directory.
Convert a number to a binary string.
Load the dev key from the config.
Assert that x follows unicode guidelines.
Generator that yields rslices from n.
Check if a line is a junk line.
Resize a video.
Convert phone number to numeric number.
Returns a list of prime numbers for the given number.
Given a list of fields return a dict of duplicate indices.
Ensure that iface_type is str_ or str_
Down the application folder.
Return the anonymous id for the given user.
Verify all the public Sphinx modules in the given build_root.
Check if a callback is an api view.
Cache the current style of the lru cache.
Check if a sheet exists.
Create a lower - bound record of the given type.
List users in the specified profile.
Load a configuration file and return a dictionary of calendars.
Create a connectnettoms message.
Reconstruct a path from the current state to the current state.
Refresh all facts.
Get information about a group.
Return a list of data rows from the test cell.
Fit sample with indices.
Edit a folder.
Ensure a service is absent.
Search for a person.
Download appstats from Google Cloud Storage.
Main entry point for the SNMP interface.
Abort a list of messages.
Remove a user from a group.
Get a list of test names that start with str_.
Changes a JSON subscription property in a stream.
Returns True if the group has group snapshot filter False otherwise.
Fixture for etree. to_etree
Create a new dd_object from a numpy array.
Convert a number of bytes to a string.
Open a local file or a local file.
Return True if obj is null.
Check if a year is a valid ISO8601 year.
Check if a user exists.
Compute the Euclidean distance between two vectors.
p_expr_list_2 returns a list of tuples
Equality operator for list_ objects.
Resolve a name to an IP address.
Get the MED price for a list of bards.
Print an error message to the console.
Logistic logistic function.
Generate faux MIME message.
Delete a pool member.
Run the dump_stop_level test.
Convert a module to a python module.
Hydrator for sources.
Add a request suffix to a string.
Make a CDF from a Pmf.
Remove slashes from a string.
Return the lambda sum of the largest element of x.
Reads a file and returns the contents of it.
Temporarily replace URL patterns in sys. modules.
Send syslog to the specified server.
Auto delete files for object.
The campaign controller.
Create a devicerecord from a record - like object.
Return a dict of things with sr_id as keys and srs as values.
Return a media discovery event manager.
Receiver for course published signal.
Iterate over a line generator.
Return a list of all the passwd changes for the current user.
Load a template tag.
Add extra ip attributes to mod_attr.
Return the description of an object from a docstring.
Store user s friends.
Empty a cupy. ndarray or cupy. ndarray.
Raise resourcedenied if resource is not enabled.
Run pip and assert that the path to the egg folder exists in the site_packages directory.
Send a command to the specified lbn and profile.
Create a multipart form from a multipart body.
Test that the bad_igw_desribe error is raised.
Return the magnitude of x.
Leave transaction management.
Concatenate a list of tensors along a given axis.
Return the norm of x along the given axis.
Unpack a bool from a file descriptor.
Escapes a string and returns it.
Convert raw tolux.
Register a callback for a resource type.
Check if a user has permission for some org.
Returns a list of p_specifier_qualifiers.
Create a nested dictionary from a path.
Configure the FBTHRIFT library configuration.
Read locs_montage_fname and test that locs_montage_f
Save state to pickle file.
Get all volumes in a generic group.
Find the unit pattern that ends with the given unit_id.
Copy files from in_files to out_files.
Expand a type string into a list of type names.
Find the path to the pylintrc file.
Define a role for a pe_id.
Calculate application information.
Return a boolean and a string representing whether or not the system is virtual.
Test that the reconstruction mask is equal to the mask.
Auto register public key server.
Mask sensitive data.
Perform a query against the cloud provider.
Evaluate a scientific command in the current working directory.
Returns a list of filepaths in dire.
Convert an upper bound matrix to a lower bound matrix.
Generate a TOTP passcode for the given secret.
Write data to a pickle file.
Invalidates the invalidations file for the given suffix.
Add a representer to dumper.
DEPRECATED - use _patch_object
Decorator to wrap a tasklet function into a transactional decorator.
NAME pip_bin. py
Create a Flask application.
Redirect to the domain page.
Connect to machinelearning layer1.
Draws the horizontal map of the current image.
Get the site dictionary for the specified app.
Get headers from the WSGI environment.
Process a worker thread.
Convert an etree element to a topic object.
Sync plnt. sync.
Add an error to the list of saved errors
Check if an item is in the course tree.
Raise valueerror if fscale is not a string.
Recursive version of _iterate_second.
Return HTML for a directorybrowser.
Get the encoder for the given encoding.
Show the figure manager window.
Add positives to a set of triangles.
Copy extra files from config to outdir.
Returns a list of scheme and netloc for the Rrd server.
Resets the default settings to the default settings.
Escape an RFC822 header string.
Checks if the given address is an IPv6 address.
Set the minimum and maximum bounds of the image.
Get all related models of a given model recursively.
Create a verifier for the given signature and public key.
Return the global date format for the given date.
Load a module from a file.
Configure org site staff configuration.
Safely kill a process and signal.
Get the prog for the current user.
Switches a host to a new endpoint with the specified parameter.
Update the root organisation of an organisation.
List all nodes in the cloud
Initialize webengine or webkit depending on backend
Remove all scratch images and texts from the scratch image.
Simplify a Pauli operator.
Return the size of the database in bytes.
Remove an ASAM platform from the ASAM server.
Encodes a message that doesn t match the given object hash.
Parse an iscsiname rule.
View the root nodes of a node.
Returns the instance of the meth_class_inst method of the given object.
Delete a node from the grains
Returns True if e is an ssl. error or False otherwise.
Register a local optimizer for filteracts.
Redirect to the root site.
Say hello.
Returns a summary of the difference between model1 and model2.
Entry point for twisted. python. dist. setup
List all files in a local directory.
Return cached user timezone locale preferences.
Linear gradient of linear gradient.
Calculates the boundaries of x.
Load a language from the environment.
Return the name of the virtualenv.
Computes the idzp_id of a given matrix.
Register a Bootstrap form tag.
Add sources to the result list.
Get the session id for a given username and password.
Returns True if the user is a prereg admin.
Update the server info file for the given repository.
Initialize a gashelimodule.
Entry point for the command line interface.
Get all volumes in a group.
Freeze a state.
Marks the given string as an escapedata or a promise as allowing the given string to be
Run misc test.
Get the console output of a server.
Generates a histogram from a qual file.
Generate a random UUID.
List all items in a queue.
Display a list of resources.
Generate a signed JWT.
Get the complete configuration file for a given atom.
Inner loop of covar_mstep_tied.
Destroys the specified consistency group.
Decrypt the encrypted keyfile using the credentials.
Split code and text blocks into code and text blocks.
Find all actions that start with action_prefix in namespace.
Returns the first value in the list or None if there is no value.
Get a freesmsnotificationservice.
Move old_file_name to new_file_name. If old_file_name
Draw a linecollection from x to y using colors.
Returns the rank of the rulingseparationwidthmillimeters in the given screenordinate.
Process the content pack directory.
Blend channels with hard light.
Process a MTree object and split it on components.
Get the current display timezone.
Convert the status of a volume to EC2 attach status
Load extra data from backend.
Searches for a mailbox in the specified mboxes and adds a callback to examine the
Determine if a variable is set by the CLI.
Download CIFAR10 dataset and return train and test labels.
Test that scipy. oss. fit_sample works with a wrong object.
Create a new figuremanager for the given figure.
Return a url for the given path.
Setup django apps and populate installed apps
Decorator to add a keyword to a method signature.
Handles assignment of a lead.
Get a queryset for the given class.
Apply softmax to a matrix.
Replaces str_ with str_ with str_.
Get a colormap with the specified name andlut.
Run a command and return its return code and output.
Changes the number of files in a table to integers.
Check if a lun_id is available on a host.
Get a list of jobs filtered by filter_data.
Return the value of a config key.
Register a fletcher16 checksum command.
Merge cnfs into a single dictionary.
Export course to tar. gz.
Return the alpha shard of a word.
Extractwant line capabilities from text.
Randomly permute the rows of an array.
Remove identity from x.
Get a list of change ids for a user and site.
Returns the number of stacklevel imports for the given import hook.
Delete alerts.
Set the number of facts to be unset if unset.
Create a loopback control client.
Check if nibabel has a nibabel attribute.
Returns a list of 3 - dimensional normal vectors for the given portiondirection.
Notifies the user that a member of a list was removed.
Called when a course is published
View a screenshot.
Format attachments as a list of dicts.
Check that code is a valid CASTE code.
Returns a context dictionary for rendering a page.
Checks if the given value is an inf.
Return a short version of the current Python version.
Find the number of vowels in a string.
Convert input to theano expression.
Sinesubtraction of the Sine subtraction.
Returns a list of people.
Render an alert.
Returns True if the response includes csp features.
Shortcut for loading without loading.
Test for add_patch_info.
Returns the flowgramali executable string.
localhost socket. gethostbyname
Reencrypt ciphertext using re - encryption.
Check if the given string is a valid IPA string.
Grab the docstring of a command.
Performs a double - fc expansion on the expanded data.
Runs the else test module with the given context.
Get metrics jobs for a given date.
Collect all bear directories from a list of sections.
Return the length of the header of a bytearray.
Returns the response cell name from a routing path.
Remove the specified users from the ACL group.
Test for relu activation.
Return the trace of a traced function.
Define a global variable.
Calculate the equation for the current page.
Get the memory of the virtual machine with the given name
Add an addon to a context and add tags to it.
Test that the base is the same as the base.
Get the preprocessing function for the equalizer.
Delete metadata associated with a snapshot.
Remove tags from a trail.
Parse a user rule and return a list of user arguments.
Main entry point for the git script.
Get or create a badge.
Log an attribute of an object.
Strip CRuft tags from HTML.
Convert a fixture to a list of tables.
Set the current thread user.
Indent the output of vaoutput if format is str_
Test for html tables.
Return True if the object is visible in the subreddit.
Main WSGI application.
View forgotpassword route.
Check if file_name is valid.
Indicate that a date is less than current request. now.
Import a pylab user_ns into the user_ns dictionary.
All suffixes for all source and extension files.
Try to get a string from the device.
Generate a unique id.
Validate a bucket name.
Marks a value as safe and returns it.
Handle run_changed items.
Detect lines in a diff string.
Write a debug message to the dump file.
Get vendor from PCI ID.
Test the plot of a montage file.
Return the absolute path to a resource filename.
Shuffle an iterable.
Browse the other branch of the current working directory.
Shorten name to max_length characters.
Yield a permutation group of n permutations.
Add filters to the C ++lint state.
Get the current thread s current user.
Run pip and check that the site_packages_path exists in the site_packages_path
Monkey patch os_mock with monkeypatches.
Stops the running process.
Executes the next evaluator arguments.
Get the access token for the given authorization code.
Manage managed servers.
Tempchangefield - Tempchangefield - Tempchangefield context manager
Default predictors for threadable predictors.
Push a term onto the source_line.
Toggle labels on the canvas.
Update course updates.
Remove dead links from a directory.
Update the dictionary d with the values from other.
Return a boolean and a string representing the virtual state of the system.
Is the given hash used?
Get the full GDAL version string
Get a synonym for a word.
A decorator that waits for a presence of element at the specified css selector to be present.
Test that nm3 is not a valid nearest neighbor object.
Mock an OC command.
Attaches total points to the given queryset.
Return the index of a token except the given token.
Returns a sorted list of all the gids for the specified user.
Check if a token is a string or not.
Dispatch a function to the operating system.
Return a list of existing DHCP networks for the given conf.
Get the version of a package based on the results.
Return the value of an option if it exists.
Apply a function to each element of a list and return the result as a numpy array.
Apply a sync function to an object.
Parses a file and yields trees. Tree objects.
Compare sccs1 and sccs2.
Return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary.
Delete a console.
Get the absolute path to the deployment config file.
Return a blockmatrix that slices expr from rowsizes to colsizes.
Validator for multiple choice options.
Contextmanager that temporarily change the current working directory.
Convert a dictionary to a naming string.
Cleans a URL and returns a cleaned version of it.
Encode a list into a string.
List all references to a remote host.
Test the get method of the proxy.
Get the master status of the master.
Fix all html files in a container.
Get a module with a directory path.
Run a p4 system command.
Test that there are no localized folders that are missing from a GMail message.
Create a new LB
Check if a URL is from a spider.
Unescapes the given text using the given restore_backslashes.
Raises an AssertionError if the check fails.
Save a password in the keyring.
Get a repository by name and owner.
Return the index of the position of the given deg and order.
Get a jid from the database.
Return True if fmt is a memoryview format.
Duplicate a polynomial in a multivariate Polynomial.
Read a cache file from a stream.
Encodes a message into a string.
Return the default number of test processes.
Inspect an object.
Parse the ID from a string.
Loads county data and merges them into a pandas DataFrame.
Submit a multi - sub form.
Return a keyword argument for the given keyword arguments.
Assert an arping of a namespace.
List all the nodes in the system.
Optimizes openpyxl. workbook. workbook. workbook. workbook. workbook. workbook.
Split text into labels and labels.
Create a translation project for the given language and project.
Get the list of host names associated with a fixed IP.
Returns a dictionary of context variables to be used in debug mode.
Generate random objects from lib.
Get the context for a template line.
Run the command initdb with noprojects.
Add a replay gain command to the protocol.
Solve the linear system for the given symbol using solveset_solver
Create a GnuPG object for the specified user.
Uninstalls the specified console scripts and installs the specified entry point.
Get crafted text from text archive.
Sort a list of schedules according to the current time.
Returns the current code name of the current segment.
Get an attribute that is accessible to a dictionary object.
Check if a string is a short syllable.
Read a dictionary of values from a key.
Generate the authentication response for a list of challs.
Creates a selection model for the current selection.
Report a test failure using Junit XML
Apply a codon operation to the input text.
Formats a dictionary of errors into a list of formatted error messages.
Create a directory if it doesn t exist.
Return a list of available plugins or none if no plugins are available.
Get the programs data for the specified user.
Convert an integer to a packed byte string.
Get the name of a process.
Acquire lock.
Convert an object name to a class name.
Get a client for the specified identity API version.
Logarithm of softplus.
Mix a number into a video.
Check if a path is a valid webroot.
Convert a bf_type to a bufsize.
Check authentication for a given name.
Compute the covariance matrix of the neweywest covariance matrix.
Check if a process exists.
Returns True if the current process is the main process.
Returns True if attrname is protected.
Performs training onvalidation for the given training event.
Get the perimeter width of an element node.
Process an image file.
Register a crontab task to update google analytics.
Convert a string to a unicode string.
Publish a liveaction and action request.
Restore a service from the device.
Add a media object to a media list.
Get the content type of a message.
Returns a list of collection summaries matching the given collection ids.
Create an internet gateway.
Get the command from the state.
Flushes all the customer data to the database.
Return the directory of the ipython package directory.
Arrange widgets in a panel.
Compresses a merge back into a new token.
Get the audit log directory for the navigator audit log.
Write the SVG text to a file.
Evaluate a function f for a given p and k.
Set the cbreak flag for the given file descriptor.
Register the pycomcategory registry.
p_parameter_list_2 is a wrapper around p_parameter_list
Get the descriptive extension for the given gcodetext.
Return the line at cursor position.
Get a load from a jid.
End recording the specified HTTP status.
Create a simplewiki instance.
Capitalize a string.
Run a flake task.
Unpurge one or more packages.
Validate a POST signature.
Get the path to the configuration directory.
Returns the hamming distance between two strings.
Return a URL from a scheme host password path and query parameters.
Check that an email address is valid.
Validate customization args and values.
Get the credentials for a provider.
Check if the logical_line is called only once with the given logical_line.
Generate a demo string rule format.
Returns the preferred IP address for the given ips.
Get the output of a command.
Capture the stdin stdout and stderr of the specified logger.
Apply syntax highlighting to the given value.
Upgrade all packages in the specified bin environment.
Count the number of real roots of a field.
Get the set of results that are missing from dest_dir.
Discover the content of a URI.
Interpolate x and y using trigonometric interpolation.
Return the wordnet object for the given tag.
Test the pprint of py3 bytes.
Calculate the rosen der derivative of x.
Render a mock template to a response.
Compiles the given URI into a Python object.
Get the title of a media player.
Convert Excel file to database.
Return a list of releases grouped by version.
Spawn a coroutine.
Convert CFSet to set.
Authenticates the current user with the given request.
Get a key function from a key function.
Add a security group to an instance.
Unlocalizes the given value.
Get a list of all the bootstrap modules.
Return a list of strings that match the given path.
Serve a file for a given package and type.
Returns True if text is valid False otherwise.
Install a VCS versioneer file.
Evaluate the location of a module at the given offset.
Create a toggle tag that toggles a querystring.
Get all groups for all containers in the inventory.
Test cache configuration enable private browsing.
Delete the SSH key associated with a user.
Convert a string to a S3 string.
Connection listener for pinging.
Create a videocapture from a string.
Convert a bytearray to an integer.
Resets the suppressions of nolint warnings.
Load a wx bitmap from a file.
Test the fit method of oss. Fit.
Confirm that a completion show matches the given rows.
Return a dictionary of articles for a particular language.
Main entry point for the command line interface.
Returns True if func accepts kwarg.
Return the default python shell.
Generate a model for the given root_class.
Convert a module to a class.
Validate a course id.
Test locale html.
Reload module from cwd.
Test that the lambdacdm function is zeroing.
Postvim message.
Return the normal factor and expand factor of rv.
Return a list of random floats.
Return the default mappings for a list of machines.
Parse a range header.
Run the source tarball task.
Ensure that the named service is enabled.
Returns a new repository for the current project.
Set the priority of a queue.
Store results_dirpath in results_dirpath.
Decodes a unicode string into a unicode string.
Setup test database.
Create a documentlistaclentry from an XML string.
Get the server id for a given identity.
Apply a fcontext policy.
Returns the default context for the current user.
Test fixes.
Test for date labels.
Returns a dict of user messages.
Set the offset by a multiplier.
Get the label of a sentiment.
Create a WSGI server.
Return the title of a list of columns as a string.
Decorate a function as a dummy function.
Test the number of times a config test is performed.
Return a list of all the nodes in the cluster.
View for topics view.
Cleans a URL and returns it.
Decode the received bitvec into the corrected syndrome and the total error.
Import a tablib. Book from a stream.
Create a set of okassemblies.
Returns a list of horizontally bounded paths.
Create a new task info.
Test that json_view. error returns an error string.
Returns a list of email addresses for the given group.
Set fake_execute_repliers globals.
Remove stack traces and timings from a doctest output.
Create a rectangle of the specified width and height.
Get the default verify paths for SSL.
Return the long description of the current working directory.
Return a request URI for the given WSGI environment.
Sort a string or list of strings.
Get a list of files with the codedirectory suffix for the given filename.
Create a graph from a degree sequence.
Get a secret from the secret manager
Initialize graphmodule for mpstate.
Update a block in the modulestore
Get the id or key of a list item.
Initialize the eyegaze control.
Factory for creating a modelformset.
Test gridspec for width ratios.
Returns a pseudo breadcrumb string for the given key.
List all bucket files in a bucket.
Get a single item from a list.
Save the figure to a file.
Find a command in a path.
Check if a directory is a package directory.
Return a list of all the modules in the systempath.
Decorator for chaining transports.
Mock inline CSS.
Interpret string as minutes and return mdict.
Get the summary of a commit.
Check if the current thread is in the QT thread.
Handle a getlocked expression.
Create a new set of mod names from a set of pre and post mod names.
Get the model matrix for the given array type.
Unpack a ZIP file into extract_dir.
Get the encryption headers for a given key.
Get all matching files for all fastq files.
Get a model by its identifier.
Get the adjacency matrix for the given redirects file.
Convert head position to translation rotation and t.
Draw a bounding box on the specified renderer.
Create a fake payment for a participant.
End an event.
Check authentication for GitHub.
Add default variables and functions to a dictionary.
Tests if the remote_repo_url is a valid URL for remote URLs.
Setup a REST switch platform.
Test that get_config does not exist.
Validate a resource type.
Apply a layer to the state_below tensor.
Remove a database.
Polynomial factorization.
Get the last modified time of a file.
Load window size.
Check if a file is a valid cleanup list.
Shutdown the plugin.
Print a message and exit.
Check if the value is a modulo of num_
Get the size of the screen in pixels.
Parse a RE RE - hexadecimal string and return the number of digits and the number of digits.
Apply a function to each element of an index.
Benchmark an estimator using atomic benchmarking.
csrf_token_template csrf_token_template
Splits a Bezier curve into two Bezier curves intersecting with a closed
Quotes a string and returns it without any whitespace.
Connect a function to a boolean action.
Validate that value is a valid domain name.
Return the next multiple of n.
Run the bot hook and return the username and id.
Report the current state of the tracker.
Derivative of obs.
Connect to cloudsearch2.
Get a tour of the graph.
Escapes the given text and returns it as a string.
Sign a certificate using the default CA.
Get public names from a list of public names.
nbsp a string.
Normalize hosts to be a list of strings.
Run the command.
Build the command line arguments for the install command.
Formats the value according to the given search_match.
Create a config spec for a network attach config.
Return the path to the current working directory.
Generate library options.
Return the cache object.
Return a dictionary of modifiers that match the given modifiers.
Download a file or a directory or a file.
Return the virtual memory of the virtual machine.
Select elements that are not in the exclude set.
Suspend a virtual machine.
Validate a password against the expected hash.
Return True if the wildcards overlap between name1 and name2.
Generate a UUID from a node and a clock sequence.
Convert a range string to a set.
Ensure a usage plan is absent.
Initialize output_dir if needed.
Return True if all pyrex implementations have been imported.
Returns the current selection.
Signin success handler.
Return the contents of a file.
Return the default entry point for this package.
Returns a list of all registered services.
Go to the specified URL.
print str_str_
Check if a user exists.
Decorator to configure the HTML Tidy mini filter.
If x is a string or a list of strings convert it to UTF - 8. If x
Compile a template string into a Python object.
Test that installed and generated MNE locations are correctly installed.
Return the path to the preference file.
Serves a Flask route with a gzipped content view.
Gather pillar data from pillarenv.
Reads a test file with safe XML.
Return a random string of length l.
Read count plain booleans from a file - like object.
Pporttristate setter.
Get exchange from connection.
Clear compatversion cache on delete signal.
Map a target to a service.
Command line interface for switch_to_v5
Assert that the actual quantity is allclose to desired.
Parse a multipath rule.
Demonstrate a grid with a single cbar.
Send a message to the destination.
Include debug JavaScript for S3.
Get the filesystem encoding.
Receiver for course published signal.
Register a namespace alias.
Get a new repository from fabmetheus.
Split a BABY file into chunks.
Convert a JSON encoded string to a list of strings.
Convert a list of values to a dictionary.
Generate example RST.
Build a reverse URL for a view.
Return the fstime floor of ns in seconds.
Test that frame attributes transform to inherit frame attributes.
Resets the state of the terminal to its initial state.
Check if a host is full.
Move path to trash folder.
Duplicates a sequence of sequences to a raw dictionary.
Split a string into a list of chars_per_string.
Generate completion commands for all shells.
Clears the database environment.
Prepares an embed request.
Convert a scalar value to a fitsup format.
Hardlinks the background.
Colorize an image.
Returns a tuple of SQL statements for all the databases in the app.
Sends an email to the specified user.
Convert iso format to javascript timestamp.
Collects the javascript paths for the user - specified addons.
Set the waffunctions from the WAF files.
Manage admin modules.
Throttle layout.
Copy all fields from src to dst.
Parse a server string and return a tuple of address and port.
Generate a random password and hashed password.
Return the ground - nth degree of the ground - nth degree of the ground - n
Decomposes a function f into a right - decomposed polynomial.
Set the opacity of an image.
Return the number afterpoint of a string.
Queues an email to welcome an osf4m user.
Returns the recurrence term of the term f.
Shift dtime by shift seconds.
Creates a port group for the specified virtual switch.
Split a path into a zipped path and the archive path.
Run all exit functions.
Update the current version of the pdfjs file for the specified target version.
Test that no data is stored in a table.
Return a list of default payment providers.
Return a tuple of bool and str_.
Sets up the configuration for the given key.
Calculate the score from the local results.
Get a trianglemesh from a text file.
Get a fixed IP by address detailed.
Return the ISO8601 representation of the current time in ISO8601 format.
Return the color of a string or color.
Check if a slug is valid.
Associates an IP address with a fixed IP instance.
Determine if a file should be skipped.
Send a message to admins.
test z - test
Alter an enum column in a table.
Check if the given proxies match the current protocol types and speed.
Remove the last XML tag from a file.
Get vector3path from complexpath.
Set the current configuration for the plugin.
Register treebuilders from a module.
Decode an ASCII file into a unicode string.
Check if text is contained in path.
Connect to the cognito identity layer.
Return the number of ports in abusy state.
Check if a string is a valid identifier.
Encode cookie data using the given key.
Send an email to multiple recipients.
Return True if the word is a quote.
Sanitize filename.
Backups the current environment.
List all tables in a dataset.
Convert XFS dump output to a dictionary.
Stack a number of virtual variables.
Returns a list of all filepaths in the specified directory.
Entoken a stream of text.
Overrides the bytes from the content type of the listing dict.
Get a list of all available keys for a user or secret.
Fix line endings in content.
Makes a plot of a string with a legend.
Duplicates a legendre n from the left to the right
List an option.
Validate a background color.
Create a table in the database.
Convert a FilerFile object to a dictionary.
Add submenus to menu.
Return the dot product of two complexes.
Return available salt cloud sizes.
Remove empty lines from a string.
Remove a connection from the connection stack.
Generate a list of YAML handlers for the given app_engine_web_xml and web_
Check the filepath of a list of changes.
Retry a function on a signal.
Calls the specified method on the specified object.
Returns a tuple of unique items in sequence that are not in reference.
Profile the gradient of a function f.
Test DBAPI raw w pool.
Collect static files.
Check if an environment is created.
Returns True if the patchmodule has been executed or False otherwise.
Return the virtual name of the virtual machine.
Setup the platform for MQTT.
Return the outer product of x and y.
Return a websafe version of the given text.
Monkey patch os. environ with the given values.
Examine the result of a mbox call and return the result.
Count the number of righthand zero bits.
Softsign with softsign.
Generate a fingerprint for the given ssh key.
Read the curvature of the surface and test whether there are any bin curvatures
Add function stats from source to target.
Boot an image and run it.
Replaces dst with dst.
Return a human - readable duration given a number of nanoseconds.
Synchronize the database with the current version.
Remove cached views from the cache.
Get the size of the backup file for the given service.
Validate path against element_validator.
Scan for a MAC address in the LAN scan.
Find all the top level loops in the configuration.
Get a list of events.
Deserialize a key value from a key value pair.
Returns the search form for the given request.
Returns True if module_name is a submodule of module_name.
Runs the suite runner and returns the JSON result.
Edit an opportunity.
Get the foreign key for a given model.
Normalize a filesystem path.
View config changes.
Convert a dictionary to a 1 - dimensional numpy array.
Remove a port FWD from a port.
Builds a simple borderswipingnet.
Returns a list of parameters for the given object.
Get crafted text from text.
Return True if filename ends with str_ or ends with str_.
Get an expression by its name.
Main WSGI application.
Prints the given arguments to the given file.
Check to see if a launch configuration exists.
Return a slugified version of a string.
Get a list of dummy effects from the model.
Convert a value to a boolean.
List all the root environments
adds a line to the distancefeedrate when a loop begins.
Extend mode to code.
Returns the email address of the specified user.
Convert an IPv4 address string to an IPv6 address string.
Check if a string is in the leading tab of a string.
Called when the application is initialized.
Compute the correlation between two datasets.
Render hjson data.
Find the name of a foreign key constraint in a table.
Restore a postgres database from a file.
Return the index of the missing whitespace in a logical line.
Get credits for a subproject.
Create a new instance of none with the specified parameters.
Parse a query and return the result.
Returns a S3 table controller.
Escapes the markdown section of the given text.
Check if the result is a valid ctypes pointer.
Parse an HTTP date string and return a datetime object.
Formats a URL with scheme netloc and port.
Render a parametricocdf of a range of numbers.
Get a new command from the current working directory.
Test the estimator of editednearestneighbours.
Create a zone from a template.
Add a role to a group.
Dump all documents in a stream.
Filter registers to return an apnumber.
Password has changed.
Extract read - to - sample mappings from a list of labels.
Refresh the info cache for the given instance.
Check if an attribute name is private.
jshint task.
Copy a folder from one location to another.
Resize an image.
Create a proxy for the given token.
Start a background thread.
Return the acosh of x.
Solve the linear system of the linear system of the linear system with respect to x.
Returns a list of driver names.
Return a pickleable class that can be pickled.
Return the Jacobian of n at nt.
Returns the skewness of xs.
Create a consumer for the given request.
Parse a list of privs into a dict.
Check if the repo is blacklisted.
Returns the location of the S3 REST controller.
Import a string from a dotted path.
Emit problem submitted event.
Compute the mgf1 digest of the given seed using the given hash.
Filters the given value to produce natural time.
Check that the result is equal to zero.
Releases a port from the serial port pool.
Swap a polynomial in a f.
Process sitemonitor data.
Update a list
Convert a corpus to a VW file.
Create an index in the database.
Convert a name to a regular expression.
Asserts that the logical line is of the same type as the logical line.
Setup the litejet platform.
Setup the join cache.
Attaches total points to the given queryset.
Add vertexes to a geometry output.
Get steam steam data.
Get a file object from a file or path.
Computes the sequence of nodes that are derived from the given graph.
Get torrents from lixian
Create a WSGI resource.
Process a message notification.
Lints the citations in the tool XML.
Builds the absolute URIs of the given html.
Escapes null characters in text and returns a null string.
Activate a requirement.
Return True if the element at the given toppath is in progress False otherwise.
Remove a role from the database.
Check if path is a directory.
Push a new redis connection to the pool.
Test for consistency of random streams.
Redirect to reset_password page if user is not logged in.
Convert a frequency to a period.
Get a spinner instance.
Check if group members are disabled in the LDAP group.
Split a namespace tag into a string and a tag.
Retains vertical spacing for each token in the uwline.
Test if h is a valid RGB string.
Run mysql command.
Get the path to the CA certificates.
Extract nested case from case node.
Format an exception only.
Return a dictionary of callables from a module.
Return a list of all files in the specified environment.
Remove dummy model parameters from perm dict.
Returns the sum of all subclasses of a class.
Crop the raw FIF file and test the output formats.
Requester represent a person or contact.
Return the full modname of a path.
Load data into a parser and method name.
Re - validate a certificate for a specific student.
Return a string representation of a list of names.
Show a network.
Return an empty float.
Computes the projection of f onto basis using l2_inner_product.
Tagnameselect plugin.
Return the column of a string in a given loc.
Get a certificate from a server.
Yields the product of two iterables.
IRC logging hook.
Parse a date value.
Safely infer the value of a node.
Setup an insteon hub on an insteon hub.
Unescapes the given text.
Create a matplotlib. colors. HSV color array from a number of colors.
Register a unix line discard event handler.
Filters a list of registers by sigsort
Destroy the indexes for all the models in the app.
Get the description of the chapter of a video.
Return the path to the program that matches the given program.
Update the git repository.
Allow the user to register a new user.
Schedule a job to be executed at the specified time.
Unlock an entity.
Set the classes for the given options.
Run sr_names in a subreddit and inject the results into the subreddit.
Check if xbps_output is installed.
Return a key for the given entry.
Parse a comment from the source.
Fail if an error occurred on a directory to a filelink.
Assert that all module exceptions are of the same type.
Test protocol 0 regression.
Convert an object to serializables.
Parse an arXiv url and return its components.
Start an HTTP server on the specified port.
Parse command line arguments.
Format a traceback as a list of strings.
Check if a recaptcha is valid.
Add a constructor to the loader.
Read an index from a file - like object.
Clean meta data and return a set of modified metadata.
Plot the posterior predictive of trace.
Test get_version method.
Format size according to num_ units.
Affinity of a CPU by a task.
Command coverage html.
Get the geometry output by the given arguments.
Formats an issue object into a dictionary.
Authenticate with the Spacewalk server.
Test whether the test file is opendocx.
Wrap text with textwrap. textwrapper.
The site location controller.
Returns true if the gcodetext matches the procedure in the given gcodetext.
Given a mime type and parsed media ranges return the best fitness and quality.
Check if a unit is available.
Check if a release is in an episode.
Download a file from the object.
Hook for karma hook.
Copies a file to a temporary location.
Returns a list of periods in the locale.
Disable insecure serializers.
Assert that the attributes of a column are valid.
Generate blobs from n_samples and n_features
Render the template and return the rendered template.
Get image names for a profile.
Run distrib_desc on the current working directory.
List all haservers in a backend.
Convert a JSON row to a tuple of rows.
Get the first word of a splitline.
Check if an ElastiCache domain exists.
Test crop appending.
Test that the number of reads in the test data matches the number of reads in the test data
Evaluate an expression.
Modified DMP from sympy.
Tests that the prompt s process_json argument matches the process_json argument.
Get the headerguardcppvariable for the given filename.
Check if arg is a valid type.
Return the document content of the specified docx.
Load a Python object from a string.
Given a request and a WSGI environ return the URL that should be used for the request.
Set global is_interactive flag.
Process an element node.
Return the traceback of a thread.
Run fabtools. require from url.
Convert a list of recipients to a set of email addresses.
Quote a string using the given charset and safe argument.
Set the egid of the process.
Register classfactories from a list of clsids.
Ensures that the named function is absent from the specified region.
Create a port group for the specified virtual switch.
Process an XML element.
Get all review requests for the current user.
List all repos in basedir.
Yields all direct siblings of left that are not in right.
Write a plist to a resource.
Gather the bootstrap script from the cloud.
proxy function for div_proxy
Test that plot_image is a valid epochs image.
Install coverage requirements.
Parse an XML stream error element and return an exception object.
Assert that the logical line is true instance.
Test gridspec for height ratios.
Register all registered models.
Split a command line into a list of command line arguments.
Return the number of intra - comunity edges of a graph.
Kruskal distribution.
Get the default comment app name.
Create a new figure manager.
Repeat the elements of a repeated sequence along the specified axis.
Get an email address from the display.
Configures the settings object.
Check to see if the given language code is available.
General test for galactic three components.
Alter a tablespace.
Uptime a hypervisor.
Check that the columns in the test_data are derived from the list of lists of keywords.
Whether or not docstrings are disabled.
Run the command shell.
Copy all jars modified in app_name to lib_dir.
Pause a vm.
Configure the database engine.
Returns the current state of the case.
Scans the default SR reference for the default SR reference.
Get a release by id.
Open a text file and return it as a string.
Returns a list of all pids of the given pid.
Calculate the filename for the photo.
Get the HTML for each page in the given HTML tree.
Autosummary table visit.
Check if user is in pyenv.
Return True if any of the specified virtual machines are running on the gpu.
Return True if all ancestors of the given language are published.
Creates a button for creating objects.
Generate a unique ID for an event.
Parse a line of pkginfo output.
Run le_auto on a venv_dir
Raise distutilssetuperror if value is not a boolean.
Add extra incs to the current config file.
Generate code from a template node.
Convert a Python module to a dictionary.
Write a key - value pair to a file.
Unbox an index.
Test the instantiation of filelinks.
Expectation test for samplewt_fit.
Merges request_setting with session_setting.
Get the rank of the Singular value at t.
Return a string representation of the current context
Return the Cosh interval of x.
Set the SNMP community.
Make a map from caseid to index.
Get a tenant from Kstone.
Check if the descriptor is mobile available.
Analyses a set of files and injects them into a single file.
wrapper for s3request
Get the options from a select browser query.
Get information about an entry in a distribution.
Get the descriptioncarve string for the given lines.
Query activities about a user.
Index documents in a list of ids.
Get a new repository for the current working directory.
Get the value of a WMI setting.
Test that the enn sample haswt fit.
Fail if dict1 and dict2 are the same.
Validates the given configuration object.
Offlinely offline a Traffic Server.
Get virtual packages.
Send all the reports in a monthly manner.
Convert a list of MNCs into a Cumulative distribution.
Fanoutcast a message to a topic.
Synchronize local and remote databases
Remove the queue logging handler from the root logger.
Quotes a string using the given charset and errors.
Get the power of an IPMI.
Gradient of the logistic log likelihood.
Get blobinfo for a given blob key.
Get a group type by its name.
Attempts to match a hostname in a certificate.
Convert a dbus exception to a string.
Setup a builder for a fast link program.
Check if the given headers are a websocket.
Lookup all records for a given name.
Check that the geoserver is up.
Convert a keytext string to a keyinfo object.
Update the values of a fixed IP address.
Fully qualified name for a class or function.
Get install function from platform.
Remove the task app from the project directory.
Run bdist_wininst in interactive mode.
Build a property specification.
Test that the pip_install_local function does not upgrade dependencies when no longer longer satisfied.
Register a simple tag that can be used as a cross - origin tag.
Get the current status of the server.
Remove a network from the API.
Get image member by memb_id
Returns True if algo is not None or if algo is None.
Skip a message if Python is pypypy.
Refresh grains.
Round a number to a given precision.
Run the uname task.
Return the virtual name of the host if it is not set.
Set restart mode.
Samples from groundtruth_x and generated_x.
Escape special characters in a string.
Serializes an exception to a string.
Get the number of themes and locks for a reviewer.
Make an RGBA color.
Prompt the user for a pass.
Update an instance.
C ++ integer.
Connect to a specific region.
Return True if there are external plugins.
Search for a movie based on a list of reviews.
Free memory for this node.
Check usage of a module.
Create a jit - based pivoting function.
Processes an element node by its derivative.
Translate masks from modifiers to masks.
Tests bad masked sizes.
Processes a single hour.
Set copyright and license attributes.
Browse the current branch.
Get the value of a placeholder in a setting.
Chooses the mailchimp mailing lists for the specified user.
Computedpprincipalprojection op.
Entry point for the ansiblemodule script.
Read actions from keyboard.
Return a deprecation docstring for a given version.
Get theme data.
Split an entry into two parts d t e p
Save a load to a jid
Return a list of celery settings.
Book endpoint.
Convert a string to a number.
Create a storage transfer job.
Monitor the disk usage of the specified mounts.
Find the degree of a matrix.
Check if HG is installed.
Safely serialize a value to JSON.
Format a list of extracted lines into a list of strings.
Cleanup a process and all its children.
Get the geometry output for the given derivation.
Initialize the ovstrunkskeleton handler
Check if a user exists in the specified htpasswd file.
Set the time of the session.
Return a slugified version of the value.
Reset all shortcuts to default values.
Returns True if there is an app context stack.
Split a node into lower case and port.
Wrapper for subprocess. popen.
Create a new branch.
Expands the given path to be a Windows path.
Uncache a zipdir.
Aggregate packages based on the state tag in chunks.
Convert a wotan token to a penntreebank.
Normalizes a batch in training.
Given a field name and a model return a label for that field.
Adds a document to a folder.
Get sys. version_info and machine. byteorder information.
Evaluate a point on a cylindrical dot - azimuth.
Test that str_ is str_ type.
Extract views from a list of urlpatterns.
Return the document controller.
Return a sorted list of all resources in the given node.
Returns the JSON representation of the ga_push attribute
Return True if f is a float literal.
Generate a random string of length l.
Convert a dictionary of unicode objects to a dictionary of unicode objects.
p_statements - p_statements - p_statements
Delete an account.
Setup the russound platform.
Check if string_ip is an IPv6 address.
Decorate a function f to return a new clip.
Return a string representation of the expression.
Ensure that all roles are serialized correctly.
Make datetime aware of the given timezone.
Generate a request URI for a request.
Calculate the entropy of the partition of the input by the given attribute.
Compute the minimum distance between nodes_explored and dist.
Relu transforms x to the relu format.
Apply a palette to an image.
Temporarily attempt the effective UID of a user.
Return a list of the current virtual machine stats.
Migrate data dirs to new ones.
Load a dataset from a YAML file.
Parse an XML file.
Decode a value into a tuple.
Send a remote request to the remote server.
Check if apcaccess is available.
Calculate the hash of a torrent.
Remove a file or a link from a directory.
Get the radius of the stroke on the xml element.
Return the sas of l1 l2 and l3.
Get account information from memcache.
Serialize a controlamp agent to a string.
Print a message to stderr and exit.
Get the geometry output for the given element node.
Return the fraction decomp of expr.
Get the makeopts variable.
Recursively copies the contents of src to dst.
Get quotas for the given resources.
Return the virtual name of the minion.
Convert an image to a numpy array.
Return the indices of the given shape.
Check if text is a plural.
Returns the state name for the given state name.
Configure inline support for the given backend.
Add string metadata to xml.
Setup logging for a product.
Discrete discretization test for subpixel Gaussians.
Open a file or directory.
Checks if the given object is a class.
Handles the completion of a backup complete operation.
B - property for range property.
test for cgi
Create a new mini notification and register it.
Clean up metric cleanup.
Check if a package file exists.
Copy attributes from old_node to new_node.
Plots a new evoked plot.
Given a dictionary of hash values return a dictionary of key - value pairs.
Reduces the number of zero points in a multi - dimensional array.
Get the value from a text string.
Initialize the global configuration.
Toggles the options of the project.
Get the memory usage of the process.
Yields the product of the given iterables.
Get a list of all simulated paths in a loop.
Unescapes the given value.
Zeromutable fields for the given packet.
Add a new external account to an existing account.
Detect changes that are shippable.
Return a list of mailcapfiles.
Generate coordinates for each zoom in zooms.
Converges the given service with the given strategy.
Create a job log logger.
Run all checks on the given estimator.
csrf_exempt csrf_exempt
Returns the argument unchanged if it is None.
Returns a dict of user profile details for the specified users.
Get the version from a file.
Check if there are enough semaphores in the system.
Run texttest runner.
Create a response from a generator.
Qualifier list 1 for p_specifier.
Map a volume to a single host.
Decodes a string or unicode object into unicode.
Traverses a generic traversal of a node.
Write a GIF to a GIF file.
Return the numeric part of a string or none if it is not a numeric part.
Get a property from an object.
Add a closed XML tag to the output.
Arp function that returns the arp of the grains in the grains
Encodes a header from a dictionary.
Advance p by num_ steps.
Multiply a timedelta by a div.
Generate a date range from start and end dates.
Check the lengths of all sequences in a FASTA file and return a list of tuple
Encode a Name object.
Decorator to force down a service.
Find a namespace by name.
Get a list of partitions for a disk.
Get the category value for a label.
Convert an integer to a roman string.
Convert a list of dispatch_list into a YAML string.
Samples from the Bernoulli distribution.
Setup the client for the given hass.
Setup logging.
View nested strings.
Generate a category file.
Create a new local dictionary and add it to the stack.
Estimate the covariance between xs and ys
Verify that uninstall editable and pip install files are not deleted.
Permute a list of items.
Returns the number of kilometers between meters and meters.
Compare two constant time strings for equality.
Decode a JBIG encoded stream.
Get the cache key for the given account.
Return True if the token is equal to the current value of the parser.
Decorator to mark a function as delay_denial.
Update a device.
Below a polynomial at xmin and ymin.
Chgid a group.
Get a list of all simulated paths for the given loop.
Returns the value of the specified interface or an error if the interface is not found.
Test that the pytpm doc example is compatible with the pytpm doc.
Test conversion of HSL to RGB part 9.
Get an ovf flow for a given task type and image repository.
Get the number of hosts.
Convert a string to a translated field value.
Compute the softmax of a dictionary.
Register a role in the language module.
Runs the specified command using the specified arguments.
Create a VLAN interface.
Get course enrollment information.
Build a URL for the given endpoint.
Select a command from a list of corrected commands.
Create a new bundle and register it with the registry.
Make gettext patterns for gettext.
Return a list of all factory modules.
Encode a unicode string to UTF - 8.
Return True if expr is a function variable.
Generate the request id hash.
Return an instance of the Spyder application.
Get details about mapping functions.
Show a service certificate.
Complete an operation.
Confirm that the user has logged in.
Generate a signature for the given secret and parts.
Extract a member from a group to a target path.
Get the line number of a node.
Returns the log level for the given level or None if the level is not an integral.
Receiver for user_post_save signal.
Pack a message to be sent to the server.
Get the value of an expression value.
Process an XML element and print its attributedictionary.
Set the x layout.
Prepare the totals from the head baseline and totals.
Return True if item is in inlist.
Returns True if value is less than arg.
Check if a file is newer than another.
Get all instances associated with the specified host and node.
Migrate settings from siteconfig to siteconfig.
Sign data using JWT.
uwratio between two strings s1 and s2
Wait for VBL to be available.
Compute the fingerprint of a list of paths.
Return the path to the given dev.
Filter tasks by protocol.
Determine if a field is asolenoidal field.
Edit a source.
Parse a target URL into a string.
Get the authentication settings for the current user.
Setup the console logger.
Try to get a url from url_name.
Scan for events and return a list of events
Check if source is a flat source.
Returns a list of interfaces
Return the localzone for the current time.
Check if the user can add a translation to a project.
Test the printing profile for pydotprint.
Expand an integer or boolean type into an integer type.
Sort results by force_text.
Calculate clickthrough rate for impressions.
Safely snap a snapshot of a repository.
Fail if x is not equal to y.
Check if the given bucket name supports DNS conversion.
Return the number of CPUs in the system.
Stop logging for the specified name.
List etc_hosts in a table.
Strips a single element from a string.
Flag an object.
If the number of blocks in the store exceeds the number of blocked blocks then rescan_if
Get widget content based on response format.
Update the values of a node.
Check if the user is allowed to access the group.
Main entry point for net_device_verification.
Convert a string or unicode object to a string.
Create a new scratch area view.
Allocate an EC2 standard.
Adjust the time delay for the last query.
Create a new web2py app
Find the first matching pattern in text.
Find the current user.
Get text until the first dot in the text is less than num_
Check if badges are enabled for the given course.
Access global authomatic instance.
Return the current system information.
Test that make_imbalance is a bad ratio.
Enable a service.
Returns the model field name for the given field.
Skip a fixed 64 - bit integer from the buffer.
Add a request to the queue.
Clone the configuration for a device and emulator.
Validate a block of tokens.
A context manager for no - log - warning messages.
Get the email address of the specified user.
Reads an int32 from a file - like object.
Determine if the current environment is in Travis CI.
Report deprecated workermoduleusage warnings.
Return the HTML body of the input string.
Decode a string into a nameid.
Get a bucket by its id.
List available packages for a given jid.
Decorator to set the restype to c_double.
Returns the total number of seconds since the given date.
List all instance profiles.
Constant x value.
Optin a message hash.
Iterate over XML elements of an object.
Redirect to the url and redirect to the new page.
Return the string representation of the given pointer.
Get a list of roles for a user.
Get the text representation of a list.
Test that the edf_path is a valid edf file.
Clear artifacts from the database.
Broadcast axis a to b.
Setup the netatmo platform.
Called when the apphook is post delete page checker is finished.
Returns a JSON string with the number of messages that failed validation.
Convert a value to a numpy array.
Shortcut for warnings. warn
Setup the test database.
Monitor a list of popens.
Get a new state file name for the given zone.
Encrypt a stream with the given mode.
Return a context dict for a given revision.
Load a module from the specified module name.
Get multi - m2m users.
Create a list of rules from a list of symbols.
Create a new egg.
Update the location tree for a feature.
Log information about the message.
Load a module from a file.
Convert a string or unicode object to a string.
Check if the given hashed passphrase matches the given passphrase.
Get a list of metaschemas for the current request.
Generate a certificate for the given domain.
Get username and password from url.
Rotates the contents of the specified blob to the specified base64 encryption key.
Test ORM bundle management.
Render sales leads list.
Initializes the configuration with the given options.
Delete a topic.
Install the jupyter hook.
Returns a list of all cliques in the graph that are not within the threshold.
Return the hub matrix of the graph g.
Run a simple WSGI server.
Load all account types from the registry.
Get masked string from string s.
Yield missing whitespace from a logical line.
Decode encoded_data and decrypt key.
Iterate over all test suites in a list of names.
Clear a feature from a recipient.
Returns a list of queues that can be queried from the queue_list. If
Load data from a stream.
Delete unjustified issues.
Return the path to the python inc directory for the current platform.
P_initializer_1 implementation of p_initializer_1
Decorator for catching database errors.
Clears the cache.
Delete a servicegroup server
Download a file from a url and return its filename.
Strips the default value from the argument if it exists.
Delete a port.
Returns the msec time in seconds.
Return a dict of network names and their associated networks.
Check if a module can be imported.
Return a list of all the globs in the current directory.
Returns True if the current line is the first line of the current state.
Find the difference between two files.
Print the current line number.
Convert an ascii format to a string.
Return a tuple of name1 name2 name3 name1 name2 name3 name3 name
Create a coin flip domain.
Get the date from the mail content.
Check if pkgin is installed.
Close the cherrypy session.
Given a list of keywords and a split text return a list of the combined keywords.
Last episode of a series.
Check the validity of a file name.
Returns a list of column names for the given filters.
Check if the named service is disabled.
Return the version information of the minion.
Clean test files.
Return the captured output as a string.
Returns True if the given name is a bucket instance.
Runs a statement in the context of the given globals and locals.
Convert a locale string to a language string.
Invalidate the cache for a star module.
Convert an IRC URI to a URI.
Processes an element node by derivation.
Main entry point for lint.
Get stack events.
Get the IP address of the LAN
Serialize an object to a pickled string.
Filters the lettuce_apps list from the settings. lettuce_app
Convert url to bytes.
Truncate the title to the maximum number of characters.
Find the edge that is missing from a graph.
Create a sum - probability distribution for the given number of samples.
Scan postfix submission line for postfix submissions.
Get social auth information for a user.
Register API routes for the given application.
Wrap fit_constrained_wrap.
Returns a dictionary of unknown bgppathattributeunknown attributes for the given path.
Delete a repository from the database.
Return a tuple of key - value pairs for a log match.
Check if the current system is a SmartOS Globalzone.
Filter registers to see if app_name is installed.
Get a distribution from a string or requirement object.
Check if a path is a mount point.
Remove a site from the system.
Parse the state value from the state string.
Refreshes the database from Zopper
Determine if the path should be included in exclude_patterns.
Uninstall a package if it is not installed.
Get a blockdevice volume.
Validate iterables.
Log out the user from the continue_url.
Get the command to execute if it exists.
Read a chunk of text from a file.
Get the chimeras of the fasta file specified by seqs_fp.
Check if the LDEV is valid.
Get a summary of the exit survey results.
Resolves the given code into a tuple of code and its spec.
quopri encodes input using quopri.
Checks if the given path is a directory that is not installed.
Return a set of all available distributions for flocker_source_path.
Remove a ban from a channel.
Get a single version from a module.
Get cubic path by begin and end points.
Get a list of candidate loops and their outputs.
Return the file descriptor of a file descriptor.
Get the created date of an account policy.
Check if the current user has a language set.
Test that overlap_slices raises a valueerror.
Check that the given text is a valid HTML document.
Set the value of a key in a service.
Normalize a path.
Run the poll hook.
Add a friend to a user.
Restore an integer value from a string.
Test that empty_history is correctly serialized.
List members of a group.
Create a formset.
Load user from bootinfo
Get the set of LUN IDs that are used for the given mappings.
Returns the current sharing strategy.
Divide f and g by p.
Momentcondunbound lagging boxed distribution.
Get git changeset from lru cache.
Expandhierarchy metadata.
Create a variable with weight decay.
Get monit status from a summary string.
Initializes the database if not already initialized.
Flag the given addon as a flag.
Send an email to the specified recipient list.
Reads a temporary iface and returns a list of ifaces.
Assert that the element at the given path matches the given text.
The missing docutils page for missing docutils.
Start tracemalloc thread.
Grant a privilege to a database.
Toggles the fullscreen state of the current window.
Send an update notification to an instance with state changes.
Find domain configuration files in the conf_dir.
Print a statement.
Create a thread.
Get the language code from the request.
Return a new hoprepository.
Generator that yields nvlist items from the list.
Virtual name of the library.
Generate an index page from a list of index links.
Get the number of votes for a given object.
Bind a floating IP to a device.
Initializes ansible_inv with ansible_local_init.
Fail if s is not a wolfe.
Clamp a point so that it is the norm of the point.
Test that outlines with comments on examples are ignored.
Moves the current frame in the stack. If move_up is True the current frame is
Create a new class.
Build a suite of test suites.
Generate a unique minion id.
Convert a list of namevalue lists into a dictionary.
Find the path to a Unix socket.
Return a dictionary of environment variables and their values.
Create a zfs storagepool.
Get a string from a buffer.
Generate a random id from a number.
Argmin op.
Apply a function to an expression or expression.
Get the current request.
Main entry point for the behave command.
Linear convolution.
Adds salt - auth headers to cherrypy session.
Generate a coinc matrix.
Sleep until sleep_time is less than sleep_time seconds.
Export Fedora2 data to Fedora.
csrf_exempt decorator for LTI Login and Complete view
Block shape of values.
Parse a line and return a tuple of line and bool.
Wrapper for multiprocessing. sharedctypes. rawarray.
Write string data to file.
Test bulk_insert_dictionaries.
Solve the 3D transform of points1 and points2.
Apply sls or highstate to a state.
Helper function to start a response.
Remove a tenant from a flavor access.
Hides a traceback from the stack.
Get a scanner object for the specified domain.
List available themes.
Generate sample indices.
Parse a patch message.
Evaluates the given model.
Extract all time results from a string.
Get the neighbor configuration for the specified neigh ip address.
Add inlinescript resources to the context.
Returns a list of all the variables and orthogonal variables i and o.
Check if text has mixed eol characters.
Get a parameter from a request.
Validates that a node addon is a member of a box folder list.
Insert twistportions into the interpolation.
Test that theano functions are equal to theano functions.
Test that ast_good is global.
Generate a legendre polynomial.
Return a list of shells.
Test blooming of test_logs.
Print connection information for switches.
Check if the password is locked.
Fix lib64 in pypy or pypy.
Returns a list of rectangular grids of the specified diameter.
Convert a file to a new name.
Iterate over all modules in the specified path.
Get the value of an integer property.
Get a template by name.
mode text_inp mode text_inp mode chan
Wrapper for system. volumes. get
Launches the core.
Uninstall a pecl class.
Override system resolver.
Check if value is a list or tuple.
Return a list of cpu online mappings.
Set absolute path of all modules in sys. modules.
Return a list of nodes preordered.
Split a list of deletes into two lists.
Check if a gcodetext is a string or a file is empty.
Create a small push directory.
Get a random color.
Find an image in the RAX server.
Choose a shard based on an instance.
Encode a certificate into a base64 - encoded string.
View a map.
Run the texttest suite.
Logs a user in.
Get a nginx configurator.
Return True if values are not equal.
norm_flat returns the flat norm of a.
Wait for a Scrub to be available.
Get the default secret key.
Get the validation set from the training data.
Parse a template string and return a dict.
List tags for a document.
Test that a continuous error is raised.
Send robots to static folder.
Draw a x - axis label for the given string.
If statement.
Returns the standard deviation of the values.
Test that the totodile of the media is the same as the totodile
Lint the output of a tool.
The water source controller.
Return expr with all subs of symbols in symbols.
Scan used functions in the example file and return a set of backrefs.
Get ssh configuration from ssh config file.
Example route for rendering a string.
Check the attributes of an extension class.
Uninstall one or more packages.
Return grains for locale information.
Opens an image document and returns it.
Clears the database environment.
Check if the user can change the dictionary for a project.
Concatenate video clips with time - mirrored clips.
Cleans up the database content.
Add basepre to base. calledbasepre
Parse a date delta.
Format a master configuration line.
Plot locations of dipoles and trans.
Train the TensorFlow model.
Add candidate items to results.
Set the command dimension of a p dictionary.
Given a list of matches and a command return a list of suggestions.
Read requirements from a requirements file.
Add a timeframed query manager to the model.
Get all packages for a given mirror.
Write the rules configuration to a file.
Fixture for locmemcache. delete_pattern
Run pylint. lint.
Runs a command and ensures that the specified container exists.
Read a file and return its contents as a string.
Generate x509 key and x509 certificate.
Get the revision for the current environment.
Get the content of a file.
Create a script for the specified virtual machine.
Returns a dictionary of all the stations in abom.
Check if a path is blacklisted.
Print the results of a query.
Convert a character to a unicode character.
Get the exclude string for a client directory.
Generate a URL for a resource provider.
Chgid a group
Return the current line number of the current frame.
Returns a list of composite indices for the specified application.
Set symmetricalloglocator parameters.
Recursively recieve a sequence of test functions.
Run a WSGI function in a WSGI environment.
Normalize GCE facts.
Returns a file - like object that can be used to read data from a file - like object
Create a topic rule.
Runs the main application.
Split all_issues into issues and pulls.
Evaluate the operator op_str using the standard operator op_str.
Get the physical constant value for a key.
Runs test_test_checks_alt_checker with the given capfd and
Get a list of complex polygons by startangle and endangle.
Return a dictionary with the data for a registered reg.
Enqueue a task to be executed.
Test repeatededited nearestesteighbours initialization.
Return True if obj is a scalar.
Generate a figure of the cost data.
Return the HTML for an exception traceback.
Convert a 2x2 block into a 2x2 block.
Skip a quteproc and wait for it to finish.
Test for add_store.
Extend linecache. cache with linecache. checkcache.
Runs the script and tests that the freeze_exclude_editable flag is True.
Add a pre save check to the list of pre_save_checks.
Set a default attribute on an object.
Return a qtgui. qcolor for an int color.
Top down a rule only once.
Check the server status.
Return True if ch is a character junk.
Parse synonyms from text.
Scale x to s in row s.
Test that the sextractor was the last column of the sextractor.
Get the last access time of a file.
Parse the output and return a dictionary of output values.
Get the S3A access key from the configuration file.
Ensure that other is a datetime - like object or an index object. If other is a scalar
Show standard icons.
Returns a list of all prospective topics.
Convert a command output string to a list.
Return a list of files from a list of packages.
Load a stored item from the cache.
Builds the resources for the given options.
Hook for soundcloud - user hook.
View configuration page.
Delete an IPsecPolicy.
Set the window size of a folder.
Draw landmarks on the image.
Return the result of the given load.
Return a list of all providers that are not loaded.
Assert that the href is a link to the nav help element and click the help element.
Open a fake file.
Generate a random sentence.
Assert that dict_data has the same columns and index as test_data.
Activate or deactivate a port select state.
Create eeg_el objects from a list of chs.
Get a router instance.
Squarquaring part of a function.
Round x to the nearest integer.
Returns True if obj is a writable file - like object.
Generate coordinates for each zoom in zooms.
Checks if the given address is a valid IPv4 address.
Write the output to a file.
Formats an object as an XML string.
Create a new scratch buffer.
Drop n elements from a sequence.
Return a copy of the environment with no coverage information.
Checks if the value is within the given range.
Limit the number of connected nodes to a maximum number of connected nodes.
Test for hsl_to_rgb_part_11.
Return the version of dpkg_deb.
Test the classes of a chart.
Fetch daylight hours for a given latitude and longitude.
Generator that yields a track for the given track_id.
Returns a tuple of boolean bool and str representing the virtual machine.
Returns the current time in seconds.
Return the dacrange of the given number of elements.
Generate a unique path for the given path.
Render a template and return a response.
Raise a variable error if the variable is not found.
Render markdown text.
Returns the value from the current timezone. If the value is not None the current timezone is used
Parse a date string from the OnBlog date string.
Execute a pshell command and return the result.
Whitespace before parameters.
Replace control characters with XML safe characters.
Make validation result from validation data.
Get a single instrument by id.
Kill all running containers.
Convert a font size to a unit size.
Test that heliocentrictrueecliptic heliocentrictrueecliptic is within the
Return the path to the plugins directory.
Split full_version_id into the server and version number.
Cleanup a database.
cmreestablishment request for cmreestablishment request.
Create a network from a record sensor.
Takes a list of choices and returns a list of choices.
Returns an edxrestapiclient. edxrestapiclient. edxrestapiclient
Canonicalize email addresses in changelog.
Initialize the resource manager.
Returns True if the label_flags has a level label with the given vmin.
Create an image from a list of files.
Verify a user s password against cleartext_pwd.
Returns a new repository with a new bottomrepository.
Output the header of the given text.
Get the current language for the current thread.
Escape a string for use in LDAP.
Watch locale for changes.
Get the path to the ros home directory.
Update ordered_po with ordered_update_ttk.
Check the status of a RCconf service.
Render a string view.
Convert a unicode value to a string.
Return the first matching file or None if the file does not exist.
Executes commands in parallel and returns a list of exit codes.
Unpickle a method.
Order a list of complex poles by conjugate.
Pad a string with a given length to the end of the string.
Check if the given path is a device.
Return the skewness of an iterable.
Get a valid working directory.
Convert a key to a string.
Test the status of all category links.
Given an IP address return a bracketed IP address.
Find the bootable volume for the specified server.
Create a cudandarray column type.
Autostart mobsf.
Calculate temperature from HASS temperature.
Given a function and a docstring return a dict of the parameters of the function.
Randomly split features into train and test sets.
Generate the recommendation data.
Checks that the number of fields in returned_expressions and snippeted_fields are within maximum
Expand links for dimension metadata.
Create a subscript node for a subscript.
Interpret stderr of an EMR bootstrap script.
Base64 encode a string.
Notifies the user that a list member has been added.
Test whether hide and hide_supppressed have changed.
Upload a file to the specified address and port.
Test that the projection angles are the same as the projection angles.
Create a HTTP request.
Drops all databases from the database.
Consume n items from an iterator.
Get the global settings for the webapp app.
Check that the given plugin is mono - check.
Reboot the server.
Check if the given name exists in the context.
Convert bytes to an ElementTree object.
Validate the throttle argument.
Create a status line for the progress bar.
Redirect to the specified path with the specified code.
Setup tellcore.
Create a backup.
Returns the arc distance between the given relativelocation and the given splitline.
Fetch an image.
popen wrapper for os. popen
Get default object values from file.
Get all the exploration summaries from a list of models.
Connect to cloud cdn.
Helper function to warn the given ierserr.
Get a file from a container.
Serialize obj to a string.
Convert a NDImage mode to a NDImage mode.
Write a tree diff to a file.
Convert a list of bytes to a bytestring tuple.
Convert an argument to a softmax.
Returns True if the symptom is comma - separated in the private key file path.
Check missing folders in a generic folder.
Create an XML stream for a component.
Encode a name and value pair.
Get system stats.
Update a user s follower.
Convert a list of key - value pairs into a dictionary.
Validates the given configuration object.
Gradient of sharedx and sharedx.
Convert a qualityio file into a qualityio file.
Update metadata for a record.
Generate a unique id for the given http response.
Get the list of interface addresses.
Parse an HTML page and return the parsed dbms.
Create a new user.
Return the absolute path to the given path.
Return True if the module is not found.
assert that tps is not the same as tps
itter to fit model parameters to fps.
Edit a ticket.
Analyzes a list of gens and returns a tuple of gens.
Clears the template info cache.
Return True if expr matches op on other.
Test for find_eog_events.
Return installed fonts.
Summarize a list of items.
Entry point for the glances main function.
Interpret the given alg with the given eps.
Set the global logrecord factory.
Add plugin files to menu.
Calculate the relative distance between two strings.
Test if the value is odd.
Convert from topo coordinates to sphere coordinates.
Return a double - nibble hex encoding of a sequence of bytes.
Return a lexer for the given mimetype.
Register a forward character event handler.
Create a linear initializer for a truncated truncated normal.
Decorator to skip commands that do not exist.
Gradient of expected energy with respect to expected energy.
Convert a string to a datetime. date object.
Test that xfail is bounded to infinity.
Unzip an archive into a temporary directory.
Test nextitem index error.
Create a new event.
Returns a list of targets that match the given build file.
Make a square image from a source image.
Return a relative path from start to path.
Check for changes in existing and modified attributes.
Join host string with user and port.
Load the compiler configuration from a JSON file.
Read a data file and return its status and data.
Return a tuple of boolean bool and str.
Add a label parameter to the registry.
Test that two model classes have the same shift shift and scale.
Return the latest version of the specified names.
Defines the scope for the inception parameter.
Print text in colored mode.
Scan egg_dir for stubs in stubs.
Generate a random filesystem label for the given test case.
Run sentry web server.
Return an iterator over all entrypoints in the specified namespace.
Get filters from a dictionary.
Format nodetext with optionstext.
Binary cross entropy.
Setup a light.
Logistic function.
Shortcut for test_shell_wrap_escapes_command
Return valid mine functions.
Fit a distribution distribution to a sample using the given distr.
Test reshape configuration.
Returns a sample of the given collection type and datatype.
Return a list of mdadm devices.
Add a breadcrumb tag that will be used for inclusion in a zinnia page.
Reads a random integer from a file.
Load settings from file.
Selects the k selected independents based on the fitness weights of the selected individuals.
Normalizes the path and returns the absolute path.
Convert a value to a t.
Get the state of an EBS volume.
Get a mediaplayer from a mediaplayer.
Get the model instance for the given pk.
Setup the cluster for the given nodes.
Create a dict with headers and add_headers_cb.
Delete a col from a column.
Scans all plugins and adds them to plugin_module_name.
Get user settings from username.
Get crafted text from text archive.
Check that the Qos spec combination is valid.
Generate a jit index for a given state.
Yields bare exceptions from the given logical line.
Return the most frequent value of an array.
Returns the current version of the server.
Monkey patch monkeypatch. setenv and monkeypatch. setenv to str_ and wait
Check if there are conflicts in unmerged.
Returns True if arr1 and arr2 have the same contents.
Load a markov model from a file.
Writes a colored text to a list of colors.
Temporarily silences sys. stdout and sys. stderr.
Test finder for priority nonegg over eggfragments.
Set default rcparams to rcfile defaults.
Convert a value to markdown.
Check if a pattern is a valid abd naming pattern.
Return a hash of the passwd for the given user and algorithm.
Rotate x by n bits.
Get the compiler used by the library.
Get a set of words from a dictionary of lemmas.
Return a directive that autohelps the directive.
Calculate the RMS squared of a ring.
Wrapper for getlumseriespr650.
Extend a list of spans by a specified number of years.
Return a socket that is already listening on the specified port.
Fail if the error occurred on the file to the filelinks.
Step 1a step.
Prompt the user to open a file.
Test requote URI with unquoted percents.
Get the metrics record for a given record.
Initialize the log module.
Get loopconvex of a polygoncomplex.
Format a cinder todo line.
Create an image tag.
Find all the fidducial files for a given subject in the given subjects_dir.
Return the label for the given task.
Convert a BSON object to a dictionary.
Notifies the user of an unfavorite event.
Filter a list of dictionaries based on a given search key and value.
Matches the input_string to a type.
Biesselate the data using the bessel function.
Check if a client is a master node.
Reboot a remote host.
p_expression_opt_2 is a wrapper for p_expression_opt_2
Format an allowed section.
Check if the user can lock a project.
Setup a switch.
Convert a datetime to a W3CTF string.
Get the top level images of the given imagedata.
Run pip when pip fails to install a previous build directory.
Return an ast. name with the given name.
Deletes the specified extra spec spec from the specified volume type.
Parse a header line and return a key - value pair.
Fails with a message.
Returns a list of all installed packages.
Returns a list of activity IDs subscribed to a user.
Return the Fresnelc_zeros of nt.
Copy volume glance metadata to a volume.
P_direct_abstract_declarator_5.
Check if the given arguments are valid paths.
Remove an interface from a BSD.
Push a push to a topic.
Check if a file is a tar archive.
Test cropping with maxwell convergence.
Send email when user changes email address.
Check if a device exists.
Check if an episode is in the show.
Test rotation angles of 3d rotations.
Validate a schema file.
Solve the RMS problem with the cosine and semileptonic semileptonic
Return the path to the configuration file.
Decode unicode objects.
Iterates over all services associated with an instance.
Recursively check all sourcecodes in a list of paths.
Test that advanced_inc_subtensor1 is the same as theano. gpuadv
Convert xywh boxes to xyxy coordinates.
Given a list of loops return a list of all outer loops.
Return AWS keys from environment variables.
Virtual version of X509 extension.
Parse a link id from a link object.
Convert a binary buffer to a VNI.
Return a file_dict with all the files in the specified packages.
Annotate text with textclip.
Return the context for the given model.
Fetch an image from disk or disk.
Return the relu of x.
Return a dictionary of language codes for a given type and name.
Guess the type of a field based on its type.
Initialize the bind completion model.
Get the path to the SSL certificate file.
Generate a colormap for the given color name.
Get a certificate.
Derive the id from a path.
Confirm password reset confirmation.
Find the review request object for the given review request id.
Parses a progress from a resource manager.
Make a compensator for the given info and coils.
Replace linebreaksbr with linebreaks.
Parse command line arguments and return a list of command line arguments.
Convert an integer to bytes.
Stop tracing the tracemalloc thread.
Complete linkage.
Manage the mode of a quota.
Return a list of lines that start with the specified name.
Test the validity of a feature from a string.
Show a message detail page.
Check if entry points are valid.
Replacement for pip that installs an editable svn repository.
Record the first event for a project onboarding task.
Add a file handler to the logging module.
Executes SQL delete and all queries in the database.
Join two paths together.
Deedify a string and add a process to the process manager.
Rename a process.
Initialize the database.
Extract a zip archive to targetdir.
Writes an incron file to the specified path.
Reads the deconvolution data from a HDF5 file and returns a list of
Generate an HTML output graph for the given node.
Convert a date object to a HTTP date string.
Convert mc to cum.
Install options_ssl if it doesn t exist.
Fixture for caching requests.
Log exception handler.
Decodes a string using the specified encoding.
Get the content of a file from a URL.
Fixture for enterprise_url.
Return True if string is an integer.
Convert a row to a polynomial.
Convert a string to UTF - 8.
Return available QingCloud sizes for the specified zone.
Decode a RFC2231 encoded string.
Deletes the specified qos spec.
Create a whitelisted function that unzips the specified file.
Validates the given configuration object.
Add basic options to opt_group.
Runs prepare_stdout and assert_output_outlines_success_colorful
Create https certificates.
Create a return url from a base url and query.
Convert a local path to canonical path.
Convert a reference to a keyvalue.
Default callback for callback zip.
List meters by project.
Load local variables from a file.
Returns a list of files with the specified filetypes unmodified gcode.
Temporarily disable updates disabled in a widget.
Add a bottom loop to the loops.
Setup the OCTOPRINT API.
Convert aware datetime to naive datetime.
Run a WSGI function.
Get the tp class for a temporalimp.
Load MNIST images from file.
Set the linestyle of the eventcollection to a single dash.
Simple tag for two parameters.
Dump a list of documents to a stream.
Create a prompttoolkithistory object.
Delete a draft from a user.
Test that the gaussiannb model has the same priors.
Delete a url from the cache.
Get active contexts.
Add a square to the pixeldictionary.
Parse add values from the command line.
Join a list of rows into a single string.
Redo the current project.
Collapse a list of addresses into a list of addresses.
Return the version number of nftables.
Redirect to wagtailadmin if the user has permission denied.
Test the state of a systemd state.
Add public keys to an SSH public key.
Return the jids for the given returner.
Remove all files that have been checked in by user.
Register inclusion_only_unlimited_args tag.
Assert that the generated context is equal to the expected context.
Regenerates the status of a pyconfig file.
Apply web specific fixes and fixes to the target font.
Get the image properties table from the migration table.
Return a list of all nodes in the cloud.
Convenience function to call vo_warn or vo_warn.
Quotes a string for use in shlex.
Writes the merged cells to the worksheet.
Setup the enoceanlight platform.
Check that all required module dependencies are present.
Validates that all users in local_site exist in local_site.
Inverse 2 - dimensional vectorized version of m.
Remove files older than mtime.
Install a Docker plugin.
Create a dataframe with expected data for factor computation.
Read a cache entry from a file - like object
Returns a dictionary of fields for the given model.
Expand a dictionary of dictionaries into a dictionary of dictionaries.
Return a dictionary of configuration options.
Add a song to the playlist.
Build a traversal traversal spec.
Perform a rocr100 operation on a dataset.
Check if a name is peered or not.
Build a base class object node.
List of threads for a forum.
Raises an exception if the environment variable is not set.
Remove a package.
Return the root directory of the analyzer.
Create a date from a list of ticks.
Send email confirmation email to a user.
Get the logical part of the source_lines.
Called when settings have been closed.
pytest. mark. parametrize decorator.
Insert paths into sys. path.
Convert an iterator to a table.
Return a Jinja2 environment object.
Renders a request and returns the best match for the response.
Test that the shifted sparktext is the same as the original one.
Returns a tuple of the string representation of the item and the last part of the string.
Return a dictionary of item field getters for all plugins.
Validate read preference tags.
Test that cascaded_cmp_with_partial_constants returns True if cascaded_
Serve a local file.
Renames a file or directory.
Authorizes the user to access the OAuth server.
Convert a string to unicode if possible.
Compile multiple pipelines.
Temporarily creates a script and writes it to a temporary directory.
Get a volume attached to an instance.
Returns True if the environment variable str_ is the same as the environment variable str_.
Close a Wift connection.
Split a git patch file into messages.
Return a list of Voronoi loops from inside to outside.
List launchd services.
Asserts that the path object is valid.
Return evennia version.
A shared task that sleeps the given amount of time.
Labeled statement 1.
Return the new derivative of the given element node.
Auto - model the doctype.
pagingrequesttype1 returns the pagingrequesttype1 packet
Test for get_locale_from_lang.
Show the differences between two commits.
Returns True if dn1 and dn2 are equal.
Disable a module and reload the service.
Returns platform string for distutils. util
Inversefisher z transform.
Test that the SVM kernels are the same.
Acquires a lock for the given pid_dir.
Get the last week dashboard stats for a user.
Get text feedback.
Create a new bookmark collection.
Gradient test for gradients.
Send a message to a recipient.
Display the data in a 2D image.
Start a TCP receiver.
Open a firewalld service.
Check if a directory is empty.
Get the URL for a marketing link.
Returns True if the test succeeds False otherwise.
Adds a user to the list of granted coursecreators.
Execute a SQL query and return a list of rows.
Entry point for the command line interface.
Get the value of a field in a string.
Temporarily capture the output of a stream.
Checkout the current branch.
Tag an image.
Update a quota class.
Wrapper for _get_object_or_404.
Return the version of the ceph library.
Collect all root paths from a list of paths.
Writes the output of the Skeinforge craft to a file.
Test adasyn with bad ratio.
Write a password to the server password file.
Verify that a submodule is present in a submodule.
Return a dictionary of usage information for unallocated keys.
Mocks a software POST with the specified headers and data.
Encode an object using bananafactory.
List all available bridges.
Get system username.
Split a string into a path and a file.
Process an elementnode.
Detect logos in a given path.
Checks if the given ip and port can connect to the given ip and port.
Generate gradients for the given values.
Uninstall flocker ubuntu.
Accept a locationupdatingaccept packet.
Return the current process.
Convert an image id to a glance id.
Load environment from config_path.
Handles a stream checkmail request.
Prune all directories that match the given path.
Extractallocations from JSON body.
Return the current Python compiler version.
Wait for the specified amount of time until the specified amount of time has passed.
Returns the number of parameter banks for the given device.
Returns whether or not the remote events are enabled.
Get the lastz value of each line in lineblock.
Encrypt text using SSH public key.
Ignore headers that are present in the request.
Shortcut for _aborter.
Signup an email.
Set the SDRAM frequency configuration settings for a given setting.
Update the index of a unit.
Add flaskbb plugins.
Cross entropy softmax1hot with biasdx.
Generate code for pwnstallergenerateutilsh.
Load an ipython extension.
Test if subset contains superset.
Return the active log format for the specified log format.
Convert a mpl_symbol to a string.
Inherit the nomination from the addon.
Check for copyright.
Main output thread.
Add local classes to node node2.
Returns a list of fieldsets that should be included in the review request.
Authorized HTTP endpoint for the given credentials.
Process the ETag response.
Run a job in the jobstore.
Partition a dictionary into a set of keys and a difference.
Return a list of data files for vendored data files.
Create a Java FIFO target for a java library.
Deactivate all translations.
Convert a list of colors to RGB255.
Get the response body for the given data format and data dictionary.
Find the minimum score in a list of scores.
Given a list of relationships return a list of word relationships.
Delete a task.
Returns the size of the entry in bytes of the specified type.
Returns True if the given text has ajaxcrawlable meta.
Parse a resource info dict into a list of schema fields.
Perform a smart text encoding on a promise or a promise.
Returns a copy of the current session configuration.
Convert a Qemu format to a Qemu format.
Clean up assets.
Return a copy of the global config keys.
Get the unicode stream of the specified file.
Synchronize email addresses for a user.
Find an executable in the given path.
Get tags from EC2 instance.
Create wx. EmptyImage with piltowx
Invalidate the star import cache for the specified path.
Get the number of connected devices.
Check if a symlink exists.
Get the largest inset loop from a given loop.
Bump the current version.
Configure the registered mappers.
Invert an image.
Verify that all views have been verified.
Choose a number of lines from a source string.
Return True if array is a sparse array.
Returns True if the named service is disabled.
Queues the tabs for interactive mode.
Updates the metrics for the Google Analytics search.
Get the filesystem size.
Manage firewall configuration.
Generate a unique variable for a pattern.
Iterate over all modules in the specified directory.
Get information about the block device.
Set copyright credits and license.
Return the var_count_error string.
Create a tasklist extension.
Return True if val is a boolean.
Convert a gray list to a binary string.
Returns a descriptor system that can be used to create a test descriptor system.
Add a list of paths to the list of paths that can be used to search for a directory
Check if the given object is allowed to be owner of the given object.
Interpret the size of si.
Decorate a function to provide metadata.
Set the DHCP DNS for the specified iface.
Get a specific user for the current user.
Get the content type of a request.
Convert datetime to epoch ns.
Return True if x and y are equal in cryptovariable equality.
Read a user choice.
Parse a tcp line and return a dict of ip addresses and ports.
Get the generator and prime for a given kexalgorithm.
Returns an encryption oracle object for the specified secret name.
Remove all files from the virtualenv and project folders.
Determine the user agent to use.
Rebuild wiki document.
Test for regression future times.
Generate random text.
Setup sudoers.
Compare two constant time values.
The main entry point for the github CLI.
Format a string value with the given argument.
Get the full path to the test file.
Calculate the average weight of a path.
Choose from xmodules from entry_points.
Decodes a thumbnail from the given tup dict.
Main entry point for the script.
Instrumented task decorator.
Get quote by nick and channel.
Undefer a deferred or deferred.
Test glcontext capabilities.
Extract reverse primer sequences from a mapping file.
Convert a list of language names to a dictionary of language codes.
Pastes the specified text into the specified plugin.
Return a rwx string for the specified mode.
Migrate groups.
Return the string representation of a file or None if the file is not a string.
Create a role.
Returns True if obj is a writable file - like object.
Test flattener layer state separation for softmax
Attempt to discover a component on the WBEM server.
Processes a group event.
Raise an attributeerror with the given option and expected.
Return a function that auto - translates the given name to the specified dialect.
Remove a service or check from a module.
Setup plugin options for livestreamer
Get looplayers set a copy of an element node.
Fill the rc_object with sample data.
Get the valuestring for a local attribute value string.
mobify an image
Test that table_type is initialized with multidim ndarrays.
Initialize the plugins.
Returns a list of all the serials in the storage2 file.
Modify a profile.
Returns the current user if it is authenticated otherwise none.
Backup an application to GCS.
Add a test result to skipped list.
Create a new subsystem instance for the specified subsystem type.
Locks the lock.
Generate java test coverage flag.
Get the value of a key.
Delete an image property.
Delete a logger.
Strip ANSI escape sequences from text.
Return a tuple of the shapelist of a.
Connects to the ssh server and connects to the specified host.
Set the data directory to use.
Runs the screensaver on the system.
Check the status of a device.
Bootstrap a bot.
Start a new node on the cloud.
Migrate a task to another queue.
Select bracket plugin.
Main entry point for the script.
This function is called when the download specify implementation of pip is used. It tests that the
Get the distance between the lines of a list of paths.
Color - difference between two strings.
Get the location of an object.
Show an error message.
Fit sample of edited nearest nearest neighbour eigenvectors.
Tests the number of ORM columns for the specified customer.
Display a binary IP address.
Start the engine.
Given a list of segmented topics return the set of top IDs that are present in the
Recursively merge dicts into base_items.
Convert RGB to HSV.
Initialize a test.
Test the format config for htmlformatter.
Returns a list of path traversals for the given path.
Getcrafted text from text.
Get a flavor by its ID.
Serializes an object to JSON.
Install a broken wheel from a broken wheel.
Add a new group.
Return a dict of cpu times.
Describe cache clusters.
Skip encodings that are supported by ip_supported_encodings.
Ensures that the configuration is consistent with TLS 1. 0.
Get all resources that have been sampled.
View function for resetting password.
Validates the methods in plugin_base_class are in plugin_klass.
Set a ctid or name in a container.
Create a CSR for the given domains.
Get the os_id for the given uname_func.
Iterate over all datasets in the given deployment.
Get the dependencies of the driver.
Parse a JSON response.
Set the state of a package.
Tries to run the specified functions on the specified object.
Convert text to unicode.
Enables theming of mako templates.
Load a JSON document from a file.
Return True if the key is optional or none.
Convert a coordinate to an action.
Run ifconfigtest on all hosts.
Get the disk bus for the specified disk device.
Setup scsgate switches based on config.
Create a widget object for the given widget_name.
Pretty print any object.
tanh computes the tanh of x
Return a simple string representation of a matrix.
Replace unnamed groups in a pattern with a new pattern.
Check if a directory is a theme directory.
Get the helixcomplexpath for the given helix type and elementnode.
Check if a module is loaded.
Call a function with the given arguments.
Check if a temp file exists.
Get a role by name.
Move srcfile to destfile.
Find the first occurrence of func in iterable.
Convert a version object to an incremental version object.
Locate an optional filename in the specified searchpaths.
Execute a command.
Formats the given value as a file - size format.
Yield postfixes from a sequence.
Returns a list of profilers matching the filter data.
Check if cuda is available.
Collect all objects and return a dictionary of all objects.
Returns the maximum value of a dataset.
Generate a random array of given shape.
Return a requests session object.
Returns True if the user has permission to access the specified document.
Returns a list of enabled quotas.
Create an output object from the given stdout.
Create a new domain.
Get an attribute from an object.
Generate a hash for the given content.
Read a file and return its contents.
Test reset in length.
Return the argument spec for retrying.
Returns the plurality of a list of objects.
P_unary_expression_3.
Save a model to the database.
Return a dict representation of an ANOVA object.
Set up intfoptions.
Estimate the log - likelihood of a set of observations.
Given a key and a sequence return the k most frequent elements in the sequence.
Initializes the comparison process.
Make a query from a query.
Return a list of infos for the current user.
Check that the api_version is a valid major version.
Return the minimum value of the copula.
Processes an element node by its derivative.
Parse a header string and return the key and value pairs.
Search for a LXC bridge.
Reraises a new exception or class.
Subscribe to a document.
Returns True if the system is running under virtualenv False otherwise.
Parse html parser trace data.
Test meshdata consistency.
Resolve patterns path.
Get an inventory from the environment.
Compute the targets for the given overlaps.
Return a string representation of x or None if x is None.
Set the current state of a VLCMP mux.
Encode a string using base64.
Add a command to the tracklist.
Casts a list of params to the specified schemas.
Create a docker client.
Perform a trial using multiplicity.
Returns True if the requested fields include a profile image.
Delete a folder.
Decode a cookie.
Demonstrate nltk.
Iterates over all testcases in a suite.
Get the protocol to use.
Delete documents from an index.
Check that no log audit log matches the given logical line.
Runs pip and asserts that the script has a bad option.
Generate a map of mtimes for all files in path_map.
Get a list of testcases for a given package and mask.
Copy stat from src to dst.
Write a zone configuration file.
Shortcut for the view function.
Download a file if it doesn t exist.
Normalize a URI.
Return a sorted list of color names.
Return the lower case of a string.
Assert that the number is the same as num_.
Persist a value to a config file.
Detect the distro of all registered probes.
Add a check or check to a module.
Pretty print a Python object.
Return a list of all rising items for the given omit_sr_ids.
Create credential resolver.
Get the name of the user field for a profile.
Strip variants from an address.
Convert a language string to a locale string.
Update localsiteprofile. objects with the current review count.
Validate a file against a validationannotator.
Test that html_rendered_properly renders a message.
Convert an internal date string to a time tuple.
Construct a camel - case string from the given environment.
Remove a sender from the pool.
Merge multiple sequences into one.
Convert a 2D array to a 2D array.
List the download URLs for all BtSubTasks in the lixian query.
Remove version from href.
Send notification for notification when a notification is received after an invoice purchase.
Verify a file against a verifier.
Setup the Flask app.
Contextmanager that restores the warnings state of the given module.
Encode unicode_data for the given encoding.
Returns True if the polarity of the string s is less than threshold.
Set the amount of idle time until the computer sleeps.
Parse the repos in the module.
Return True if the environment variable str_ is a local run.
Returns a list of users filtered by filter_data.
Return a pretty version of Linux release.
Ensures that the S3 instance requires membership.
Flatten a nested dictionary.
Get the default profiles image URLs.
Reverse a dictionary.
Match a list of keys with a prefix.
Return a stream of local proxy streams.
FFT out chunks for a given axis.
Return a function that returns the number of lines that match the specified string.
Remove a configuration file.
Returns True if the group_id_or_name is the same as the group_id
Given a list of events return a boolean indicating whether or not all events have been returned.
Get a list of messages from the server.
Transpose x inplace.
Makes a permission config key for a view.
Prompt for admin cookie.
Parse a machine string into a tuple.
Returns a range of integers between start and end inclusive.
Get the style value for the specified key in the xmlelement.
Add a commandlet to the p dictionary.
Given a role name describe its policies.
Record the usage of a ratelimit.
Move tables from src_manager to src_manager.
Verifies that a and b are the same.
Return the version number of the installed version number.
Append data to the end of the file.
Duplicate the square root part of a finite field.
Return the latest package name.
Convert a path to lower case.
Cancel a card hold.
Return the name of the virtualenv.
Create a new lock if it doesn t exist.
Create an assignment tag with unlimited arguments.
Entry point for the command line interface.
Test that pip installrequirement is already satisfied by the latest version of the installed package.
Set the hostname of the daemon.
Get a dictionary of daemons flags.
Derivative of the iqr function.
Stub verify function.
Get an item from a collection.
Prepare the APT for execution.
Convert a search torrent to JSON.
Compute the percentile of a using the given interpolation.
Check if a is sorted as ascending.
Spawn a child thread to load a lockfile.
Get a validator by name.
Get libvirt credentials.
Return the current version of vtk.
Returns the value as a positive integer.
Setup knxiptunnel.
Block reduction.
Returns the zone with the given name or None if no zone is available.
Render a piece of PEPA440 into a string.
List all available designs for a user.
Base64 encode a string.
Create a new database.
Calculate the stenergy entropy of a frame.
Process an XML element by manipulation function.
Get the standby timeout values for the specified scheme.
Remove a file or directory.
Validate that the value is not blank.
Decorator to set the output type of a voidptr function.
Clip read data into seq and qual.
Connect to cloud monitoring endpoint.
Find a healthcheck that matches the given wanted.
Generate test files for a set of audio files.
Wake a flow from a session.
Get version data for a given url.
Returns the platform token for the given os module and platform.
Parse a tformat string and return the repeat format and option.
Get a content item from the database
Build a graph from a list of files.
Connect to Facebook.
Run x11 on a node.
Rounds a number up to ndigits digits.
Returns True if distribution is a ubuntu distribution.
Renders the critical checks snippet.
Add a playlistinfo command to the playlist.
Normalize a column so that it is the median of the median.
Install requirements files in the addon_path.
Load an application from a file.
Configure cloudpipe.
Create a datetime. datetime object from a year month day hour minute and second.
Returns a list of tracks for the given track ID.
csrf_exempt handler for roles
Check if the driver is compatible with the given interface.
Make sure that the slugify method is unicode_str.
Get the cache for the current session.
Return the solrctl path.
Reexecs sys. executable with updated modules.
Configure oslo logger.
Uninstall before upgrade from a URL.
Filter badreleases in a name.
Get the image for a given vm
Returns True if all shows with the given name have the same name as the given normalized name.
Find the stored ticket for a given bridge.
Return True if the expression is a square root expression.
Convert a parsed URL into a dictionary.
Generate RST files for a directory.
Get the backup files for the given backup_info.
Return True iff u is negative for dmp_ground_lc
Compute the basis for a set of rings.
Clears the jinja2 caches.
The newline token.
Get the preview image for the given preview object.
Return a new style for an element.
Track an event for a bookmark.
Get the installer for the specified module.
Get the location from the context.
blur a Gaussian image
Automatically imports a module and returns the docstring of it.
Returns a dictionary containing the full name of each record in record_ids.
Test format priority of pip output.
Counts the number of elements that differ from actual and expected.
Load a PyOpenSSL certificate.
List all the snapshots in the specified domain.
Get the argument specification of a function.
Get all roles for a user in the database.
Setup all the modules in the app.
Returns the makesandboxonprod response string.
Euclidean distance.
Get all user attempts for a given ip address.
Get absolute number from season and episode.
Find the ISO SR reference for the given session.
Exports the list of supported languages to a JSON file.
Ensure node licenses exist.
View an account.
Polynomial derivation of a polynomial.
Flip the orientation of the image.
Cancel primitive b and c.
Return a dictionary of swap memory for the current process.
Update the ssl config with the values from the opts dict.
Given a nt URI return the short name of that URI.
Execute a command and return a dictionary of command - line options.
Remove all UUIDs from the database.
Validate handlers.
Finds the kernel for the given path.
Create a socket and connect to it.
Load statsmodels data.
Create a file at the specified path.
Create a dssp dictionary from a PDB file.
Calculate the chuang - f3 of a single individual.
Get a Secretsmanager for the current user.
Split a string into a key - value pair.
Return True if the environment is virtual.
Ensure a directory exists.
Return the bounds of a list of sizes.
Translate a matrix.
Rename a key.
Start viewer.
Return a doctestsuite that can be used as a test suite.
Convert an RGB color to 256.
Decode an address into a hex string.
Instruments a class and registers it with the registry.
Main entry point for the program.
Get disk size of a Linode
Main entry point for ovs - integration.
Uploads a report summary to the report store.
Check if the given octet is the same as the given octet.
Run op_to_evaluate on feed_dict.
Recursively calculates the difference between two functions.
Automatically promotes the latest release to the latest version.
Aiohttp client mock.
Create a cloudpipe.
Create a directory structure if it doesn t exist.
Get a storage connection.
The index function for the login page.
Handles the activity of a post.
Request a layer from a configuration.
Add a crossfade command to the protocol.
Write data to a file.
Generate a random asset metadata.
Run binskim on the specified bin.
Returns the number of followers of the current user.
View a user s contacts and modules.
Populate collectors in the specified directory.
Walk all modules in the specified path and return a list of modules.
Given a field name and a model model return a label for that field.
Test that the ncr object is not a valid ncr object.
Authenticate to the minion.
Return a list of items that are not equal to item.
Check if a namespace is visible.
Given a heightgrid return a list of all raised heightgrid elements.
Return the div operator.
Serves a directory browser.
Set the timezone for the minion.
Return the bugreport for the current application or the current application.
Jump to previous window.
Exponential power of a by n.
Get SVN revision from file.
Entry point for the command line interface.
Returns a function that tracks a student s event for a task.
Reverse a view.
Mkfs wrapper for _mkfs.
Return list of all mock games in path.
Returns a list of valid domains.
Verify that all axes have unique indices.
Get a virtual interface by instance uuid and network id.
Get resources on service clients.
Return the absolute path to the given relative path.
Auto - complete the queryset.
Check if the complete path is the same as the complete path.
Find the disk for the given virtdom.
Encodes the given image into a list of images.
Concatenate url with args.
Returns the status of the given login token.
Assign a random topiccategory to a resource.
Install a bootstrap package.
Write a fake ring to a file.
Prints the animals if they are in the animals list.
Test for RZ.
Initialize parameters for a F layer.
Generate a list of projects in the specified path.
Get the tagname of an element.
Create a filter for the given task.
Create a spyder action.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of b in a
Parse a signed request and return the data.
Merge a mapping or list into a new mapping.
Decorator for producer functions.
Return the absolute path of the given path.
Convert a graph to an edgelist.
Check to see if the quota is exceeded. If not raise an exception.
Patch an exploration search document to the index.
Auto - up the previous history or previous completion.
View function that returns a list of locations for the current user.
Get the icotris of a grade.
Set parameters for the loglocator.
Break a simple subtext into a parentscore and parentkey.
Return the encoded hash of the given SHA.
Main thread for bufferrecv.
Return a generator of unstopped tokens from the token stream.
Create a WSGI resource.
Returns a set of words that match the given page.
Check if the doc has controller permissions.
Add query parameters to the query string.
Register corrupted bytes in a string.
Smart path for given string.
Clean up a caffe classification network.
Return a list of paths from a list of items.
Summarize a string.
Find the path to a migration repository.
Test video embedding.
Stop dumping processes.
Round a rectangle to a given size and radius.
Get a hold pattern from a line.
Repair the central directory with the central directory signature.
Update an image.
Get the fieldinfo for the given model.
Calculates the fitness and quality of a mime type.
Get the block overrides for a given CCX.
Verify the checksum of a buffer.
Generate a discrete sequence.
Create an SMTP rule.
Returns a human - readable time string for the given number of seconds.
p_pointer_3 - > p_pointer_3
Filter lines_enum according to skip_requirements_regex.
Create a new wrapper for the given model.
Generate a unique id for the given user.
Decorator for keypair show commands.
Modify tags of a node.
Returns a string or bool_ depending on whether or not the LDAP server is enabled.
Create a new node
Extension for Sphinx extension.
Rule for mw_info.
Returns the goal of the S3 REST controller.
Convert a multidict to a dictionary.
Bind a context to an account.
Wrapper for _minimize_trust_ncg.
Return the CX oracle request string.
Get a set of client urns that have a certain duration.
Get a value from mylist or default.
Permute a list of lists
Test shared float32 constructor.
Loads a vmodel from a file.
Get the clipped looppath from a clip and looppath.
Kill the old process.
L1 norm of a tensor.
Encode a list of items using urllib. urlencode.
Write an external book rel to the document.
Get the divmod function of x and y.
Mask events with a mask.
Prints the nands.
Return a boolean boolean and string representing the virtual environment.
Write data to a file.
View function that returns the spam dashboardhistoricalstats.
Add a collarshaft to the derivation for the specified collarthickness.
Convert a slug to a lower - case slug.
Executes the old_plan with the new_plan.
Create a new node.
Validate a stringlist.
Return the local resource URL for the given block.
Get the current language node.
Convert a list of int64 features into a featurelist.
Tracker for null error messages.
Create a new clientlog url.
Get the Carving from an XML parser.
Returns a list of human - readable labels for the given synsets.
Splits the surds of an expression into a list of surds.
Finds the maximum number of occupancy nodes in dir_list that is larger than the maximum number
Compute the rosen hessian of x.
Remove tags from a value.
Check if a device is a valid partition.
Move srcfile to destfile and symlink to destfile.
Make a rowkey scan for a given meter.
Get an instance tag by instance uuid.
Get the configuration for the backend.
Find the notifier for a given property.
Returns a list of snippets for the given filename and functionname.
Create a new course in the module store.
Lift a func_ir into an lifted loop.
Get the version number of a file.
Return the hash of all open subtitles in the given path.
Lookup the CNAME for the given domain.
Setup ourusps platform.
Run the salt spm command
Get the address of an organisation in a row.
Check that exclusive options are valid.
Add a node to the cluster.
Return information about a certificate.
Create a new signing keyset.
Return a tuple of bool and str.
Record the result of an exchange operation.
Test root mean absolute error for root mean absolute error.
Fixture for readline. readlinebridge.
Add serializer errors to field_errors dictionary.
Build a mapping from initiator to target_wwns to target_wwns.
Change the name of a command table.
Return a cache finder for the given import path.
Get the lut accurate for a given value x.
Download a file from an origin to a destination.
Add a user to the account.
Create a list of slices from start to stop.
Remove prefix from a if it starts with prefix.
Create a named temporary file.
Load multiple databases.
Get the most recently published pep pages.
Returns a list of lists that cross multiple sequences.
Unpack a string into a caveat and polished version.
Fork a process from a list of arguments.
Orthogonal symmetrized symmetrizer.
Detach a volume.
Read a directory and return a list of all the coil points.
Generate a secret using a random base64 - encoded secret.
Returns a new repository with a smooth repository.
Create a string buffer.
Get the number of signals times times and times of the data.
Display the module name.
Return a formatted traceback for the given exception.
Builds a list of matching conditions for the given doctype.
Get information about a specific SRID.
Sanitize the redirect_to argument.
Precompute st windows.
Calculate the average precision of the precision of y_true and y_score.
Clear the frappe cache.
Create a new group.
Returns the linear roots of f.
Create a diff between two objects.
Get the speed limit for the API config.
Set the date number from a string in the info object.
Return True if obj is hashable False otherwise.
Return a list of all available extensions.
Show options for the user.
Convert an item to a variable.
Parse the remainder of the command line arguments.
Build the text source for a wedge.
Parse a trusted root path.
Print help for all available commands.
Create a new package in the given project.
Request a job run.
Get the style of a node.
Query a thing by thing_id and name
Get the alias for the given class.
Returns the squared difference between x1 and x2
Parse a SQLAlchemy table schema value.
Return a string representation of the specified ACL.
Return a list of popular URLs.
Commits the connection to the database.
Iterate over all Windows services.
A dataset that follows a user.
Get the status of a given vm_state and task_state
Delete a project.
Get the temporary directory for the Galaxy test.
Returns a sorted list of disabled services.
Test that django_util. render_injected can be used to inject the content into a
Set the gid of the current process.
Destroy an instance.
Build an api_version directive that returns the api_version.
Returns a list of path names.
Return the full path to the makefile.
Technical 500 500 response.
Generator that yields a sequence of integers.
Collapse a soap envelope into a soap envelope.
Cleanup the test database.
Flatten a nested dictionary.
Return a safe sequence of unicode objects.
Return package data as a dictionary.
Register a Swig library with the blade.
Convert a string to a format dictionary.
Returns a list of loops in descending order of area.
Unescapes doctests in text.
Filter public email addresses.
Generate a UUID from a namespace and name.
Switches the current request to the specified name.
Replace options in rep_doc with values in opts.
Default tax handler.
Measure a list of tables.
Read a git head and return it as a string.
Convert a stts dictionary into a Penntreebank object.
Removes all occurrences of remove from text.
Update the status of the parent communication type.
Groups the tokens in tlist using the group_tokens method.
Returns the minimum of two complexes.
Massage metakeys from a dictionary.
Sample a function from a file.
Command line interface for songlist command.
Stop a service.
Validates that an update is valid for updating.
Copy or rename a transcript.
Check if the given name matches the given safe characters.
Set global http wrapper.
Return data from the server.
Check the command line arguments.
I18n extraction decorator.
Returns a new repository with a widen repository.
Return the version tag for the current version.
Writes the output of the Skeinforge craft to a file.
Ensure that the named cluster is present.
Send a signal to the device.
Dedent the initial part of a string.
Get a client and key for a given server.
Get a manager class from a django engine.
Show an instance of a registered provider.
Get a random cron date time.
Contextmanager that runs the contextmanager in a contextmanager and then stops the profiler.
Create a temporary file and return the prefix of it.
Instrumented task to check auth identities.
Filter out all gens that have a free symbol.
Find the host that matches the given host_ref.
Compare a list of optimizers with a list of optimizers.
Service all the messages in the lane.
Create a deferred class for the given model and attrs.
Unpack a CLI argument into a value.
Split digest authentication data into a list of values.
Tests that sobel_h is vertical.
Update an instance in the database.
Validate a config dictionary.
Returns True if the requesting_user can access self blocks.
Return a boolean and a string representing the virtual state of the Python module.
Runs the test harness to test the output of jsonreport.
View for assigned orders statuses and filters.
Check if the contents of the file_contents is a valid AST.
Cleans a multiline string from a multiline string.
Validate that the skipna argument is valid with the skipna parameter.
Return a string representing the namespace of t.
Test that the length of the bootstrap function has the same length as the length of the bootstrap function
Copy volume glance metadata to a snapshot.
Return a dict of mounts.
Return information about a BTRFS device.
Tests that deep bases win over independents are not equal.
Get the platform to use for the build.
Process an XML element.
Return a dict of the fields that have changed on the same fields.
Check that the given path has the given size.
Get the details for an ETag.
Store a new signing keyset for the given secret.
Get the transferclosestsurroundingloop from the remainingsurroundingloops.
Create a deferred property for a set of columns.
Write unpaired read data to XML file.
Generate a list of page toc dicts.
Open a file and return the name of the file.
Compile pattern using re. compile.
Get the version number of a given BCE address.
tuplize a dictionary into a single dictionary.
Create a new user.
Test that the managed file mode is kept.
Returns True if the provider is configured.
Get all ancestors of a given pe_id.
Test cookies. cookiejar initialization.
Decrypt data using aesmodeofoperation.
Load the results_dir_tarball from the results_dir_tarball.
Get the outgoing URL for the given url.
Get all comments.
Split a list into n - sized chunks.
Moves the list of unblocked entries to the blocked list.
Process a bitmap file and return a header string.
Demangle a name to a directory name.
Calculate the congestion control packet.
Return the interface name for the given host.
Calculate the GC content of a sequence.
Creates a security group rule.
Return a list of provider URI rewrites for the given providers.
Safely join a base path and a list of paths.
Return the q of the codon_lst in codon_table.
Given a mime type and parsed media ranges return the fitness and quality of the media.
demographic controller for s3
Add two dictionaries by key.
Check if a subdomain is present in the environment.
Check if all tenant names are present in search_opts.
Decrement any value in tup by num_
Contextmanager for use with mode.
Scatter plot of a three - dimension scatter.
Raises a value error with non - 2dim elements.
Draw a rectangle with the specified color.
Send text to a backend.
Asynchronously alarm the job.
Test the function of ge1p10.
Get a photometer by name.
Associates an IP with a fixed pool.
Add commands to menu.
Check if the data matches the given LRC check.
Make a paginated API response.
Setup the coordinator driver.
Return grains for gpu data.
Set use_select to False to disable select.
Test that lettuce imports an exception is raised.
Returns the path to the data directory for a component.
Disassociate a stagekeyslist from an API key.
Transform an exponential de with respect to x.
Open a local file or a local file.
Compare a value with a version.
Returns True if the plot is interactive False otherwise.
Attach custom attributes to issue.
Get the script name from the WSGI environment.
Search for sprot proteins in text.
Create a new frappe site.
Encode text using maximalpercentencode.
Returns a list of recommendations for a given user.
Receiver for user_pre_save signal.
Given a play object and a dict of player IDs return a dict of player stats.
Get client options.
Get the overlapspan of the given element node.
Return the x - axis label for the given epoch axis.
Main entry point for the HTTP server.
Get the default timezone.
Convert a base URI to a relative URI.
Remove a str element from the config.
Demonstration of meetinglink.
Get the reference to a virtual machine by its name.
Load a gradient boosting model from a pickle file.
Sends a confirmation email to a preregistration user.
Performs a Wikipedia search and returns the results.
Return a list of registered rapidsms handlers.
Map xfs_dict to mkfs_option.
Validates that the field_data is unique to the field_data.
Expand variables p into a string.
Ensures that the specified attribute exists in the context.
Pre - prediction function.
Get the synopsis of a module.
Checks if a short number is a possible phone number for the given region.
Temporarily disable sys. excepthook when the contextmanager exits.
Detect the OS family of the device.
Normalize brightness error between two images.
Redirects the user to the specified number of times.
Return a branch of the results.
Obtain device type from model.
Return a list of keyword arguments for a function.
Test operator export
Returns True iff f contains a softmax operator.
Updates the viewer with the given data.
Process an element node by its derivative.
Convert a string to bytes.
Determines if a module should be skipped.
Send an email to a list of recipients.
Test that will not fix the case.
Combine audio clip left and right.
Install gtk2reactor.
Convert text to bytes.
Decorator for register. to_end_tag
Return a slice of obj from a to b.
Source tmux files.
Create an artifact for the given entity.
Login a user.
Ensure that the named email address is absent.
Delete a scan.
Returns a list of transferredsurrounding loops from insides that are inside the loop.
Fetch inventory data from the server.
Returns a list of the most popular groups.
Return the network io counters for the specified interface.
Convert a string to a unicode string.
Convert path to unicode if necessary.
Get the version number from the version file.
Return the current version of distutils.
Create a subprocess object from a command line.
Load a certificate from a path.
Returns True if original is out of date or if derived is older than original.
Return a list of users in the MySQL database.
Evaluate the given space using the given hp_assignment.
Show the details of a snapshot.
Returns True if restart freeze is enabled.
Generate a symmetric polynomial.
farray wrapper around carray. carray
Twips a value.
Takes a list of tags and returns a dict of tags that can be formatted in a PROP
Get the current language node.
Get epochs from raw file.
Get base64 encoded html5zip from url.
Get the elem at the given rank.
Extract snmp value from snmp_data.
Validate that value is a string.
Return an iterator for a GPI document.
Generate protogo source.
Fail if textutil. template_substitute_text_with_multiple_times
Update a group type.
Create or get an address if it doesn t exist.
Given a line of text return a tuple of the first character and the last word of the line
Prepare keyword arguments for a list request.
Get akaslanguages from a movie.
Main entry point for the command line interface.
Asserts that the current directory is in the current directory.
Check if the given url has an explicit scheme.
Asserts that the runnable step fails.
Setup logging for the specified product.
Quote a URL for use in URLs.
Redirect to default location.
Return the dot - mavproxy path for the current environment.
Convert an EC2 volume ID to an EC2 volume ID.
XOR two bytearrays.
Find a file in a path.
Looks for all objects and exits in the client.
Compares the expected media types to the expected media types.
Pretty print a fulltext sentence.
List all runners in a module or modules.
Disassociate a profile from an instance profile.
Create a litecoin hook.
List all profiles in a directory.
Delete a metadef property.
Add an application with a volume to the node state.
Return a boolean boolean and a string representing the virtual environment.
Check if an agent is a bggyua agent.
Expand variables in a path.
Recreate all instances in a mig.
Returns a list of all bear names.
Base64 length of a string.
Base58encode a string.
Resize the instance and delete the instance.
Validates a password against a set of password validators.
Test for success junit test cases.
Return a stubborn dictionary from a list of dictionaries.
Return the identity of an object.
Checks if the user can assign an article to a staff user.
Caches the function signature for the given string.
List all tables in a dataset.
Show a key in the database.
Setup the Simplisafealarm platform.
Get the path of a module or module.
Given a physical line return the maximum length of the line.
Fetch a URL and return its content.
Replace variables in a string with a default.
Test that there are no standard library collections.
Kurtosis function.
Get course by id.
Start the babysitter server.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the environment is virtual.
Initialize the master working set.
Injects a net into the filesystem.
Copy local config file to mobsf_home.
Create TPs for a given number of columns.
Test the schema of a service.
Test that features in current_directory are in inner_directory.
Convert a hyperexpand function to meijerg.
Check if a path is in a list of loops that are not in the loops that
Check if method exists in estimator.
Create a random byte string from bytes.
Execute a SQL query and return the result.
Installs nodejs from source if it is not already installed.
Return the part of x.
Get the size of a stream.
Set the configuration parameters for the HW - VLAN host backend.
Clone a repository.
Check redundant virtual lines.
Run tscript test.
Searches for all folders in the account and explores them.
Create a multiprocessing pool.
List all the incrontabs for a user.
Initialization list 1.
Loads the example module from an example module.
True if the Tk type is a quartz string.
Convert a list - like object to a timedelta - like object.
Convert a boolean value to a bitarray.
Return a summary of the alignment.
Pad logits and logits into 3D labels.
Returns a list of coefficients where each coefficient is negative p.
Parse a path expression into a string.
Callback for port range parsing.
Get the SSL adapter class for the specified name.
Handles the first init event.
Add a value and an argument to an integer.
Expand a reader macro.
Fail if reference_str and test_str are not equal.
Get city code from request headers.
Entry point for the CISCO CLI.
Convert a base62 url to a MIDI ID.
Get the customcourseforedx for a given coach.
Return the key for a given sq_operator.
Update the database of the specified package.
Ensure that the host is correct.
Force a string to be a bytes object.
Remove role from username
Page missing.
Build an image from data.
Format a cinder_except_format_assert line.
Return a client object that can be used to log in.
Split title and year into title and year.
Sine - h approximation of the Sine - h function.
Formats a number in I18N.
Register inclusion tag.
Subtract a polynomial from a polynomial.
Builds an HTML page for the given classified text.
Fix connectivity problem.
Profile a function using abc01 profile.
A function that absorbs a CSS selector and returns the resulting HTML.
Register a new contributor.
Primitive version of dmp_primitive.
Returns a list of creation options for the collection.
Start webserver.
Convert a request body to a string.
p_expression_name - Get the name of the expression
Get the deterministic value for a table name.
Add a command to the dispatcher.
Get a list of all roles.
Get preferred environment encoding.
Send a JSON out to the server.
Load module data from a file.
Test that cant_compile returns a string and cant_compile returns None.
Returns the output of the given data.
Ensure that the named bridge is absent.
Fail if locale is not in django.
Parse usage specific data.
Returns a list of all sharing strategies.
Get available languages.
Run a shell command and return the result.
Save the current state of an event.
Unpack a zipfile into extract_dir.
Execute a function on a list of objects using a parallel stream.
Stop the named service.
Create a new user.
Return a list of normalized formset s forms.
Return a human - readable string representation of the delta between start and end.
Return a string representation of the current user.
Compute the signature of a message using the given secret.
Retrieve a list of files from osquery.
Resize bitmap to target height.
Get python code from a list of paths.
Return a connection to the saltnova provider.
Create a GX logging API client.
Attach task statuses to a queryset.
Given a harrisim object return a list of coordinates that can be used to filter the har
Decrypt data using a CBC cipher.
Run the initdb command.
Upgrade a bill.
Get the windowposition of a folder.
Update an image member.
Remove a zone slave from a service.
p_init_declarator_list_2.
Testing function for toidictionary.
Monitor a virtual machine.
Run a command in a working directory.
Iterate over all platform files in a directory.
Distance matrix clustering.
Create a basedir if it doesn t exist.
Return a local random string.
Choose channels in inverse operator based on channel names.
Delete a group.
Dereference a type from a string.
Generate a randomrainbow from a string.
Convert a Python code object to a bytesio file.
Returns True if the phone number can be dialed or not.
Duplicate primitives of the primitives of the primitives of the primitives of the primitive
Delete a namespace.
Return True if horse is available.
Start a new instance of the named service.
Get a list of points from a path.
Test that the message is not found in the caplog.
Remove characters from a string.
Choose the n - CV for a given k.
Read the contents of a file.
Main entry point for the migration script.
Get the location of the dropbox folder.
Test that default task loading is enabled.
Convert a value to a template.
Chebyshev distance between two vectors.
Ensure that the named service is enabled.
Convert posix format to LML format.
Test that the gas cost of the EIP150 opcode is the same as the gas cost of
Select a node from a list of nodes.
Get the datetime format for the given locale.
Extract valid arguments from a function call.
Show the content of a template ifcached tag.
Serializes an event for a user.
Store the rendered templates in the store.
Return a builder for a test environment.
Convert hexbin to a file - like object.
Invert all the monomers in a ring.
Test the covariance of the covariance matrix.
Add count bards to the end of each bard in the specified timeperiod.
Return a generator of all the files in the directory.
Parse an asynchronous operation response for an asynchronous operation.
Wrap ssl. sslsocket only once.
Add handler for qute - help.
Returns a list of all roles in the whitelist.
Get indices of the indices of the effects that have been applied to the effect_idx.
Returns a dictionary of platform information.
Return a list of paths to a resource.
Get example filenames from example directory.
Flatten a list of lists into a single list.
Returns the number of cells in inline admin form that can be deleted.
Get the parent theme name for the given theme name.
Validate image values.
Returns a runner for the given classpath and main.
Finds the path of a challb that supports the given preferences.
omni_normtest computes the norm of a set of resids.
Returns True if sys. stdout supports color.
Setup the platform for the device discovery.
Get repository metadata by changeset revision.
Create a thread with the given connection.
Parse an expat string into a Python object.
Return a suite of test suites.
Log request headers.
L21 norm of a.
Install a Python module.
Move source to destination.
Run pa11ycrawler.
Create a quantum pool.
Unquote a string.
Exit with a parsing error.
Create a labeled form entry.
Convert string to unicode if possible.
Find all imported files and create them if they have changed.
Apply functions to a list of tokens.
Create a networkx graph for an action context.
Unfollow a thread.
Multiply a number by a two - dimensional number.
Copy all contours of a component to a parent font.
Get securitygroupid from securitygroupname_list
Return a list of configuration options.
Create a graph of the truncated tehrahedron.
Return a list of all nodes in the cloud
Counts the number of occurrences of x and v.
Pull a Bokeh issue.
Run migrations on line.
Unmounts an unmount target.
Return the rejection line for a given number of points.
Masking layer test.
Convert the geometry output to XML elements.
Publish an exploration activity.
Setup the platform.
Get the email date.
Convert password to meta - data.
Set the console mode for the given fd.
Generate a HOisoning report MAC.
Detect if code is in code or not.
Return a list of not allowed subsets.
Test that mp. find_module is not None.
A decorator that closes the first element of the decorated function.
Prompt the user for input.
Generate a random range from start to stop.
Convert xl cell string to row col row_abs and col_abs.
Strip the handshake from the capfile.
Get engine status.
Add a command to remove a playlist.
Create test index if it doesn t exist.
Seeds non shared migrated disks without shared migration.
Parse an expression and return the result.
Return a timesince datetime. datetime object.
Return a sessionmaker for the given engine.
Return True if root is a list of excludes.
Get a list of all public certificates.
Download a corpus from a resource path.
Get the media path for a plugin s media file.
Convert a CSR XML string to a dictionary.
Set the namespace of a request.
Construct the SNAP name for a volume.
Runs a command and returns the result.
Extracts the connectionpool from the urllib3 library.
Sets the obey_over18 flag.
Create a new figure manager given a figure.
Convert a list of lists into a list of lists.
Create a directory if it does not exist.
Adds an ACL to a bucket.
Return the htons of an integer.
Calculate the footprint of a given object.
Call a multi - call on a topic.
Replaces the argument with the given tvars and args.
Trigger a build.
Generate a nonce key for the server.
Build the command line arguments for the install command.
Check if the user can manage a project.
Convert a base frequency group to a timestamp base.
Marks the current colour as being used.
Decorator to set sys attribute to stderr None.
Returns a list of top - rated exploration summaries.
Create a connection to a destination pair.
Build a logger for logging.
Get the host of a replication group.
Apply a decorator to a function.
Build a URL for the server.
Return the rastrigin scaled version of an individual.
Generate a URL for the given argument.
Get the code and stride for a frequency string.
Search for images and video.
Convert an object to a SQL string.
Matrix multiplication.
Return a pickleable exception.
Assert that the clipboard supports selection.
Return the dot product of two vectors u and v.
Context manager for cinder_localization_strings
Get the poster for a video.
Returns a tuple of global_dict and local_dict stack.
Asserts that two URIs are equal.
Check if extras requirements are present.
Get a backend for the given filename.
Convert a unicode string to unicode if the number is different from sys. version_info
Returns a list of all sources in a zone.
Compare a document s revisions.
Return True if m is disjoint with n.
Create a generator for the given kind.
Patched list_steps to patch emrclustertimeline.
Parses the request data and returns a view of the certificate exception.
Setup the transmission platform.
Initialize the global outsocket
Convert an index to a linear polation.
Returns a dictionary of resource limits.
Read a sound table from a file.
Check that the value is an array or np. ndarray.
Setup the platform for the Windows platform.
Perform the SAMA on a dataset.
P_expr_binary constructs an expression for the binary operator.
Returns True if the user can auto login otherwise False.
Monkey patch wal_e tarfile. copyfileobj to monkeypatch wal_
Generate html test.
If sslcontext is not None then create an unverified SSL context.
Add a product to a store.
Check that the minimum version ofmayavi is valid.
List all remote URLs for each app.
Display the main projections linesandcircles of the main window.
Return the default timezone.
Convert datetime to string.
If the current token is not equal to the current token return True.
Get the non - intersecting gridpointline.
Set the system information for the specified key.
Return a dictionary of references to a field in a table.
Return a logging handler.
Get all SQLAlchemy databases.
Load a caffe image from a caffe image.
shelter_type is the shelter type
Get the padding type for a kernel.
Return a list of all available config directories.
Test get_init method.
Return the complement of a string s.
Get the number of seconds since expiration.
Fail if the environment variable is not in the current environment.
Disconnect a facebook from a user.
Trigger a scheduler event.
Unpack a directory and all its contents into extract_dir.
Generate a verification key.
Set the current operating system.
Keep a message from an account.
Find the largest number of elements in a list.
Convert x to a string using encoder.
Initialize metric metadata.
Get the angle of a rotation.
Wait for the given package to be ready.
Sample a 2D sample from a function.
Compare two brackets for equality.
Run the Spyder test.
Revoke admin privileges for the specified admin.
Get a request object from a CSR.
Return a line prefixed version of the given string.
Create a network.
Remove expo from intpart and fraction.
Get the version number of a package.
Evaluate a cond.
Check if a readline is available.
Get the root path of the mock directory.
Return the first day of the week that is the first day of the week.
Resolve the latest version to a string.
Open a log file.
Returns the current month for the given time.
Register a new hook handler.
Test whether the screen size of the page is correct.
Writes the page html table to a file.
Find the maximum number of daily commits in the contributions calendar.
Resolve a function from a spec.
Test that the labeller functions are correct.
Set the path of the virtual machine to use.
Wrapper for the fetch function.
Add an access token to the twitter app.
Get the current locale for babel translation.
Get a marker parameter from a list of parameters.
Convert a shape to a geometry object.
Returns the number of seconds until the timer expires.
Log the mean exp of a.
Set the version of the le script to version.
Calculate the minimum distance between a surface and a surface.
Returns a penalty string for the given distance.
Canonicalizes a string using incsubtensor and stabilize.
Build adgroupadoperations from a list of adgroup operations.
Returns whether or not the user should send any updates to the current profile.
Initialize the viewer for the given batch of rows and columns.
Binscope a sample using the binscope.
Run ninja.
Get a field from the review request field registry.
Parse a date value.
Return a list of plays in JSON format.
List role policies.
Send an inventory to the server.
Runs the case and returns the result.
Convert a title string to a URL.
Process an email message.
Create flopstart kickstart and preseed filenames for kickstart.
Resolve a path to a string.
Say a doc for the given input.
Join the input channel with the input channel.
Build a filter1 from the input files.
Return True if verbose is greater than or equal to index.
Count the number of words in a list of documents.
Includes the breadcrumbs for the given page.
Return the UID of the current process.
Get a list of affected packages.
Test password strength test.
Run a network on the specified writer.
Create a list of transport serializers for transport.
Authenticate the endpoint with the given token.
Get the project directory for the given language and project.
Write a line of demultiplexed sequences to the demultiplexed sequences file.
Helper function to generate a random choice.
Joins the specified number of digits into a long string.
Calculate the mean square of a prediction.
Redirect to the specified url with args and kwargs.
Contextmanager for mockeventnotification.
Print result to stdout.
Connect to EC2 cloudwatch.
Find sr from vbd reference.
Encode a block of data.
Get synonyms for a fontext.
Least - squares version of lwta.
Returns True if there is an isoinfo tool in the userland tool.
Load user configuration from user config file.
Return True if value is a scalar zero or nan.
Return the base path for the data directory.
Virtual name of the library.
Aborts the test with a testexception.
Protects a filename by prepending all protectables to the filename.
Create a directory if it doesn t exist.
Echo all methods and functions of a class.
Get a connection to the database.
Fast exponentiation function.
Write data to stdout.
Returns the zonecode for the current system.
Show a network.
Wrap a SQL statement in parens.
pytest. pytest. pytest. pytest. pytest. pytest. mark. parametrize
Return the MAC address for the given mac.
List all versions of a bucket.
Update t_images and t_image_members to ids.
Check if the given command is executable.
Given a function name describe its keys.
Parse code to tree.
Return a relative path to a config file or make a config file.
Return the sum of all elements in inlist that have missing data.
List all member configurations in the specified profile.
Return a list of table descriptions.
Create a sort from a list of strings.
Exports the given request string to HTML.
Remove a file or directory.
Add threading arguments to parser.
Check if a node exists.
Returns a list of names of installed solvers
Return section data for student admin section.
Downscale a set of images.
Ctrl - C handler.
Determine the node object for the given resource.
Return a list of all path dirs.
Returns a pickled exception or unpickleable exceptionwrapper.
Get version from init_file.
Get number of cubic Bezier curve points.
Test that no data with no values exists.
Return the local url for the given port.
Return a list of all nodes in the cloud.
Renders the rheader tabs for the given r.
Ping external URLs.
Call when_imported with the given name and hooks.
Load pillar modules.
Remap a vbd device prefix to a new prefix.
Add a bootstrap class to the field widget.
Substitute placeholders in text with values in kwargs.
Delete a RAX CLB.
Create and drop a database.
Check if a logical line is not a nova.
Add an addon to the original.
Prints an exception and prints it to stdout.
Update a counter.
Call multiple consumer functions on a topic.
Start tomcat.
Instantiateshooterrback function.
Assigns the distance between each candidate in the population to the distance of each candidate in the population
Return a string representation of the ordered dictionary.
Check if a URL is from a spider.
Parse arguments and keyword arguments.
Decorate a wrapped function to update the assigned and updated attributes of the wrapped function.
Set the current namespace.
Takes a string and returns a slice of it.
Execute a proxy command.
Aggregates obj_a and obj_b into obj_b.
Get the navigation line for the given contentslinktext.
Get word from word form.
Return a list of header and value for each mua_id in message.
Iterate over all style files in a style directory.
Arp an IP address.
Generates the eventcollection plot and adds new positions to the eventcollection.
Handle extra payloads that are nested or nested.
Validate locale.
Duplicate polynomial division.
Remove a directory.
Escapes the given string for shell escapes.
Return the virtual name of the minion.
Returns True if the corpus contains a feature.
Track memory usage for a metric.
Load a certificate request.
Show information about a virtual machine.
Extract the major minor build sn and board revision from the given data.
Raises a value error with non sum one.
Print summary of runner results and junit results.
Convert a list of components into a URL.
Performs test authentication.
Count the number of nonprintable characters in a string.
Run a command and exit.
Sends a random string to the websocket.
Create a context for the given request.
Returns a list of all the values in the cluster.
Build a dictionary of postprocessors.
Get the body of a CLI response.
Returns the odds of a number.
When a string is deleted delete the named query.
Convert a POST request to a verb.
Dispatch the request to the appropriate handler.
Return a list of options for the branch option.
Return a string with codecodes for the given text.
Get a shortcut from the configuration.
Convert a template string to a script path.
Convert a POST request to a verb.
Returns True if the environment is virtual or False otherwise.
Sign data with pkey using digest.
Parse the options string and return a dictionary of key - value pairs.
Create a request string from the given data.
Plot two scales.
Test that ast_good_cut can be compiled with can_compile.
Get the size of a binary mask.
Test for find_number method.
List all the datacenters in this VMware environment
Get a new repository for the current user.
Walks the hierarchy of the given class.
Reset the videomode to nogammacorrect.
Add file parameter to registry.
Return the length of a word with tabwidth characters.
List not alive nodes in the cluster.
Get the size of the device.
Set the configuration of the API.
Disable site and reload service.
Decorator to mark a function as unsafe.
Return a debug node.
Setup the homematic platform.
Cleans the original dict and returns a new dict with only the keys that are not in the
Hook before init hook for submodules.
Check if input_string is a float.
Resolve a URL to a string.
Generate a postgres password based on a password and username.
Pad a sequence to n lengths.
binom_test_reject_interval returns a lower and upper bound for the given value.
Resolve a subworkflow from a deployment directory.
Collect attributes from a list of containers.
Fix osmesa_gl_lib environment variables.
Entry point for the command line interface.
Check the dependencies of the model queue.
Check email address validity.
Copy volume glance metadata to a volume.
Parse union page.
Create a new paste.
Start the console application.
Get the cohorts for the given course.
Get proxy connection details.
Context manager for flocking a lockfile.
Specialize elemwise sub - zero operators.
Bootstrap 2 - dimensional bootstrap function.
Remove a file or directory.
Builds a datetime object from a string.
Test for service provider base manager.
Return a lazyloader that loads all the modules in the package database.
Compress input using zlib.
Assert that a commit is serializable.
Get a specific function from the database.
Returns True if at is ambiguous False otherwise.
Format the mappings in the result dictionary.
Patch all settings.
Enable a VPN service.
Dedent a function using interpolation.
Return True if the given audience restriction matches the given myself.
Search disks by lun.
Extract IPv4 address from roster order.
mean longitude of perigee mean of perigee
Resize a LV file.
Get the name of a link.
Return the galois multiplication of a and b.
Null JavaScript catalog view.
Check session cookie and set CORS headers for response.
Create the output directory if it doesn t exist.
Generate a fixture.
Validate that the user password is not empty.
Returns True if the symptom is usability of a fernet key repository.
Download a file from a URL.
Count the number of unused tokens in a list of args.
Solve a trigsimp problem.
Test locale_html for xss.
List interfaces on a server.
Downloads log files and writes them to a temporary file.
Get the email for a GitHub access token.
Enable update tests for a given distribution.
Return True if the given name is available.
Check if the user is a valid RVM
Private function to split a power function f into fac po and g.
Untag a list of vs.
Format a number as a string.
Stashes the configuration values into a dict.
Permute a permutation of an array.
Test that the column starts with str_.
List of all regions in the RDS.
Returns the bounding box of the given artist.
Getcraftedtext from text.
Remove all modules from the database.
Check if a file is newer than another.
Check if the root user is a root user.
Remove a known_host from the known_hosts file.
Returns True if the given string is an IPv4 address.
Get the name of a column.
Check header validity.
Shows the current status of the user.
Given a color string return a tuple containing the number of trips between the two colors.
Return a memoized version of get_file_map for the given node.
Returns a list of payloads that can be runnable.
Return items limited by marker.
Return a bool_fake_is_smpl.
Generates a line from raw bytes.
Get the Rrd from the Xen server
Upload a project to rsync
Return True if point is after point.
Analyze the given text using the commentskein module and write a message to the given file.
Return the newderivation of the given element node.
Return a list of not joined IPv4 addresses.
Add a builddir to sys. path
Get all sm_volumes.
Build a servicemanager.
Quit the bot.
Get a pack by its reference.
List all files in a directory.
Unescapes the given data with the given entities.
Return a dictionary of net_io_counters.
Check if current request has associated site theme.
Check dependencies for missing dependencies.
Paginate the queryset.
Run a tubes process in a fastboot mode.
Convert a result to a country region and city.
Send password reset notice email.
Complete a filename from a text string.
Check if the given font family is valid.
Choose a random choice from a text.
Sets the module to be persistent.
List all stems in the directory.
Validate email address.
Check if the given path is a directory or a directory.
Insert a column into a ccf.
Check if a list of integers is a list of integers.
Check if record1 and record2 are a pair of booleans.
Get a check class from a check module.
Get the alias for the given class or alias.
Check if the current rcParams dictionary is interactive.
Teardown all databases in old_config.
Get the terminal size of the terminal.
Create a new signature scheme for the given RSA key.
Generate a generalized integer.
Sends an email admin to render the document progress.
Pretty print a string.
Get the current language BIDI node.
Get crop geometry.
Check if fmdump is available.
Get cloud provider proto.
Generate a key for a tile.
Generate a uniform log value.
Get a secret from a file.
Get a feedback message from a message model.
Get the change value for a label.
Pretty - print obj.
Make a query for a list of privileges.
Rename a file or directory.
Get a logger by name.
Disconnect all receivers from a signal.
Validate that a string is a float.
Get search description.
Save an image to disk.
Start the scheduler.
Extract messages from a file.
Check if a given header exists in the given list of headers.
Cleans up resources that are not converged.
Get all volume attachments for a given project.
Convert a row and column to a cell string.
Load data from fixtures.
Parse the UTF - 8 encoding of the file.
Add a levelname to the nametolevel dictionary.
Given a list of trailers and a list of trailers and a list of trailers and
Decodes a filesystem path.
Attach private projects that share the same owner to a user.
Return the result of the query.
Prepare the realm pattern for parsing.
Test resize_size and final_size of PromoImage uploader.
A quad tween function that accelerates reaches the midpoint and then decelerates to the
Add vals to arr at ind.
Check a list of paths asynchronously.
Checks if the given name is a legal resource base name.
Add a task to a user.
Guess filters and unavailable filters from matsfrom and matsto.
Produce a SAX representation of an element or tree.
Get the attributes of a machine in the vbox.
urllib. quote_plus wrapper for urllib. quote_plus
Returns a list of drivers.
Given a generator that returns a generator that returns the largest value of each distinct value in the given
True if the current working function is true.
Create a filter from a list of parts.
Prints the number of variables or variables.
Run the influxdb client.
Convert a rating property to an integer field.
Finalize the process and wait for it to finish
Convert an integer to a hex string.
Process an XML element.
Show the current state of a dag.
Return the HW address for the given iface.
Executes a pshell command and returns the result as JSON.
Post - build static.
Return a condition that will be executed if the lock is not None.
Include mako_context in a Django template.
Unlock a file.
Get the contact type for the given user.
Remove the specified device from the system.
Restart HTTPd all.
Get a Zookeeper connection.
Return the location as published.
Register specialization for the given lopt.
Template filter for external URLs.
Test that brainvision data software filters are in global units.
Make morph maps for each subject in the subjects_dir.
Read a double from a file and return as a numpy array.
Safely return True if home is not a path.
Delete an image attachment.
Writes the output of the Skeinforge craft to a file.
Initialize the tracker module.
Test that a chart is quadratic.
Multiply input_fft_v and filters_fft_v with filters_ff
Create a new user with default groups.
Exponential log - likelihood.
Tamper the payload with str_ and replace str_ with str_
Plot multiple images together.
Generate a new repository.
Determine if the DVR needs to be applied.
Depth - first reorder of a list of entries.
Find egg distributions in a zip archive.
Fit a sample using knn.
Return a shared array with theano. shared function.
Return True if value is contained in opts.
View entries.
Register a tag that returns comments for a file attachment.
Implementation for real sign.
Return the default string for the given string.
Return cluster depths as a dictionary.
Soap11 application factory.
Crypt data using key.
Guess the correct payload class for the given layer.
Start the specified engines on the node.
Register a new verb.
Suspend power to disk.
Get the credentials file.
Convert an IPv4 address to a textual representation.
Deploy a source file to the running jboss instance.
Test the global configuration of a chart.
Dehex encode a string.
Load CSS templates from database.
Get the initializable comment fields for the user.
Migrate a resource table to another table.
Get the revision number of the current revision.
Return a list of all directories in the specified environment.
Autoflush the logs buffer.
Get the deployment id for the current appscale.
Update the last sync revision of the store.
Split ary into num_ indices or sections.
Reverse the LEX algorithm 128 - bit string.
Delete a file if it exists.
Parse an HTML file and return a plaintext string.
Load data from a Pandas dataframe.
Return the path to the home directory.
Run the bare WSGI application.
Handle display action.
Generate a group - significance row generator for a group - significance row.
Backup filters from the C ++lint state.
Return a dashed capitalized version of a word.
NAME git_bin. py
Parse a string and return a struct.
Add a field to a user.
Get matrixtetragrid matrix from XML element.
Monkey patch pyclbr. class and pyclbr. function.
Setup the notifier.
Run a check on the specified configuration file.
Clear all installed samples from the configuration.
Raise comma if possible.
Getcraftedtext from text archive.
Get the type of a vmodl type.
Check if a lock exists.
Fetch a stream from a URL.
Render an error page.
Get all xblocks accessible to the given course and user.
Runs a single test in the specified mode in the specified mode.
Convert an OBL CV sequence to a CV sequence.
Create an option group from a dictionary.
Assignment tag for a given page.
Calculate the minimum sum of a cachedir.
Expands x along the specified axis.
Delete a calendar from the database.
Get information about a specific product.
Format a warning message.
Contextmanager that locks the given directory.
Determine the pickle module to use.
Create a doc from a vocabulary and a list of words.
core_helper for popular snippets
Solve a tridiagonal system using a tridiagonal system.
Return a list of serial ports.
Post - build post - build
Create a client for the given address.
Destroy a reservation.
Create a stylesheet and insert it into the profile.
Read reject parameters from a file.
Unquote a string.
Yield patterns and matches from s until n matches.
Get the mtime of a file.
Read size bytes from fp and return them as a string.
Add a list of numbers to a list of numbers.
Gradient of gradient 1.
Returns demographic data for S3.
Uploads the distribution to the remote server.
Default error handler.
Returns True if the named service is enabled.
Read a string from a file - like object.
Remove volumes from a list of paths.
Validate the given value against the opfjsonschema filename.
Require what to be installed.
Add a task to a queue.
Load CA certificates from a directory.
Get a layer by name.
Decode a None value from a stream.
Returns the solution of the S3 REST controller.
Deserialize objects from a stream or string.
Process an XML element node.
Determine the device class to use.
Wrapper for the theano. function function function.
Create a behave task.
Patch the search_fields attribute of the model with the new_search_fields.
Simplify a parser return.
Load a configuration file.
Get a scanner for a specific domain.
Create a file if it doesn t exist.
Return a dictionary containing the index of the document.
Generate a proteinruding glyphs from a source font.
Write the adminfile to a temporary file descriptor.
Format the final exception line.
Initialize the policy enforcer.
Stochastic modelanal model.
Returns lsb_release_attr for attribute.
Returns a list of dicts with the most recently published exp summary.
Returns a new flowrepository.
Create a new index from a protobuf.
Return a list of slots for the given period.
Load a model from the database.
Check if a user has the specified environment variable.
Play a media list player.
Set the version of a template.
Returns True if the given name is not present in the list.
Get the tricomplex matrix of transformwords.
Return the width of a column of text.
Check if the given path looks like a tool XML file.
Import all neutron modules in a directory recursively.
Test time chart.
Find extraneous whitespace in a logical line.
Delete a timing record from the memcache.
Deletes all pages from a pdf and deletes all pages that are not in pages.
Resize an image using artresizer
Get a path from a hatchpattern.
Filter blockers for a given user.
Update the symlinks for the given config.
Tests if all events in the time series contain any of the types of events.
List of available oficial plugins.
Return the next url to redirect to.
Get metadata for a given blob key.
Get a list of page IDs that can be used to change the settings of a change.
Return True if no minimumc is available.
Split a string into a flag.
votebyuser - votebyuser - votebyuser
Convert a value to text.
Test that the environment variable get_home_dir is set to none.
Logarithm of logdiffexp.
Require the context to be admin or user.
Generate a test source for a gi2 repository.
Create REST API.
Logout from the backend.
Underline a list of regions.
Tidy input string.
Recursively copies a source directory to a destination directory.
Returns a tuple of boolean boolean and str_.
Report the current status of the current user.
Install editable packages from bazaar.
Delete manifestation from node_state.
Walks a JS scope and all its subscopes.
Parse the environmentiroment string.
Patches the headers of the response object with the appropriate headers.
Register a neighbor with the specified filters.
Least - squares similarity between two numbers.
Attempt to convert scalar values to dtype if possible.
Check if a pointtable is in a loop.
Get pillar data from pillarcache.
Return the incoming state of the inv_incoming state.
Set the database for the version.
Add a server to a namespace server.
Escapes a string using urllib. quote
Lock a document.
Post a database to a keychain.
Assert that the current directory is in the current directory and all applications are not running.
Convert a list of images to a tf. sequenceexample.
Test for try except regression.
Restrict the forward - to - sky coordinates of a forward - to - sky coordinates of a
File upload filename case case view.
Return a list of edge normals from v and e.
Returns the gauss spline of x.
Generate triples from a CSR matrix.
Finds all skips in the specified directory.
Return True if the node is decorated with a property.
Return True if x is any of the null rows in x.
Yield distributions for a given URL.
Create a voucher.
Get a cluster from a managed object.
Find a guest by name.
Set the location of the parser. Values. location attribute.
Get all instances of the specified instance type.
Clear all sessions for the given max_date.
Rename a file or directory.
Get the triangular rotation matrix for a set of transformwords.
Convert a string to an integer.
Disconnect signals from the entry.
Wait for a list of spot instance requests to fulfill.
Return the hash of the file at fnd.
Print usage information.
Download emoji from flaskbb.
Get a scanner for the given configuration.
Show all the forms in the browser.
Call attr with accessing_obj and accessed_obj. location.
Save attachment to filepath.
Marks the given value as safe and returns it.
Check if user can download changes.
Indent a block of text by spaces.
Return a list of PyQT objects for the given object.
Extract capabilities from text.
Returns True if the given IP has a pair with the given alias.
Check if an IP address is a public IP.
Read a plist from a file or file - like object.
Log a page hit.
Entry point for networkmodule.
Setup the veracover platform.
Get the document and fallback reason.
Run the proc and test that the process exits unsuccessful.
Uninstall a conf_module.
Shortest path from source to target.
Upgrade the volume type project database to the latest version.
Derivative of the Euclidean distance function.
Returns a list of all prospective topics.
Import an object from an object namespace.
Fix sys. path with extra_extra_paths.
Add flags to new_flags.
Create a new node.
Create a cache security group.
Split a test name into two parts.
Returns the full url for the current environment variable.
Plot boot traces.
Return the current wintime in seconds.
Make a POST request.
Squared sort of an array.
Wait for all the tasks in the queue to finish and raise runtimeerror if there are no more
Rehash a file and return the digest and length of the file
Run pip and assert that the output is in verbose mode.
Format extras message.
Release a media player.
Combine a list of details into a single dictionary.
Convert an object to a column.
Flush the state of the named table to the specified table.
Get the size of the terminal window.
Calculate epoch time offset from win32 epoch time.
Render a datetime as a localised nice date string.
Detach accepted msoriginating from the message.
Create an image from a QImage object.
Split text into shell tokens.
Return a list of system - specific scripts that are not system - specific.
Returns True if the given name is visible.
List topics for a simple wiki page.
Get proxy information from environment variables.
Set the desired time for a file.
Get the path to the xtool executable.
Check if an existing dataset exists.
Runs the testdoc and executes the testdoc.
Decodes a string and returns it as a unicode string.
Check if the condition matches the check_object.
Return a hospital object for the facility type.
Recursive post - order traversal of a node.
Resets a user s password.
Calculate the signature for Odnoklassniki Odnoklassniki Odno
Pre - compute function.
Test tokenize and tokenize.
Process a list of tools and a dictionary of tool objects and a dictionary of tool maps.
Return a list of ip addresses for the specified host.
Get weather data for a location.
Get metadata from filename by regex.
Discretizes a 2D model using scipy. integrate. dblquad.
Parse flags from a string.
Get artist by id.
Ping the server.
Get the linkline from the given line.
Subtract a term from a term.
Consume messages from kafka.
Test that the bernoulli vector reparametrization trick works.
Temporarily remove warningstream handlers from the logger and flush to the logger.
Acquire connection before request.
Test that the keyword arguments are equal to the new slot of the bindertest keyword.
Return a list of the names of all the names in the specified root.
Wait for an object to be build.
Safely format an IP address.
Return True if x is hashable False otherwise.
Parse a Sudoku assignment string into a dictionary.
Validate sources for osx.
Wait for a network address to be available.
Create a context for an identity.
Refine the transpose of expr with assumptions.
Associate a profile with an instance profile.
Connect to an EC2 region.
Process the element node if there are no functions.
Filter out any tags that are not insignificant by tag_suffixes.
Generate a signed JWT from a service account file.
Get VM DK size and properties of an image.
Given a model and a field name return a tuple of the field name and the path to the
Prompt for a password for the user.
Return the varint for the given integer.
Register a webhook for email messages.
Set the source model of the completion filter model.
Load credentials from creds_file.
Add a new volume type access to a project.
Return a copy of a with columns k and idx from k to idx.
Compute the 2 norm of an array.
Install the xonshimporthook hook.
Return a copy of f with quo c.
Copy the contents of src to dst.
View function to edit a perspective.
Create a tempita object from a string.
Test that transform_hits and transform_xml_transformation match.
Daemonize the process.
Format the standard output of the firewall command.
Calculate the cumulant from a set of momt and n number of momts.
Given a size and a pct_b and pct_c return the indices of the
Normalizes the given path.
Return the monomial division of a and b.
Get the bulk archive of selected submissions.
Permanently deletes an image.
Extract images from a file.
Test swap assignment.
Update the changed requirements.
Cycle the value by num_.
NAME compare_dicts. py
Delete a sink from the logging client.
Get the parent child of the given path.
Read a record from a file.
Verify that candidate is a valid interface.
Return the version number of the installed version.
Get a user by its name.
Log the compute error.
Get a specific policy.
Returns True if s ends with a newline.
Given a corpus and a doc2author construct the author2doc dictionary.
Return the viewing matrix for the given projection and model.
Extract endrec data from 64 - bit stringendcentdir64.
Nudge a dataset.
Create a circle arc from x y coordinates.
Call unrar executable.
Authenticate using basic auth.
Get the number of rows to skip.
Returns True if all number groups in normalized_candidate are present in formatted_number_groups.
Return the absolute path to the plugins directory.
Returns a list of regions sorted by name.
Returns a list of subsets from a bitstring.
Produce a urlencoded query string from a string.
Create a record with a sa attribute.
Validate max_staleness.
Get the status output of a command.
Create a dictionary of strings for each string in workbook.
Import a zone from a path.
Test tag consistency.
Return a list of the keys of a key.
Generate a fontconfig pattern for the given fontconfig object.
List all functional areas in a group.
Parses the query result and sets the hits to the query result.
Filter a formstyle widget for a row.
Return a set of line numbers for multiline strings.
Statistical measure of a set of samples.
Test that pmf_hist is normal.
Convert a raw value to a dictionary.
Adds fields to a document.
Convert a name to a standard string.
Convert Coo - > Sparse Series to Sparse Series.
Returns the contents of the log buffer as a string.
Render inline content.
Read the configuration from the cinder_conf file.
Iterates over all elements of a getter function and executes the action function.
Test the platform configuration.
Return a list of foldbrackets for the plugin.
Turn off the current state.
Parse command line arguments and return a tuple of url filename cookie batch_size kind.
Returns a camelcased version of a string.
Define a function that will call the given function with the given args and kwargs.
Validate a DMP file.
Swap bits in a string.
Initialize the manager.
Return a list of package relationships.
Get fixed IP address by host.
Set a stream logger.
Return the backend for the given entry.
Filter the registers to be aware of the given value.
Parse a pattern into a branch object.
Dispatch a set of hooks to the specified key.
solarize an image
Test the length of dipoles in the dipole file.
Convert an XML tree to a dictionary.
Returns xl_range_formula for a range formula.
Read all tasks from the database.
Test IO layout lout.
Writes the current theme to an XML file.
Set a configuration value.
Change the UID of a container.
Iterate over all whitespace around an operator in a logical line.
Show details about a name.
Enable a source.
Return the mean of the values in inlist.
Update websettings settings with the given option.
Send email for after ticket purchased.
Serialize obj to JSON.
Get user info.
Send email after import for the specified task.
Setup yahoofinance platform.
Get an ansi color style.
Format a slice into a string.
Expand an IPv6 address into an IPv6 address.
Returns a list of stats for the year of the given row.
Marks the current app as being the current app.
Callback for language processing.
Create a modern TLS context.
Get the most recent replies for the current user.
Get the directory where the topfile is located.
Adds a set of CORS rules to a bucket.
Returns the money in words for the given number.
Error handler for celery.
Send translations to frappe. local. response
Delete a REST API.
Returns the UTC millesecs from the given epoch.
Return a debug representation of the given object.
Get the content of a file from a URL.
Run pylint on a file.
Add a const map item to a dictionary.
Get credential by credential_id.
Returns True if b1 encompasses b2 False otherwise.
Check if pending reboot is pending.
Unescapes the given text.
Register a function to be called atexit.
Return a list of local casts for the given node.
Generate a new id.
Fingerprint the given data using the given registry.
Replacement for requests. head.
Walk a directory yielding all the files in the directory.
Return the default locale for the given object.
Change the quota size of the bpsmeter.
Unset quota for gluster volume.
Get all repository dependencies for a given metadata.
Safely get the host from the request.
Create a new figure manager given a figure.
Get information about a given collection.
Convert a log file to a dictionary.
Check if a file has a filetype without words.
Evaluate the old assump of a pred.
Start debugger debugger.
Find the platform and atomic group name of a host.
Get properties of a managed object.
Searches for clients matching the specified query.
Analyze a given text using the vectorwriteskein library.
Return the response for the campaign.
Return True if text contains a substring of key.
Get historical codetbl codetbl and course_id.
Create a suffix name for a given suffix.
Redirect to the next url.
Parse a setuptools version string.
Calculate the number of triangles in a creation sequence.
Displays a debug error message.
Escapes a string and returns it as a unicode string.
Check if the given model filters are valid.
Format a number of seconds as a human readable string.
Returns a dictionary of datasource names and descriptions.
Fast FFT function.
Optimize an angle.
Fire a rheader event.
Create a model dictionary for a resource type.
Generate a random API key.
Least - squares sum of lx.
Redirect to the canonical file view.
Make a random binary DBM using a simple random pool.
Get the shell embed function for a list of shells.
Return the end of the string s at pos.
Convert a name value to a dictionary.
Handle an application error.
Configures a config variable with the given value.
Test locate_app method.
Returns a list of all permissions for the given options.
View origin route.
Check the lengths of the BFS header against the expected BFS lengths.
Write a device to the given queue.
Set the value of the named attribute to the given value.
Resets the built - in directory to the default directory.
Writes a string to STDIN and sets sys. stdout. encoding to none.
Wrap a traceback into a modified traceback.
Calculate checksum of given value.
Convert a jellytoaot object to a source string.
Get course creator status.
Add a inclusion tag to the list of recently viewed products.
Print vm information.
Encode lz4 payload using lz4f.
Prompts the user for input and returns the result.
Demonstrate the dependency grammar.
Delete extra spec spec for a volume type.
Guess the number of streams from size.
Firebase GET request.
Delete the whoosh index.
Get the frontoverwidth of a looplist and add x - intersection indexes to each looplist
Decrypt a ciphertext using urlsafe key.
Determine whether a function is irreducible or not.
Recursively copies the source tree to the destination.
Test drop epochs multiplication.
Escape a URL value.
Ensure that the event source mapping is absent.
Benchmark the benchmark functions.
Encode multipart formdata into content type and body.
Returns True if the current user is an admin.
Show the details of a load balancer
Retrieve the category of the item.
Spell a text.
Returns True ifrance exams are enabled.
Validate a station string.
Returns the minimum vector3 that is minimized by the given vector3 path.
Decode a base64 - encoded value to a Python object.
Publish a file to the specified destination.
Configures the blade_config for a proto library.
Check if engine services are running.
Install pecl packages.
Test the shell environment.
Get element node object from evaluatedlinkvalue.
Register inclusion tag for content type selection.
Closes the specified database.
Remove whitespace from statement.
Get information about a NvML device.
Find the path to a git repository.
Parse a Dsymutil module from a string.
Returns the expected bar value for a given asset and colname.
Create a header from a sequence of unicode strings.
Get the routing table for a given IP version.
Add a vhost to a virtual host.
Return a refactoringtool object for the given fixers.
Return a list of format modules for the specified language.
Parse the compiler output.
Return the absolute path of the mrjob executable.
Wait for a message to be received.
Return a list of all upstart services.
Get a list of github releases for a project.
Return the ker_zeros of nt.
Run upgrades in the specified store.
Send a PRIVMSG test to the api and wait for it to finish.
Continously trades a portfolio.
Check if we need G77 ABI wrapper.
Substitutes the given arguments and calls the given callback with the result.
Check if an item is a sequence.
Place queens on the board.
Clears the watcher from the given connection.
Get a list of local IPv6 addresses on the machine.
Securely compare string1 and string2 with string1.
Resolve the name of a package.
Clear django cache.
Check if the given element has any of the given rels.
Destroy the local database.
Fail if fn raises an assertion error.
Update metadata for a snapshot.
Get the hypersearchwinning model id for a given jobid
Set the rule for a layer.
Generate a GCodePath object for a path.
Return the media url for the given path.
Kill a process tree.
Add a new note to the notification registry.
Get all subordinate groups for a user and site.
Parse a list of linters and return a list of tuples.
Returns the bind address for the given address or None if no address is specified.
Return the brightness state of the brightness.
Return the cumulative sum of x.
Generate a random graph.
Set the default Flask application.
Return the first element of a sequence.
Remove quotes from t.
Return the type of the given address.
I18n - clean a string.
Replace the globals of a function with newglobals.
Process SVG elementtext.
Hook for courseenrollment. post_save hook.
Get the name and version of a file.
Get a list of functions from names arrays dtype and alias.
Return the difference of f and p.
Test if the value is evenly divisible by num_.
Return the sub - color of an IRC color match.
Render a template using the renderer.
Project time day.
Check if an IP address is in a subnet.
cartesian product of two lists.
Run the reindex_reviews loop.
Return the XFS inventory.
Get a list of all the instructor tasks in the course.
Convert a mage hsv tuple to an RGB tuple.
Test if x is a ccall method.
Determine the runner for the given bbdir.
Kurtosis of an iterable.
Test that tl. fit is a single class.
Return a string representation of a bytestring.
Get a list of range objects from a header value.
Returns True if orig_prefixes is a subset of new_prefixes.
Test the estimator of condensednearestneighour.
Test higher - order autoencoder initialization.
Format a position in a string.
Parse a executemsg message and return a tuple of the user device op class method name and request
Read images from a directory and return as numpy arrays.
Register the driver.
Read pillar data from the specified url and return as a dict.
Match string using pattern. pattern.
Resolve a relative url.
Render a WMC map.
Cluster vectors using k_means or hierarchical clustering.
Creates a textfile with the contents of the specified filename.
Return a copy of n shifted backward to the right.
Get the selinux enforce path.
Classify the given model_data_path using imageproducer.
Forwards a move org source to all accounts in the remote organization.
Create a hug static function.
Update flash parameters for an image.
Convert a path to a resource.
Convert a path to a standard output file.
Rename src to dst if src is a directory.
Returns True if the given header is a hop by hop header.
Decodes an error message from the given arguments.
Render a template.
Import an image.
Constructor for cuda_sharedvariable.
Test desaturation of a string.
Create a session for the specified reply channel.
Instantiate a proxy tuple.
Build the documentation for the given branch.
Synthesize a nonce.
Create a viewer that connects to the specified image.
Putaway an object away from an object.
Remove a service.
Create an inventory object.
Get the networks associated with a project.
Convert x to a sparse variable.
Compute statistics for a graph of episodes.
Finds the center of the ellipse in the given g.
Convert a string array to a string array.
Return the number of trusts for the given lang.
Return the common dtype for the columns.
Run migrations on line.
Log all hooks that have been registered for this request.
Activates the given language.
Forgot password post.
Get the assignment type for the given user group.
Entry point for the WSGI application.
Renders a CDF file and scales it according to the given transform.
Test rename_channels method.
Expand command line arguments to a list of strings.
Get the support angle in radians from the Overhang support XML element.
Check if a net address works with prefixlen.
Get the name of a git repository.
Convert a value to a JSON string.
Parses the given data and returns a dict containing the contents of the ACL V2.
Augments the given string with ellipses.
Returns a list of all regions in the network.
Set default values for the database.
Skip test if abstfn contains a backslash.
Drop a field from the expr.
Draw the jet image.
Pickle a string into a tuple.
Get the data for a specific function.
Recursively fix unicode values in a dictionary.
Register local optimizer for gpufromhost.
Normalizes the settings passed to the salt server.
Convert a list of revisions to a list of dicts.
Split a path expr into a single node.
Return basic values for login.
Displays a message form for the specified mlist.
Search for analyses in elastic index.
Returns a camelcased JSON object.
Register hook for gitlab.
Check if a sheet is writable.
Private function for the next legen_der function.
Return a list of sysv services.
Setup all the virtualenvs in the registry.
Return the version of the package.
Generate the rheader for the given record.
Return the version of the operating system.
Called when a property usage event occurs.
Associate a node with a set of values.
Process an element node and print its attributes.
Return a compiled regular expression for the given mask.
Render a template string using cheetah. template. template
Get the MAC address of the Arp node.
Squared distance between n and a.
Return True if the environment is virtual.
Return a list of subxmlhtmlsgmlrefs from a string.
Get the auth password from environment variable or ldap_password script.
Handle an event request.
Return the virtual name of the device.
Get filenames and classes for each class in dataset_dir.
Start uptime commands.
Release a libvlc instance.
Get an attribute by name.
Convert a domain name to a filename.
Test that the unit is dimensionless to si.
Return the absolute path of the given path.
Transform a NumPy array to a list.
Write the given text to the specified file.
Paste a paster server into gunicorn.
Run a status check.
Return a list of discrete attributes for a domain.
Returns an instanceactionapi object for the specified instanceactionapi class.
Wraps the result into a lib. timedelta object.
Validate the format of a Docker image.
Get the file descriptor maximum.
Split train and test sets into train and test sets.
Serialize a TarInfo object into a tuple.
The supplier controller for org_organisation
Return the lowest priority.
Find a host in an inventory.
Writes the output of the first translator to a file.
Set stock basics.
Callback for audiotime events.
Create a copy of the given object with the given class and keyword arguments.
List all available upgrades.
Initialize a pyo server.
Get a document node for the specified file.
Generate a waterbutler url for a given route and node.
View function that redirects to the specified user.
Encrypt password if needed.
Subtract a constant from t. value.
Add all the overlapping loops to a list of faces.
Return the class docstring for the specified path.
Multiply a and b with b.
Build a generator for no log messages.
Update the model instance if it is dirty.
Sample from a standard normal tensor.
Return the extent of the phrase for the given head.
Check if a module is a package.
Build the m3u filename for the given basename.
Cleanup source date epoch.
Get ssh configuration.
Validates a circular reference.
Get a random integer from the specified number of bytes.
Create a mapper for the given declarations.
Load a pickled object from a pickled file.
Compute the det_minor of a matrix.
Test that all the structs have the same shape.
Quote a URL.
Default on success handler.
Start scanning photos.
Sort a dictionary into a comma - separated list.
Authenticates a user with LTI LTI consumer.
Return True if n is probable prime.
Delete a chain from a table.
Parse an ignorable statement.
Escape abbreviations in text.
Rebuild all generated modules.
Load fixtures from fixtures_dict.
Find a finder for the given path.
Encode input using the specified encoding.
Expand brackets into brackets.
Register inclusion tag.
Selects a bracket icon for the given option.
Formats the output of demo verbose.
Setup the OS platform.
Attaches epic statuses to the queryset.
Test for find_feature_files that returns all feature files in a directory.
Route route for calendar read request.
Deletes the specified blob keys asynchronously.
Get all networks associated with the specified instance.
Test get_new_command method.
Get the types of the head of a pattern.
Prompt user for password.
Load the endogeneity data from disk.
Set the extension of a URL.
Get a connection to etcd
Ensure trans has the same shape as trans.
Check the compatibility of the module.
Write the user_group_mapping to a static group mapping file.
Test that a caplog record has the expected number of errors.
Makes a taxedpriceinfo object for the given item.
Return the canon basis for the given P element.
Get prompt tokens.
Create a user list.
Attach extra extra info to user story.
List manifests for a given extension.
Run a command and return its output.
Returns the translation of the given element node with the given prefix.
Generate a hash of the contents of a file.
Register the ovs driver.
Remove an index from a media list.
Set the action for a form.
Convert a value to an integer or float.
Set the viridis map.
Create a primary key field.
Get instance changes from current and state.
Delete a policy.
Fit a sample using the nearest neighbors cleaning rule.
Customise org resource fields.
Read a list of fragments from a file.
Format size according to base and suffix.
Send mails to the SMTP server.
Route route for list_samples.
Convert bytes to unicode.
Generate a route to fireplace.
Encode a MORSE message.
Clears the system from the system.
Execute the horcmgr command and return the result.
Run pip and assert that the output of pip does not contain any files.
Download youtube subtitles from youtube.
Start the notification server.
Handles closing of an iframe.
Openexplorerpath.
Get the dependency graph for a list of packages.
Runs prepare_stdout and assert_stdout_lines with success colorful newlines.
List all databases.
Rename files in folder similar to skip_ext.
Parse a query string into a dictionary.
Get the set of merged PRs between start_ref and end_ref.
Compare partial dicts with comparee.
Fetch a packed pack from the index.
Filters the queryset of products that the user is staff.
Sanitise base32 data.
Test that ioerror is raised if replay_test_dir does not exist.
Figures out how to plot a freetype version 4 image.
Parse an attribute type.
Parse a Roman number value.
Create a proxy for a multi - constructor.
Register a logging handler.
Set the disk timeout for the specified power scheme.
Returns True if the given command is executable otherwise False.
Logarithm norm of dirichlet concentration.
Get filepath_or_buffer from filepath_or_buffer
Generate a property from a template file.
Revoke a certificate from a CA.
Unquotes a JSON document.
Computes the Fibonacci basis function.
Add a new path if it is free.
Convert an etree element to a queue.
Remove a single article from a string.
Demonstrate the nltk algorithm.
Get epochs from raw fif file.
Asserts that the requester_user is an admin if the requester_user is not
Create a css gradient for the given base color.
Run virtualenv verify.
Indents the given string by the given number of spaces.
Remove a persistent module from the configuration.
Return the standard deviation of a property.
Contextmanager that temporarily change the current working directory.
Load a JSON file and return it as a dictionary.
Returns a repositorywriter for the given title.
Return the filename of a photo.
Roll back the rollback of the installer.
Add traits to base.
Default render failure handler.
Generate a fixture for the genesis test.
Test for tokenize. lex_expression_float
Decipher data using deciphered object id genno and x.
Return a string representation of a column dictionary.
Check if a point is inside a polygon.
Get the return data type of a function.
Convert a string to a string.
Shut down the current process.
Returns a function that returns a dictionary with the specified attributes.
Get the parent PID of the process.
Log all the files in the pipeline.
Convert text to qcolor.
Download a file from the remote host.
Return the lines of the siblings of a file.
Main entry point for billiard.
List rooms for the current session.
Create ports tree.
Add a search command to the library.
Make an entity for a query.
Add an addon to the context.
Check that no import translation is found in filename.
Discretizes a 2D model by discretizing a bilinear 2D model
Convert the value to the current timezone.
Encode control tuples into a list of tuples.
Get the username and UID of the user.
Return XML root close string.
Loads the description and model description from the given path.
Returns a string representation of the given number of hours.
Show a server.
Set the logging methods for the given logger.
Dedent a function docstring.
Return the difference between seq1 and seq2.
Convert a timestamp to a hex string.
Jump to the specified location.
Get the maximum connection limit for shared memory.
Start all engines.
Calculate the PPO of a dataset.
Get or create an identifier for a node.
Load a shapetexture from a file.
Sample a dictionary with n random keys.
Get the base path for the current platform.
List all meta fields.
Run cell_magic and assert that the file is unicode.
Call a function in the app function.
Show log messages for the current user.
Open a log file.
Get the git changeset for the current working directory.
Split a dataframe into a groupby and asset_group.
Delete a key from the cache.
Test the design matrix of a HDF5 dataset.
Run a basic pip script and assert that the result is a string.
Runs the test server to test if the proxy is in the whitelist.
Print a list of strings.
Add a host key to a module.
Get a server certificate.
Get disk type from cloud config.
Assert that a multi - index is a product of multiple levels.
Select a joystick from stdin.
Returns a tuple containing the fs and length of the text in text.
Expand polynomials by duplicating polynomials.
Check if a database exists.
Return the path to the state file.
Exit a list of actions.
Get the polar motion for a given time.
Test to_hdf_link_optimizations.
Add a command to prevent timeouts.
Check if a release has failed.
Make a naive version of the value.
Convert a URL to a pathname.
Convert a datetime to microseconds.
Find all the names of all modules in a co that have been loaded.