Fill the kernel shape with the kernel shape n.
Build tree structure from queryset.
Unserialize a packer dict.
Match a path against an emr step.
Generate n random integers.
Check if x is a sparse variable.
Configure buffer sizes.
Confirm that vi block editing is performed.
Scale time seconds to the specified unit.
Test preprocessing of environment variables.
Context manager for use of a plugin.
Create name with slashes or backslashes.
Return True if the environment is virtual.
Decorator for functions that are expected to be a string.
Run a mininet test against a remote topo.
Get a profile for the specified user.
Configure the hostnames in the config dictionary.
Return a hashed version of the source filename with prepared options.
Run the upsert command.
Validate requirements.
Execute a dictfetchone command and return the result.
Create a file object from a module path.
Get a response message from a socket.
Filter out oauth params.
Index a location.
Remove trailing lines from a list of lines.
Create an effect for a comment.
Returns a list of fields for the given field name.
Returns True if text is valid False otherwise.
Test the index of a string in the rules.
Run the mne command.
Write an instance repr.
Generate a word for a given text.
Create a subscription on a topic.
Returns the NOT operator for the given clause.
Get a virtual interface.
Get the version information for a module.
Return the size of the header table in bytes.
Fix indentation in code to new indents.
Parse an iterable of lines into an alignment.
Return a string of line numbers for a given value.
Get the eth link from a vif.
Resolve the default color for the current context.
Create a dictionary of project objects from a list of target dictionaries.
Return the index of the cms module
Clear all cache files.
A flask route that returns a jsonified view of the response.
Show all variables in the current frame.
Install one app.
Loads a PEM string from a file.
Create a temporary directory.
Register a class with instrumentation.
Make a list of unique elements.
Get the authors from the database.
Convert a filetime to a timestamp.
Find a command in the PATH.
Return a construct of t.
Returns True if the specified package control is installed.
Convert a string to a date and notes string.
Get all snapshots for a project.
Perform a push operation on an object.
Set a key to a value.
Setup the platform.
Export a library to XML.
Return a versioneer configuration object.
Assert that the script has a missing argument.
Stacks xs onto the stack of xs.
Send a file to the server.
Get mysql error from context.
Close the connection to the global state.
Given a path and a point return the index of the shortest point that is less than or equal
Returns true if the semantic feasibility of g1 and g2 are semantic feasibility
Encodes a certificate into a base64 - encoded certificate.
Set the environment to use.
Get all volume glance metadata.
Return the roots of a cyclotomic function.
Test loading mappings from a temporary directory.
Yields permutations of the given iterable.
Uncompact a creation sequence.
Return a flat string representation of the given event.
Block a template.
Get http data from the stack trace
Return the amount of minutes from a timezone.
Print error message to stderr.
Sort a list of numbers and return a sorted list of numbers.
Reset the database to its initial state.
Clean html string.
Execute a task and return the result.
Set the filesystem home environment variable.
Check if a string is an expression.
Check if the node is healthy or not.
List all available devices.
Get package name from recipes dir.
Convert a value to a string.
Caching wrapper for the orm function.
Return a quorum for the cluster.
Convert a JSON value to a datetime. datetime.
Plot an image and patch it.
Check if the specified command exists in the specified environment.
Get a category by id.
Attempt to invite users to Facebook.
Get a message from the feedback model.
Dump mrjob conf to f.
Update an account.
Check if the source and destination collections match the keen schemas.
Return a tuple of whether or not the virtual name is set.
Estimate the gaussian covariance of a Gaussian distribution.
Get the precision of the element node.
Return the diff of the current branch.
Check if a user has the specified role.
Get the source code for the given object.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the virtual machine is running.
Assert that all events in the epochs are evoked.
Fixture for issue 2401.
Authenticate flow using credentials.
Return True if s is an absolute string.
Get the registry for the given tab id.
Run the test suite.
Write journal entries to path.
Reorder a document by a pattern.
NN the words in a table.
Crawls the given links and domains.
Split a domain into multiple domains.
Return a list of all sysv services disabled.
Get the importer for the given path.
Determine if the kernel is virtual.
Returns a rebulk of the movie document.
Return the rastrigin skew of an individual.
Get a new repository.
Enforce an action for a project and user.
Check the CRC of the given data.
Build a simple tree.
Convert EC2 instance id to EC2 id.
Edit a service.
Merges the given options into the given types.
Command line interface.
Test scenario tables are solved against outlines.
Convert a namespace to a regular expression.
Get credentials from credentials file.
Create a new figure manager.
Check that d has the same shape as d.
Takes a dictionary of inputs and a dictionary of values and adds them to the incoming dictionary
Assert that the table is equal to the expected table.
Take n elements from iterable.
Replace a register in the flow params.
Read a bit packed version of a file.
Set the home page of the document if it is products.
Test lazy process.
Emit a line of unformatted text.
Get the request body.
KNN classify a set of labeled points.
Setup bem.
Make a password with the given hasher.
Resolve a route to a page context.
Write a sequence of images to a file - like object.
Write worksheet hyperlinks.
Get casava version from fastq1.
Get a list of pyextension imports from a module.
Convert an RGB color to ci.
Enforce domain sanity.
Create a compound model from an operator.
Load a description script from a directory.
Return the number of words in a string.
Retry an instance update.
Compare two epochs.
Set the connection information for the given url.
Main entry point for the CLI.
Parse a range header.
Scrub a viewpoint for a new viewpoint.
Build libraries.
Bingimage hook.
Search for a task by artist and name.
Get a label string from a dictionary.
Return fallback doc fallback reason and redirect url.
Remove a file or directory from the filesystem.
Get layer variables by name.
Repeat x n times.
Convert datetime to milliseconds.
Get a mocked request.
Read a bitpacked deprecated version of read.
Identify a table.
Process manual pois.
Returns whether or not this instance has been initialized.
Test whether the test frame is a moonish test frame.
Clips a path from the original string to the new string.
Test require key exists false primitive values.
Detach devices from a virtual machine.
Test that the pricing module is active.
Perform basic auth.
Generate a UUID from a node and clock seq.
Iterate over a corpus file.
Create a fred user.
Return a tuple of the address and number of the given family.
Get disk usage.
Test extraction of zip files.
Clear all openflow flows.
Get geometry output by positives and negatives.
Make a test filename for the given purpose.
Colorize a string according to the given color.
Render a template using the template loader.
Get the angle of a rotation.
Finish a task.
Return the extension of a file.
Interpolate an artifact.
Prompt the user for input.
Allocate a batch normalized mlp and assert that all activations are propagated at alloc
Write the output to a file.
Encode data as JSON.
Create an environment and install it.
Get the craft sequence from a string.
Get raising file and line from traceback.
Return True if the platform is little endian.
Update maxline with dirty patches.
Render a list of documents.
Get notifications for modules.
List all the resourcepools in a service.
Get poetry from twisted. internet.
Create a fake JSON error.
double redirect view
Get a list of keywords for the given lexer.
Generate a random message id.
Create a view with a secure request.
Add community email.
Check if a course is blocked.
Find the first matching CSS in the browser.
Update a certificate.
Create an element with the specified tag attributes and sub elements.
Process xml element.
Check if a key exists in a region or keyid.
List json data.
Submit a unit to the Pootle Captcha service.
Evaluate a terminal expression and return the result.
Compute the minkowski convex hull of two points.
Try to parse an XML string and return the error value.
Computes the allowed methods for the given resource.
Poll a file descriptor for events.
Test elemwise of tensors.
Load plugins from a list of directories.
Get the first bday for a given wkday.
Brew a number of colors.
Delete a document.
Convert a string or float to an integer.
Register a checker with a linter.
Return a copy of trans with translation at x y.
Generate a hexdump of data.
Create a new chain for a table.
Update disk cache with new metadata.
Stop the session for the specified module and number.
Setup the bloomsky platform.
Check a password against a hashed hash.
Create a dot graph from a graph.
Return the argument of bytes signed by dvi.
Register a mapping type.
Shortcut for test functionality of desktop.
Return the dot shape of x and y.
Display completions like readline.
Check if the given course key is a CCX course.
Assert that the JSON view error is correct.
Temporarily redirect stdout and stderr to stdio.
Get the content of a request.
Simulate k.
Get available plugins for community plugins.
Return the filename of the settings file.
Run the subunit test runner.
Register a simple pagination tag.
Return the path to the auto configuration file.
Generate a garchic signal.
Deduce helpful message from requirements file.
Runs the test suite.
Remove multiple arrays from the code.
Get the size of a file.
Find an option in argv with short opts and long opts.
Write example configuration to file.
Return a Poisson pmf.
Test surf2bem.
Get the measure of the argument.
Check gle response.
Range 4.
Returns a string representation of the given id.
Get course topics.
Create a decorator for a caller.
Delete a set of keys from a quality service specs.
Get activities for a user.
Return a whitelisted template for the given template.
Filter on wire representation.
Runs the demos for the given number.
Upgrade the database to the latest version.
Trace an operator.
Run a command and return the result.
Test draft save.
Return a list of netstat information.
Show howitworks page.
sudoer wrapper for sudoer.
Compile a file into a tar archive.
Prepare bearer token for bearer token.
Test consistency of CPU cores.
Test that the minimum zero is zero.
Returns a list of categories for the current site.
Jump to preview window.
Add a rule to a local port.
Create a new stream in the specified region.
Log an error message.
Main entry point for the main loop.
Get the parent pid of a process.
Plot a raw onscroll event.
Return the square root of the field f with respect to u k.
Decomposes the input f into a single element of k.
Check if a path is a package.
Entry point for the wireup script.
Read numa maps from pid and key.
Convert timedelta to integral minutes.
Fail if url is not a local path.
Set the type of the given t to reserved.
Return the path of the given url.
Setup the simulation before the given filename.
Take n elements from a sequence.
Check that the axes and axes are valid.
Get the lengths of a file.
Spyder editor test.
Redirect a url to a temporary location.
Group an iterable by n elements.
Get the base path of a pack.
List all hosts for this VMware environment
Return a batched version of a.
Convert a resource to a project object.
Generate a random slice from slicelen and listlen.
Convert uptime list to seconds.
Combines flaky annotations into one flaky annotation.
Unpublish a collection.
Remove a user from a tenant.
Call a jsonrpc client.
Get a path for a segment.
Parse the deb resolv file
Test the reduction of an array.
Create a block device volume from an EBS volume.
Check if two meshes are the same.
Add a suggestion to the model.
Get the size of a VM
Decorator for lower builtin functions.
Verifies that the nearmiss is valid.
Return whether or not the virtual system is installed.
Returns True if the current language is in bidi.
Select the best encoding to use.
Get label from plist.
Connect to the nzseel2 database.
Get a flag from the config.
Roll back a reservation.
Check if a keystone version is available.
Download an object from a container.
Shelve a server.
Assert that the browser opened a help link.
Set the current canvas.
Find a git directory for the given curpath.
Get pagination params.
Test that the comment start and end of a string matches the comment start.
Afrikaans tutorial fixture.
Returns the total physical memory allocated to the virtual machine.
Group a list of videos by video.
Returns the virtual name of the provider or dependencies.
Parse etags from value.
Main entry point for the simulator.
Send a mail to a user.
Return a color style.
Convert an IP protocol to a string.
Return an iterator over all lists in a nested dictionary.
Add patch info to s.
Convert a value to an integer.
Simplify a dimension expression.
Encode a varint into a string.
Test that translated field supports migration.
Run osquery on open sockets.
Migrate a live host to a new version.
Levi civita eijk
Flush all pending orm transactions.
Make a file name for a directory.
Allow a user to access a course.
Revoke roles for a user.
List clusters by datacenter.
Get keywords from a git versionfile.
Uniform linear layout of a list of points.
Generate n RGB colors from hsv.
Get all ACL groups.
Generate tokens from a line of text.
Get the nonphylogenetic metric with the given name.
Parse a query string using urlparse. parseqsl.
Remove stopwords from tokens.
Return True if shell is an interactive shell.
Get the swap size of a virtual machine.
Delete a file or a link.
Generate URLs for a given mbid.
Execute a script and return the result.
Check if a string is a list.
Check the raetkey directories for the existence of the raetkey
Test dict key completion bytes.
Check if a string is a float.
Check if a vector is a bow.
Get a series by id.
Register a new user.
Recursively uploads the contents of intent. files to s3.
Check if a pair is an inverse pair.
Get the account for the given nick.
Check if an object is undefined.
Get a single object from the database.
Get a catalog by name.
Test that a random array contains inf.
Find a sentinel in a file.
Get unit format from config.
Yield struct items from a sequence of nitems and testobj.
Rolls back the current state of a running script.
Print the totals for all results.
Return True if node is a super node.
Normalize mode.
Get the priority of an element.
Return a humanized version of a date.
Parse egg info file.
Get the raw path for the given path.
Resize an image.
Unregister a registered handler.
Decorator for shell commands.
Update the metadata for a volume.
Extract a value from a dictionary.
Get geometry output by loop.
Migrate a search index.
Entry point for the main program.
Return user structure.
Get a list of tables from the database.
Validate options.
Randomly choose a random tensor.
Asserts that two arrays are equal.
Contextmanager that creates a temporary file and deletes it.
Unpack a string and return the number of bytes needed to unpack it.
Fills the given array with the contents of the given array.
Generate a grid of points for a given pixel.
Reloads the configuration from disk.
Reset quota.
Return a list of all available extensions.
Return a list of colors for a given number of colors.
cheb1ap - cheb - 1ap function.
Split an estimator into a subset of x and y.
Test for x - labels.
Convert a file or file - like object to the specified format.
Run the metric init method.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the system is virtual.
clipped obj to max element size
Check if a changeset has a previous repository reviews.
Get global user base.
Validate a value against a regular expression.
Attach a volume to a datacenter server and volume.
Clean up a temporary directory.
Test that the maxshield number of characters in the file is greater than or equal to
Write the chain text to a file.
Shuffle a list of lol into a random seed.
Yield batches of batched data.
Format a dictionary of changes and return a tuple of changed and ctext.
Delete an instance from cache.
Get the flag for the given attributes.
Convert a string into a list of indices.
Get a list of sale records for a course.
Returns True if text is valid False otherwise.
Add a resource to a container.
Request user input.
Get a single person.
Test marshmallow schema.
Check to see if a profile is associated with a role.
Get chain text from procedures.
Get the mountpoint for a cgroup controller.
Entry point for parquet.
Get default time display.
Create a list of managed nodes for the given addresses.
Show a tag in a repository.
Convert a sympy expression to a numpy matrix or a complex expression.
List all nodes in the virtual machine pool.
Remove a block from a BD address.
Create a resource dict.
Find a zone by name.
Check if resource1 is inside resource2.
Unary expression 5.
Read from persistent store.
Escapes shell characters in a string.
Return a URL - safe version of t.
Convert a data array to a dummy array.
Convert a string to a boolean.
Find a tex file.
Send inventories to the specified resource provider.
Returns a suitable downloader for the given info dict.
Create a tarball from a template and a list of files.
Convert an IP address to an integer.
Run convert command.
Disable availability zones.
Returns the percentage of CPU usage of a function.
Make a declare statement.
Add a new release to the queue
Command line interface for globus find changes
Returns a + b.
Create a review list box for an addon.
Get a group by id.
Render a template using Jinja2.
Open a singleton client.
Print decoder briefs.
Check if a service exists.
Check that y is a valid classification target.
Fit a function to x y and return the fitted parameters.
Check that a simple ncfileobj has the same history shape shape and units.
Force a job.
Create a vagrant task.
Create option values for an optionable type.
Test scenario with hash within single quotes.
List all q instances.
Test for normal mode.
Write a status line to the terminal.
Delete a repository.
Return True if str is a IPv6 address.
Get the read number in base 36 format.
Decrypt data with expanded key.
Get a socket object for the given address.
Set proxy windows on the specified server.
Convert hex to rgba.
List all related revisions for a package.
Save photos for a user.
Command for temperature analysis.
Update the version of an event.
Return the id of a cloud instance.
Remove all files from the database.
Check connectivity of a cluster.
Initialize a module.
Find all occurrences of pattern in string.
Decorator for registering a URL filter.
Check if the loop list is intersecting within a list of lists.
Set resources quota usage.
Return all the IDs of all fasta files.
Temporarily add usage errors to a contextmanager.
Remove all files in the current working directory.
Release a vlan id.
Render a mocked template.
Returns the value of a in f.
Transpose an expression and return the transposed expression.
Returns True if val is a string or False otherwise.
Return a dictionary of the coverage of the current task.
Monitor a node.
Expand asterisks in conf. dbms.
Test collect function for collect 4.
Compare record1 and record2 for equality.
List all host groups.
Return a list of systemctl actions.
Find siblings of page2 in page list along path to page list.
Write content to output path.
Replaces a file with the given data.
Get a connection string for the given backend.
Test if a set is greater than the number of entries in a set.
Check if the user is welcome or not.
Set the icon for the specified file.
Load a module and return a dictionary of functions.
Find an approval for an object.
Get a desktop module by name.
Determine if a tool dependency can be eliminated.
Encode raw bytes to a string.
Set the domain of a list of strings.
Check dna chars for barcodes.
Split a list of arguments into a dictionary.
Return locator and formatter for a date ticker.
Remove all modules from sys. modules
Install a signal handler using a signal descriptor.
Create hadoop directories.
Returns True if the current platform is bsd.
Greatest common divisor.
Remove a viewpoint from the database.
mocked get recording by id
Cache a namespace and increment it if increment is True.
Suppress a deprecation warning for a unit.
Substitute type in ty with str
Lock the work station.
Main entry point for the script.
Return the hash of the subdb file at the given path.
Set the verbose level of cpplint.
Initialize maildir if not already initialized.
Get flavor extras.
Get the status of a datapusher.
Unpack lines from a string.
Tempallow access rule.
Get all members of an object that satisfy the predicate.
Convert a 3x3 or 3x3 Dkl to RGB
Test for incorrect case of a file index.
View for charts.
Build a random h pattern.
Remove docstring from a function.
Lock a Zookeeper node.
Parse preference file.
Hook hook for cloudbot.
Return the variance of x.
Group items by key using function fn.
Test inverse operator.
Convert matroska date to datetime.
Check status of running CSF.
P conditional expression 2.
Decorator for registering decryptable secrets.
Check if the given drive exists and is a mount.
Check if symptom caching is enabled without a backend.
Filter words based on release name.
Return the virtualbox command.
Parse a template string and return the result.
Filter a list of values based on a list of values.
Create a shared variable with a random state.
Unsubscribe a user from a list of newsletters.
Assign a user to a page.
Dump all objects in memory.
Compute the rolling vwap of a dataframe.
Get the name of the bench function.
Joins a list of paths into a string.
Kotanchek function for kotanchek.
Archive a node.
Execute a command and return its output and error.
Remove noise from output string.
Show an answer preview.
Read a string from a file - like object.
Fail if smote has wrong kind.
Test a connection to a MySQL database.
List projects modified since capfd.
Remove a path from the contextmanager.
Find a smart path to a chall.
Parse media from libvlc media.
Create a dense tensor.
Stops all containers in the running state.
Get phred quality of a record.
Find a UUID by name.
Show stats for the consumer.
Iterate over all modules in a package.
Returns the indicator of the current state.
Authenticates all registered backends with the given credentials.
Ensure a subreddit with the given name and author exist.
Generate client lib from discovery document.
Get the elapsed time between two events.
Generates a comparison plot showing the color of the event collection.
Test pushd and popd.
Setup the platform.
Choose a random set of tests based on ratio.
Edit an alias.
Initialize an addon.
Return the name of a file object.
Convert epoch milliseconds to seconds.
Return a list of service types for this agent.
Unescape a string literal.
Get the context for a set of keyspaces and connections.
Add a subtask to a user.
Make an eventrule for the given date time and calendar calendar.
Read version from version file.
Arg of softmax.
Revoke all certificates associated with a user and project.
Get user password from sockfile.
Create an xblock for the given usage key.
Expand cookie path if needed.
Get the latest release tag from the git repository.
Filter a table to all cores.
Migrate oauth template facts.
Given a list of bins and a list of vals return a tuple of bin indices and the histogram
List of grains.
Retrieve users from osquery.
Extract link from header value.
Initialize the server.
Map a qos spec to a policy group.
Get stock balance for a given item.
Calculates the number of writes for each row of the composite index.
Return the cluster status.
Runs pip and asserts that the command exit status ok when exit status ok.
Scour coordinates.
Create a new campaign.
Setup the platform.
Start a virtual machine.
Root Mean Square Error
Dump a packet to a string.
Get a logger by name.
Compute the correlation matrix.
unify f and g gens
Find the end of expression in a line.
Test scenario has name.
Render a list of documents.
Returns a httplib2. httplib2. httplib2. httplib2. http
Handle a course request.
Filter for label 1.
Binary version of x.
Register a tag to get the current timezone.
reconciles the database with the document.
Create a list of formatters for the given config.
Undo the root logger.
Expand gallery metadata.
Convert a column of images to an image.
Return the pid of the process.
Check if the working directory exists and raise an error if not.
View for editing a folder.
Stop cover for the specified entity.
Check if rdclass is a metaclass.
Get the value of the given iff in 6 - bit or none if there is no value
Process movie reviews.
Include all enabled extensions.
Get embeddings for a word.
Set the media player for a list player.
Convert x to list if x is a list.
Find orphaned children.
Change user cookie security.
Return a list of unique elements in a list.
Clear the screen.
Test that compound gates are the same.
Formats the given example with substitutions.
Remove camel case characters from a string
Return the default logfile for the given exe name.
Get the intersections of loops in a triangle mesh.
Pad a number to n characters.
Get a provider by name.
Change the username of a user.
Show a specific resource.
Create a url for a given route.
Multiplies x y z with x y and z.
Convert unicode path to unicode if necessary.
Get a value from the database.
Run command and raise command error if command does not exist.
Release an address.
ResNet v1.
Get crafted text from gcode.
Convert an IPv4 address to a string representation.
Test the stft function.
Get the version of the Cython compiler.
Returns a list of sql indexes for all the models in the app.
Remove extension from name.
Return a list of packages recently changed.
Example for getting a network of two layers.
List all available upgrades.
Connect to a server and a client.
Format a slug.
Convert a text string to an object.
Return the argspec of a callback.
Respond to an invitation request for an organisation.
Convert a list of tuples into a sparse block.
Apply fixes to lines and return the original string.
Check the output of a command and return the output.
Return a dictionary of options.
Confirms that the context is the same as the expected context.
Fail if there is no output.
Create a new figure manager.
Convert a name to a list of labels.
Create transformations for all tokens.
Set the tax for the given tax type and total.
Return True if value matches a regular expression.
Request appveyor api.
List all registered apps.
Set a renderer for the diff opcode generator.
Expands the dimensions of x along the specified dimension.
Find the path to the given executable in the given environment.
Create a temporary script file.
Append a file or directory to a path.
Return True if the given namespace contains wildcards.
Remove a user from a group.
Authorize a user to access a resource.
Get the terminal width.
Sort an IP list.
Index a course.
Delete all preview files.
Returns True if the polarity of a string s is less than threshold.
Discriminant distance between two numbers.
Read user dict with default value
Renders the request with the given template and data.
Find a library by name.
Create a grantip for the given app.
Run pylint on a set of files.
Replace backticks with str.
Return True if ct is HTML.
List all keyspaces in the system.
Configure the settings object.
Return a new value with default args.
Try to import a module and return its string representation.
Yield translation messages from a CSV file.
Create a Student attendance document.
Example route for creating a new topic.
Return stats as a dict.
Remove quotes from a string.
Convert an ordinal float to a datetime. datetime object.
Check if a summary exists for the given tag.
Get input file.
Gathers the loss for the given clone.
Extract user email fullname from an ssl  dn string.
Build a string representation of a song.
Register a tag that returns the number of dictionaries in the given language.
Search recordings in a string.
Preserve a torrent directory.
Add summary mapping to otu table.
Compute node search by hypervisor.
Combine mappings.
Return the parameter name for the given if exists.
Discover the executable with the given name.
Find the end of a multiline docstring.
Join a coroutine.
True if there is no afni.
Get the version of the pylint executable.
Get volume summary by project.
Complete a line of Xonsh command.
Translates a message to text.
Returns a list of sort keys and dirs for the given attributes.
Return the arccos of the given value.
Find the hessian of a point.
Convert human to bytes.
Set evacuate or drain option.
Execute kadmin command.
reciprocate the tail of a with respect to u
Get the cubic path of the given xml element.
Returns the linebreaks of the given value.
Create a target for a given package version and tag.
clausify an expression.
Update the status of a collection.
Sort a pcap file.
Update the instance of the current class.
Returns True if pid exists otherwise False.
Read the next string from the SSH channel and return it.
Get a unified output from a list of outputs.
Reloads routes and redirects to the URL.
Create an array of typecode type size or initializer.
Setup the MQTT platform.
Check if attr is a valid Ext comm attribute.
List all nodes in the specified zone.
Tag a release task.
Write message to preview window.
Get a resampler for a given frequency groupby.
Create a dataset and an intercept decay.
Sorts the tree by the given column.
Test that saved json is a unicode object.
Make contiguous copies of a signature.
test plot topo image epochs
Returns a dictionary of headers to be sent to the client.
Rebuild the dependencies for a given lib
Tamper a payload.
Returns a diff renderer class.
Load test suites and apply scenarios to found.
Get a list of pulls for a given api
Return a message with the status of the response.
Return a deferred that will be executed after delay seconds.
Route a string to the root endpoint.
Unescape a node.
Return True if obj is a sequence of booleans.
Add faces by convex.
Find the root node of the input file.
synchronous switch listener.
Add two 32 bit unsigned integers to the end of a.
List SD - APIs.
Assert that the table is equal to the expected table.
Determine if we are running on a virtualenv.
Show the pillar data.
Callback for key - value options.
Fixture for app params.
Test on focus changed issues.
Monkey patch cmdutils for symbol.
Insert data into a dictionary.
Send password changed notice.
Arguments for the loadgraph command.
Remove symbols from an iterator that are not in exclude.
Convert a datetime to a decimal.
Get the source and line of a node.
Normalizes a path and returns the normalized path.
Run the de diagnostic plots on the input file.
Get the package name for the current working directory.
Unary unary expression.
Create a new bucket.
Get a color based on the mode.
Remove repeated elements from a list.
Main entry point for the script.
Pause a server.
Parse a JSON string into a Python object.
Remove diacritics from a string.
Assert that the exception is a discretized type.
Ensure a network with the given name is absent.
Convert a list of locations into a string.
Generate a bq schema from a DataFrame.
Sort string key.
Parse the command line arguments and return them.
Check if a graph is connected.
Get the script for an interface.
Scale a csr column with a given scale.
Returns a new Skein layer repository.
Encode a password.
Set the output of an audio frame.
Call the service.
Validate atom string.
Categorical cross entropy.
Show a specific product.
Test that the half pie is the same.
Import an object by name.
Check determinism for tex.
Get files with file types without words.
Create a logout url.
Return a tuple of host and erhn for a request.
Recursively copy a directory or directory tree into a directory.
Register a command handler that clears the screen.
Get the location of a VM.
Return the vector representation of x.
test truncate purified field
Initializes a state with the given inputs.
Get the value of the specified field.
Log multivariate normal density tied to means.
Return a tree from a cix string.
Prints empty trash to stdout.
Create a simple tag that shows a fragment link.
Split a string into named ranges.
Set the vary header of the response.
Return a list of all available extensions.
Searches the database and redirects to the url
Test regularization of noise cov.
If x is None return x.
Parse a packet.
Return the HTML for the given doctype name format style and html.
Return the meshgrid triangles of a meshgrid.
Clear site cache.
Streams the user s data to the authenticated user.
Example 2 build verticle exit.
Safely reference a target using weakref.
test allknn fit for single class
Return True if bucket name is mostly subdomain compatible.
Match a string with cdao to obo.
Return river controller.
Call a function and check its arguments.
Print a summary of the available plugins.
Detach a device from a device.
Join a list with a separator.
Find all free ports in the specified range.
Call a popen command and return its exit code.
Test raw html output.
Get a list of script names from a list of choices.
Get the compiler for the command line interface.
Start a video download.
Delete a security group.
Test saved inner graph.
Check if result is a valid geometry.
Create a renamed tuple with parent and child renamed.
Test bootstrap options.
Build a github repository.
Get permissions from a list of URLs.
Create a new instance of gtype with kwargs.
Match the type of the logical line and yield the start and end of the comparison.
Attach a policy to a role.
Notify the server group that a message has been received.
Create a WSGI resource.
Return the weight of a word given a topic and a document.
Get pricing module.
Check for free space.
Fills text with the given css selector.
Get available colours.
Return a dictionary with open and close tags.
Confirm that the image id of the plugin is unique.
Load executable version and flavor from environment variable.
Test that rgb to hsl part 6 is correct.
Convert a string to an integer.
Wrap a fragment with a new content.
Return a list of all keys for the specified user and gnupghome.
Joins a list of strings and encodes them as a string.
Create or resurrect a directory.
Get chassis datacenter.
power - nnm of one norm matrix.
Main entry point for the CLI.
Temporarily change global assumptions.
Get the uid for a given name.
Returns a dictionary of variables to be used for pagination.
Convert hex string to byte string.
Delete a namespace.
Hover an element.
Unsplit url from data.
trivial transform nose tools into a stub string
Format the given text using the given format string.
Gradient of the mean gradient.
Create a workflow for an overlay workflow.
Get the size of a VM.
Get a proxy instance.
Apply a change list to a collection.
Get the version of the given executable.
Delete all lead addresses associated with a company.
Update a flagged object.
Write a FIFF file to a file - like object
Fetch the MSMX HDU from the database.
Computes all estimates for a set of reviews.
Returns True if vm is reset False otherwise.
Convert integer property to integer field.
Return the host of the request.
Compute the minimum value of a quadratic model.
Check if a package is installed.
Start an application in the specified directory.
Assert that nullable number is valid.
Get read geometry from nibabel
Mimify a file or file.
Determine the function name type of a method or method.
IRC hook.
Get the common path for a list of paths.
Remove dnsmasq accept rules.
Generate a fathead file from a folder.
Return a dict with the differences between orig and new.
Go to the next frame in the stack and print a summary.
Returns the gradient of x with the given multiplier.
Process xml element.
Get host name for all vms.
Return a tuple of onrows oncolumns and onrows.
Find all increasing sequences in a worder.
Fix a makefile by applying any changes to the makefile.
Convert an index to a list of ticklabels
Return the sum of the smallest k elements of x.
Get current stock value for a given supplier and product.
Establish a connection to S3.
Get a list of tables from the database.
Return the path to the portable base.
Returns a tuple of tuples of input and output ports of a node.
Return the qualifying prefix for the given module and qualname.
Render a form for a user.
Delete a servicegroup
Cross validation of data using sklearn cross validation.
Check if the symptom ldap user enabled emulation use group config ignored.
Delete a network interface.
Return a mocked string with the given template name and context.
Get the maximum span of a loop.
Create a fake block device object from a dictionary.
Get information about a container.
Create a nod fifo.
Get the default tempdir.
Render a report.
Unsubscribe a document from a topic.
Iterate over multiple items in a mapping.
Return a list of all headers that have the specified category.
Delete a user from a group.
Return True if the environment is virtual.
pragma foreign keys
Autologs a message to the console.
Remove a patch from an API key.
Check if an anchor is found.
Get or create a hosted zone.
Run a test environment.
Remove a user from the database.
Checks that the given index name is valid.
Return null if o == d.
Get volume summary.
Write a docstringdict to a file.
Get current kernel arch.
Write the return data to the serv.
Fixture for filesystem loader.
Test that the label io and time course estimates are the same.
Validate the covars for the given covariance type and number of components
Reload the portage.
Quote a string for use with windows.
Run the test.
List all the groups in a group.
Derive key le and iv from psw and salt.
Delete a vlanid from the database.
Render OpenID request.
Polynomial root modulo nthroot modulo p
Wrapper for talib. cdlmorningdojistar.
Iterate over all items in a given SObject.
Add a new service to the system.
Choose a ca reduce mask for elemwise careduce.
List upgrades.
Receive a number of bytes from a socket.
Check if the named region is absent.
Inject tags into class attributes.
Puise ux 2 function.
Get a user by username
Run a WSGI function.
Calculates the Fonseca of an individual.
Print data to the console.
Create actions for a module bookmark.
Display an RGB color.
Read a file and return a list of lines.
Run pytest and return the exit code.
Return the next host to query.
Change the namespace of a namespace.
Return True if salt is virtual.
Expands a path to a user home directory.
Linear Discriminant Analysis.
Copy a file from one master to another.
Get the gradients of x where x is x.
Compute optional configuration value.
Load a Zen translation and unit data.
Convert x to args.
Deletes a category and asserts that it exists.
Commit an object to the database.
Open a web page or web page.
Format a list of messages.
Create a bundle of assets.
Tries to import objname from sys. modules and returns None if objname is not found
Rebuilds a function with the given reduced code and cell values.
Split an optional netmask into optional netmasks.
Decorator to check if the rcctl is available.
Get the limit and marker from the request.
Convert an etree element to a dictionary.
Strip xmlns from element. tag.
Get the current rendering context.
Parse test files option.
Format a power value.
Get the text of the presentation with the given ref id.
Get the string representation of the routines.
Parse an integer from text.
Fixture for the tutorial fixture.
Get a child node with the given tag.
Get settings dictionary from kwargs.
Colorize text according to the given color and attributes.
Returns a list of tuples of combinations of a list of lists.
Get limit parameter.
Get a list of modules and active modules.
Get the difference between a key and a value.
Attempt to open a passwordless ssh server.
Test for has eeg average ref proj
Unscrubs the given text.
Create a decorator from a middleware class.
Decrypt a stream.
Get a prime number.
Strip trailing blank lines from a given line.
Convert a DataFrame to an IDF.
Publish test to stream framework.
Return True if the given SQL string is an open quote.
Return aaaa address for a given host.
Write data to a temporary file.
Main entry point for vmodl.
Return a lambda representation of expr.
Returns a tabbed interface for the given class.
Convert html to xhtml.
Find the first occurrence of a condition.
Set the rate limit for the given number of requests.
Verify completion of non unique prefix completion.
Return a date from a relative day.
Check if rbenv is installed.
Finds the majority element of a list.
Solve a linear discrete lyapunov problem.
Generate a prime number.
Create a new tc.
Convert a string to a list of integers.
Clear the cache.
Convert a regular expression to a regular expression.
Hash an item based on a set of ephemeral paths
Register a simple tag without context parameter.
Return a copy of f with a degree m removed from f.
Return the maximum id for a given database.
Get mapview configuration.
list 1 struct declaration
Optimizer for local optimizer.
Split text into integers and return them as a list.
Get python lib zip from contentstore.
Test cursor keys.
Run cookiecutter and assert that the project is the same.
Check if version is not none.
Finds the node with the given path and returns the default value if it exists.
Get carving from XML parser.
Parse change values from opts.
Test for timestamps.
sci wrapper for gca
Get user project membership.
Check if a stream is public.
Inverse test for the inverse of links.
Return True if all keys in a dictionary are all the same.
Generate a polynomial from a gegenbauer polynomial.
Switch an org to a different profile.
Parse a cookie string into a list of cookies.
Render a template.
Convert a dictionary of package names to a string.
Guess the filename of an object.
Submit a problem grade report.
Check if the expected value is greater than the expected value.
Get the queryset for the given class.
Return the current route.
Test for float range.
Exit the program.
Call talib. cmo with the given timeperiod.
Get the metadata for an entity.
Load a model from a file.
Factory for creating a window function.
Returns a list of routes from the forward table.
Parse command line options.
Transforms a dictionary of parameters to a dictionary of booleans.
Prompt the user for pasted lines.
Get a list of IPs from a server.
Get the comment app.
Find the executable that matches the given executable.
Determine the fitness and quality of a mime range based on the parsed ranges.
Create a Pandas SQL builder from a SQLAlchemy connection.
Get course display string from descriptor.
Whether or not to use namecheap or not.
Get current asset log.
Extract text from an odf element.
Return the default JSON representation of an object.
Coerce an operator to the given size.
Filter a list of names based on a regular expression.
Get volume type.
Initialize web settings.
Strip the exception from the traceback.
Get changes between two models.
Upgrade the database based on the given migrations.
Send a list of events to the minion.
Test that the virtualenv is installed correctly.
Check if the given user is enrolled for the given course.
Register services.
Get a foreign struct.
Check if a database exists.
Ensure a directory exists.
Broadcast a tensor to all connected devices.
Get a list of words from a file.
Return the help string for this style.
l 64 - bit unsigned left shift
Match a sentence against a pattern.
Encode a win32 string.
Allocate a new resource.
Check if a string has a vowel.
Start interactive mode.
Returns a copy of the session options.
Attach custom attributes to a queryset.
Return the state of the mapped object.
Download a file from a URL.
Gets a specific qos specification.
Setup the insteon platform.
Load a WSGI application.
Check if user has studio read access.
Wrap a value with a wordwrap.
Split a node into smaller add or mul.
Poweroff a host and wait for it to finish.
Set a driver for the given provider module and klass.
Get environment variables and zmq settings.
Truncate a string to a maximum length.
Returns a list of strings with the infinibox required together.
Validate a local IP address.
Get a string representation of a number as an integer.
Symmetric product of two matrices.
Get the output of a gcode text.
Create a list of commands for the specified files.
Get the configuration tag.
Stop the server and wait for it to finish.
List available flavors.
List all keys in the database.
Ping listener.
Returns True if the driver is available and nvvm is available.
Return the attributive of an adjective.
Setup the Flask application.
Check if the given capfile has a handshake.
Delete an attribute from a class.
Try to finish the autocomplement of an element.
Rotate a color by percent.
Convert a roman string to a roman numeral.
Wrap a function with a timeout.
Get a new coil repository.
List all available frameworks.
Pick the counters for the given log interpretation.
Remove a fetched distribution.
Test for skycoord representation.
Update a record in a zone.
Get the geometry output of an element node.
Test for regression 5604.
Returns the absolute url for the given path.
Start the main loop.
Get the current rate of a media player.
Virtual name.
Find a directory in a path.
Compile a function using the pipeline.
Run a test when find packages is installed.
Test flask extension.
Returns the number of nests in the given style.
Pluralize a value.
Check requirements.
Sleep a random amount of time.
Returns True if val is an integer or False otherwise.
Create extra fill loops for each nested ring.
base of reduce preferred
Check if the candidate version matches the required version.
Mock a request.
Get the status of a task.
Generates a list of random vectors.
Return a random quaternion matrix.
List installed packages.
Add a new header to the context.
Create a transfer manager.
Apply the epsilon closure to the state.
Parse a signed request and return the data.
Get the file name for a test.
stub out all the functions in funcs
Test driver for nvidia driver.
Whether or not this is a virtual name.
Compiles the given node and returns the result.
Generate a URL for a single document.
Add noise to input.
Print one or more strings to stdout.
Write metadata to a file.
Get current language.
Set plugin path environ.
Return a dict of missing values for a given name.
Wrap an enum.
Generate a random ibp for the given customers.
One argument for a number.
Write usearch61 log file.
Parse a list of arguments and return a list of tuples containing filename and page ranges.
Check if an object is null or not.
Check if a URI is a valid S3 uri.
Format a date.
Hide untranslated language.
Set the id of the function.
Validate the password against the api password.
Return a list of all ratings that have the given name.
Shut down the database and teardown the database.
Apply a function to an audio clip.
Create a tag cloud using pytagcloud.
Detach a policy from a role.
Remove all missing values from a set.
The main entry point for the behave behave command.
P declaration specifiers 1.
Create API method response.
Sort item by name and sortkey.
Test whether the test is trivial.
Save obj to dest.
Returns a list of dynamic tabs for the given course and user.
Parse auth header.
Download wheel test.
Get tool panel config tool path and relative install dir.
Print query results.
Quotes a string with the given charset.
Parse command line options.
Prints a message and exits with the specified code.
Get all releases for an episode.
Check if x is an integer.
Return a string of a problem with fs home.
Get the revision number of the current working directory.
Annotate content models by youtube id.
Test iterator.
Returns True if l is a list of types. list or types. tuple.
Simple test for basic test.
Get the history of the current state of a pool.
Emulate the mean of x.
Add a facility teacher.
Fill paragraphs in a string.
Test that a spm file has the same number of times.
Show the weights of all layers.
Search for orgs.
Convert java pattern to python pattern.
Replaces old with new with new.
Detect detected detectors for an agent.
csrf_protect csrf_protect
Make a csv output.
Get the O object of the current object.
Decode a string to unicode.
Check the status of the RPC.
Get the next datetime for a table with a given utc hour.
Calculate the md5sum of a file.
Return a tuple of the absolute and no such functions.
Normalizes newlines and replaces newlines with newlines.
Iterate over all filenames in a directory.
Runs a batchpipe command with the given arguments and yields the results.
Set a custom nameserver on the namecheap server.
Test reset out.
Create a resource.
Create a new task.
Get a string representation of a dictionary.
Get unit status.
Initialize the bitset.
Get user model name.
Apply the reduction function to the given expression.
Return the default http version string and site.
Entry point for beets. ui. commands. raw
Kill a greenlet.
Delete all objects in a bucket.
Returns True if the given object is a generator function.
Generate a s3 reusable field.
Compute the cluster state for the given node state and additional node states.
List extensions.
Ensure sep is in s.
Update a fileserver
Get all the jids in the job directory.
Install gettext translations.
Serializes a User object to a JSON - compatible dict.
Register signals.
Get the block device mapping for the specified volume.
Return a tuple of whether or not the virtual machine is running.
Check that param has the same shape as param.
Test whether the given module and object match the given module.
Return the approximation of an error.
Check if two synapses are the same.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the machine is virtual or not.
Register a scale class.
Get relative path to file path relative to pack ref.
Delete a key from Redis.
Return the object at the given address.
Return True if salt is virtual.
Get all headers matching the given name from the message.
Validate collection options.
Install zmqio. io. instance.
Run a matlab job
Rewrite the legacy legacy configuration.
Get the kernel value for a given key.
Map nspfxs to nsmap.
Decode base64 encoded text.
Update an image.
Return the title of a layout.
Shorten a link.
Assert that the wrapped value is of the correct type.
Install from wheel using pip.
Check if an instance is in a resize state.
Run a script with the given context.
Format a number into a string.
Check if a module exists.
Print a summary of all registered efuses.
Symmetric triangulation of a point.
Returns a list of all branches in the repo.
Convert markdown source to markdown format.
Parse command line arguments.
Get the credential controller.
Make a test plot of the comparison of two images.
Clone a repository.
Format exception only.
Contextmanager that pushes a new kernel into the global context.
Join a list of atoms into a URL.
Return True if path is hidden in dot notation.
Wait for a proxmox task to be created.
Get a flavor by name.
Create a cupy. ones like an array.
Parse a response from the feedparser. feed parser.
Compute the DCT matrix for a set of rows and columns.
Search a string for a word in a string.
Make a path to a cache file.
Create an access key for a user.
Update a stack.
Reshow the figure.
Create a document list entry from an XML string.
Check access and print warnings.
Send a bulk message to the specified registration ids.
Tidy HTML file.
Reraise an exception.
Convert a node from one type to another.
Get a model by app label and model name
Set platform arch.
Return data to the master.
Get the fill value for a given type.
Get a new repository.
Generate email address for given user.
Join a base path with a list of paths.
Looks up a method by name and dbus interface.
Entry point for the wireup script.
Download an http link and return its path and content type.
Update a FITS image.
Moves the specified path to the specified destination.
Auto close us after open task is deleted.
Verify that the cache is deactivated.
Wait for a string to be deleted.
Ignores sysadmin users if they are not sysadmin
Load a certificate from a buffer.
List all available queues.
Remove gce name from identifier.
Return the square root of a structure.
Extend os. environ with keyword arguments.
Returns a unix path for the given path.
Decode a datetime string into a datetime. datetime object.
Get the mag inds of t1 and t2
Load data api module.
Create expected photos for an episode.
Get a worker from the database.
Confirm that the ros ratio is invalid.
Unwatch a document.
Process a command and create a desktop.
Convert an attribute value to a boolean.
Get matplotlib parameters from a matplotlib file.
Get the browser for the given user agent.
Test imports on global namespace without path.
grade adjective by suffix
Loads the data and returns a DU.
Perform a urlfetch to GCS.
Get the current time in seconds.
Verify a user s email address.
Parse timedelta data into timedelta object.
Strip ansi from a string.
Convert an IP number to a quadratic representation.
Describe an enum value.
Generate lorem ipsum.
Check if a module exists.
Setup directives.
Create a quota usage.
Command line interface.
Return http status message for given http code.
Get the top data from pillar
Create a storage transfer.
Jump to a tab.
Log the status of a node
Returns a base64 - encoded string representation of the settings.
Index a student s textbook.
Reads a string from a file - like object.
Run the feature suite.
Add a service group
Convert special characters to lowercase.
Test get peak method.
Compare two booleans.
Validate that value is a positive float.
Returns True if the given repository type is installed in the vcs repository.
Returns True if a < b.
Get the status of a core
Get the absolute path to the target of a link.
Generate a cache key for the given locale and slug.
Create a temporary directory and delete it.
Process a service from an arc server.
Select a template from a list.
Return a path to a temporary directory.
Extend data with the specified length and offset.
Add an implied task id to a dict.
Compare two entity datastores by key.
Check if track index has changed.
Perform whoosh search.
Convert a datetime object to a datetime object.
Set http headers.
Delete a repo from the configured repos
Serialize a SDR into a string.
Start the salt syndic
Copy a stream part of a source stream to a destination stream.
Get a list of tiles by name.
Serializes the input object to a serializable object.
Main entry point for the CLI.
Get the gcc shared library argument.
Record purchase information for order.
Wait until there are no listen pids in the namespace.
Create a test session for the given sample.
Get unified output.
Register a new account.
Create a key for a rule based on a prefix rule group id and CIDR IP.
Get the text of a window analyze file.
Get funshion url for funshion id
Get the current cflags.
Expire a reservation.
Create an alias for an index.
Unwatch a product.
Setup windows platform.
Ensures that a directory exists and if not creates it.
Import a document into the database.
Get all the instances of a host in a snapshot.
Upload an image attachment.
Parse a query string into a model class.
Validate volume.
Get the overhang direction of a segment.
Encode a message using 7or8bit encoding.
Enable a service on the system.
Return a class renamed with the given old name and new class.
Sanitize HTML code.
Get a specific sm volume.
Returns True if x and y are equal.
Check if the fasta labels match the given tree.
Get enabled provider by provider id.
Return the default app id.
Gradient of the hinge loss.
Serialize a collection to JSON.
Sample supervised test.
Get vector3 by prefix.
Get all subscriptions for a given user.
Write a CGI file.
Return the string representation of a key in the context.
Add photo urls to obj store.
Reloads a list of containers from the manager.
Check if a file is a text file.
Add points to a segment.
Get partitions from a connectivity matrix.
Connect to a destination.
Display help text.
Queue instances for active providers.
Check to see if a package is removed.
Asserts that the given function is a warning class.
Generate column names for a given number of columns.
Find the p and q primes of a given number of bits.
Convert a string to an integer.
Get legen lut at x.
Get json from user feed.
Returns true if there are no real s3 credentials.
Return the sfrmi of the idz l and m.
Cython version of mult int.
Render an http response.
Return the number of target count for a given host.
Load a module from a file.
Return True if name is a global variable.
Runs bash and asserts that bash completion is in stdout.
Update a table.
Temporarily create a celery app.
Selects the n most popular promotions for the given name.
Encode an entrance exam and student input.
Dump the configuration to a string.
Renders a string to be implemented.
Return the override string for the given environment.
Looks up a string in the specified address and port.
Return True if symptom password regular expression description not set.
List instance profiles.
Run selenium tests.
Return the dot product of expr and expr.
Update properties of an image.
Assert that the statusbar s height matches the expected height.
Check if an item is a container.
Round x to the nearest interval.
Resolve the id of the given value.
Return True if the string is off or False otherwise.
Returns a queryset of all models that have created a daily date.
End the application.
Check if we should recompile the source files.
Resumes a paused shot at the specified time.
Create a lower - level ndindex implementation for the given signature.
Copy a query options object to protocol buffer.
Add a pixel to the pixel table with steepness.
Returns True if the configuration of the module has changed.
Read a patchset from a file.
Run rqworker and rqworker tests
Generate a list of all keys in the specified keydir.
Optcheck fgraph.
Get a reader class.
Return information about a package.
Solve the linear system of equations p x with the constant term x.
Add a certificate to a store
Create a group snapshot.
Detach a vm from a disk.
Runs the xpdf distiller on the given tmpfile.
Add a page to the database if it doesn t exist.
Return the path to a config file.
Test that the ranking ignores identifier quotes.
Returns the length of the loop in a polygon.
Execute a command and return the result.
Continuous confidence interval.
Delete a task
Leave transaction management.
Convert from bcd to decimal.
Check if the user has access to a forum.
Return syslog ng config file.
Inverse operator test.
Read size bytes from a file and decode it.
Validate shuffle split.
Get a feed from a URL.
Get constructor for given object.
Convert a string to a number of bytes.
Return a list of supported key exchanges.
Extract a snapshot from a disk.
Return a profile for the current user.
Return base64 encoded base64 image.
LCM a and b.
Flip axis multidimensional along multiple axes.
Open state from pickle file.
Walks the tree of modules in the specified directory and adds them to the list.
Check if the task configuration has changed.
Set attributes by arguments.
Reconstruct a string by deconstructing it.
Check pandas index arguments for invalid choices.
Login to the virtual machine.
Format a message and append it to a string.
Write data to the socket.
List all files in the specified load.
Split a url into a path and environment.
Test grouping of strings.
Entry point for the grammar script.
Try to parse a word from a string.
Create a temporary directory.
Redirect back to the specified domain.
Create an object in the database.
Serialize an instance to JSON.
Return the summary of a recommendation.
Read end - of - archive file and return end - of - archive record.
Logarithm of the gamma function.
Execute a query against a pillar and return the result.
Return a chunk of tagged tokens.
Load an image font.
Change working directory.
Download a dataset from the specified path.
Delete tags from a node.
Test paginated url.
C ++ string.
Authenticates a user using django auth.
Format a playlist.
Given a module name and an object name return a short name.
Return the rank of the given string.
Sync the runners in the specified environment.
Make a indentation string.
guard pause on pp
decimate chpi by decimating coils
Contextmanager that asserts that the exception is a regular expression.
Yield chunks of XML.
Create a template for the given filename and root dirs.
Negative zero triband of a.
Print a rule section.
Decode a string and deserialize it.
Get the value of a cell.
Writes the output of a translator to a file.
Plot the normal probability of a sample.
Extract read information from a file.
Get the reason for a step.
Plot the verticies of the event lines.
Load a private key from a buffer.
Convert a list of emails into a sequence of emails.
Configure a salt configuration.
Calculate the min and max interval of x.
Dispatch the request to the appropriate command handler.
Assert that the policy shape matches the policy.
Add an offset to a vector3 list.
Returns a list of all cells in the specified context.
Return a function that will automatically auto - generate the specified dialect.
Twoier series with square wave.
Compute the triplet loss.
Solve the linear system a and b.
Update a docstring with plugin information.
Convert a timestamp to a date string.
inv shipment strings
Create an addon.
Iterate over spider classes in a module.
Dump a list of probes to a file.
Get all non private exploration summaries.
Get the Cudart library for the current platform.
Shuffle validation shuffle.
Calculate the diversity of a set of cups.
Extract summary line from doc.
Get the disk bus for the specified hardware type.
Test that all costs are implemented.
Render a template.
Get the list of seasons for a given indexer id.
Parse an XML string into an xml element.
Set the databasems for the backend
Parse lines of indented counters into a dictionary.
Update a revision.
Visualize detections of a given image.
Convert a number to a hex string.
Run make files.
Find the indices of elements in items that are not categorical.
Draw a dendrogram of a node.
Add a missing symbol to the address list.
Get a ref from a repository.
Start a hook that kicks off a channel.
Fail if expr1 is expr2 and expr2 is expr1.
Restore a file or directory to its original state.
Count the number of entries in a zip file.
Read a list of float pairs from file and return as a numpy array.
Insert text to cursor.
Create a new grep widget.
Insert x into the right of a sorted set.
Interactive command line tool.
Render a modal workflow.
Get the logging level for the given request.
Check if url is from any of the given domains.
Make a directory structure from a base directory.
Setup the platform.
Write source spaces to a temporary directory.
Prompts the user for manual id.
Generate a sequence of trigrams from a sequence of sequences.
Check if the given language code is available.
Get course info section.
Test for lexicographical integers.
Convolutional Gaussian coupling.
Create a style dictionary for the elem style of a class.
safe version of math. exp
Return the SM section name as a string.
Convert a string to text.
Write a graph to a dot file.
Check if the named block is present.
Delete a parameter group.
Encode bytes to str str and value.
Raises an exception if the signature is not a specialized signature.
Runs a query on the cloud and returns the result.
Lock libvlc media list.
List installed packages.
Determine if the write option should be applied to the file.
Initialize config from cnf dict.
Run a command and return the result.
Return list of requests unordered.
Commit changes to the database.
Create a thrift task.
Convert a bgp id to an integer.
Shor random number generator.
Return the virtual name and the virtual name.
Format an option value.
Find all system plugins.
Find all globals in the given globs.
Return the number of minutes from a given number of degrees and radians.
Given a list of user partitions return a list of split user partitions.
Make a bigtable stub.
Show information about a user.
Expand the gridsize of a given dimension.
Validate the permissions of a node.
Checkout flow test.
Check if a file exists.
Update a volume.
Updates the response headers with the specified headers.
Sort columns according to their priority.
Open a response in a web browser.
Put a file into a remote directory.
Link to a user.
Get permission message for given permission code.
Iterate over all lexer classes.
Generate a random message id.
Returns e with all sub - post - substitutions removed.
Context manager for inception v3.
Returns True if text is valid False otherwise.
Return the resultant of the function f and g.
Read a bearer token from a file.
Update a port.
Parse a type string into a type bool bool or none.
Test that norb has the correct shape and labels.
Parse a timedelta value.
Dump certificate request to a string.
Return the dot product of two arrays.
Returns a s3 view of the canvass.
Copy a file to an IP address.
Get model grains from proxy.
Monitor proxies.
Get user info.
Fix relative links in document.
Command line interface for network module.
Load libzmq module.
Get crafted text from archive.
Checks if the given entity is mapped to a mapped class.
Setup ubuntu tasks.
Wrapper for talib. cdlhangingman.
Download a url to a destination.
Resume a paused paused task.
Returns a changelog with revision reversed lower bounded.
Return the type of this function.
Return the typename of the given object.
Run gunicorn.
Delete all quotas for a project.
Load the ctx attribute of x.
Check if the request is trusted IP.
test rl end of line edit
Check the options for the given choice.
Set the range request to be satisfiable.
Safely joins the given path with the given arguments and returns a safe path.
Parse settings for bond 6.
Sanitize a filename by replacing any bad characters with replacement.
Minimize the given code using the httplib library.
Get all collections in a bus.
Generate a client login auth token.
Link a topic to a parent document.
Return the second nibble hex encoding of a sequence of bytes.
Disable warnings.
Get exception by show name multiple times.
Check if the given course module list is a valid list of course modules.
Shortline a bar chart.
Return a green message with the given greetee.
Given a path and a point return the index of the shortest point that is less than or equal
Register all the models in the registry.
Get a master event.
Scrubs a URI from a string.
Return a dictionary of all the interfaces in the network.
Local optimizer for local gemm.
Setup worker optimizations.
Generates a generation hash for the given value.
Add a constant to the builder.
Close the library.
Fake an Ovo cluster.
Add a timedelta to the HTTP header.
Check that a message extractor is valid.
Parse a time string and return a datetime object.
Stop a task time slot.
Make a cdf from a Hist object.
Return a list of recommendations for the given brands.
Is this a carbon tk?
Get the module name of a service module.
Send a message to a user profile.
Find the file with the given header.
Partitions an iterable into two iterables.
Sanitize html id.
Dynamically import a module.
Crop a title to the specified length.
Enable a server on haproxy.
Consume a decimal number from a sequence.
Process media files.
Return a dict of all pointed pointers for the given node.
Upgrade the schema to the latest version of the database.
Install an application.
Return True if seq is sorted.
Parse a range header from a byte string.
Render a request to a response.
Apply the plugin to the task.
A timer helper function.
Parse command line arguments.
Test that d is the same as d.
List all blobs in the specified storage account.
Iterate over records in an imaget file.
Convert a canonical path to a canonical path.
Convert a string to a boolean.
Apply provider facts to a dictionary.
Format a file size.
Return the number of nodes in a graph.
Add a non blank XML subelement.
Render a simple tag with no context.
Corrects comparison alpha results based on the given method.
Returns the number of hours a given number of hours.
Read an unsigned integer from the stream.
Launch threads.
Check if a node has been skipped.
Compute the sph harm of a given order.
Return a sorted list of all dirents in buf.
Encode a sequence of bytes into a hex encoded string.
Create a figure from keyword arguments.
Get the md5 hash of a file.
Add an item to a query based on a condition.
Test method edit.
Get course block counts.
Load an object from a HDF5 file.
Parse a pci address.
Get http expiry for a given number of days or minutes
Check if elements conforms to the partial ordering of elements.
Get the binary representation of the given value and bits.
Convert hdfs uri to real path.
Return the series of a list of numbers.
Set the configuration of a variable.
Remove a user from a node.
Check if a directory exists and if not install it.
Split a generated file name into a tuple of generated file names.
Get a preview of a resource.
spews a string to the console
Get the transient sysmeta prefix for the given key.
Create index entities from a list of results.
Get a list of period names for the given context and locale.
Generate bank cds features.
Get the current working directory.
Execute a query against a pillar and return the result.
Format region as a string.
Fills a list of strings with the specified linelen.
Discretize center 1 d.
Annotate merge annotations from old to new.
Log the cache stats for the current thread.
Return the commit hash of a package.
Calculate the center of a bounding box.
Unregister a host.
Check if a comment is valid.
Return the nerdtree for the given string.
Generate a timestamp for the given table.
A context manager that yields when the test closes.
Test if a value is defined.
AEAD step 5 step.
Coerce an array to categorical.
Encodes the data in a multipart upload.
Get the colour of a preference.
Get the crashinfo dir for a given host.
Generate a cache key for the given request.
Create reg numbers for a flow.
Initialize a glance store.
Test scenario with hash within double quotes.
Generate correlated normal generator.
Return a normalized locale for the given loc.
Find the n most recent keyword in a SQL string.
Start profiling.
Determine the release name for a given directory.
Get command line arguments.
Call talib. ma with the given dataset.
Find indentation for a given node.
Update a namespace.
Drop log stats.
Find and return the gui and backend.
Get a temporary directory for qiime.
Create a replication group in a primary cluster.
Set the state of the hass.
Set the android context for the media player.
Run a command and return the output.
Union of mutnodeset.
Test finder installs pre releases.
Returns True if arg has the specified method.
Returns a human readable time string.
Render the current block.
Main entry point for shopping api.
Get changes for a project.
Get the maximum number of slots in the virtual machine.
Get all clients.
Get crafted text from archive.
Test flattener layer state separation.
Return distro release information.
Call tadm command.
Asserts that a callable raises an exception.
Redirects the given url with the given parameters.
Get child elements by local name.
Modify hosts.
Remove initial data from schema editor.
Return a tuple with the bare error message.
Automatically assign attributes from a dictionary.
pytest. mark. parametrize
Convert a number to a julian number.
Load meta sources from the metasync module.
Apply an attribute to an object.
Get owner group crontab dir
Manage mode.
Cython enums.
Check if x is a dummy array.
Roll a matrix along a specified axis.
Fetch a file from a URL and write it to stdout.
Set urlconf value.
Fix frame filenames in filenames.
Encode a mirror url.
Define the lenet arg scope.
Create a file containing all the modules in the toc module.
Format a job instance into a dictionary.
Split a statement into a list of unquoted newlines.
Overwrite novel deltas with new novel deltas.
Iterate over all entry points in the revctrl directory.
Convert latitude to zone string.
Get a virtual interface by address.
Get a boolean from a dictionary.
Get activities from groups followed by user.
Connect to cloudhsm.
Recursively extrude a list of files.
Return the similarity score between obj1 and obj2.
Run a test suite.
Return a list of dicts with the contents of the given string formatted with the given format.
Remove universal flags from config vars.
Edit a post.
Run a setup script in a temporary directory.
Entry point for the ansible module.
Highlight faces in an image.
Get the national significant number for the given number.
Create a distinguished name for the given po file.
Generate a random mock tweet.
Decorator for mustbe deferred functions.
Get the size of the windows.
Concatenate multiple strings into one string.
Turn lights on or off.
Get the active key for the given app version.
List all incidents for a given profile and api.
Change the status of an activity.
Lift repository dialogs from a list of repository dialogs.
Generator that yields all the albums with the given id.
Get information about a taxonomy initiator.
Get a cluster manager.
Mount cgroups.
Save a model to disk.
Read a cached file.
Detect whether the device is supported.
Generates a test plot of the evoked field.
Load media library from libvlc library.
Set video aspect ratio.
Fix sys. stdout and sys. stderr
Check if a path is added.
Return the number of logs used in the disk.
Return True if header name is a hop by hop.
Returns a list of floats where each element is less than num.
greps a value from a file
Convert a value to a unicode string.
Build a vim server configuration dictionary.
Get a new repository.
Return a dictionary of all signals from a list of signals.
postfix expression 7
Append a variable to the config.
Return the contents of a piped file or None if it is not a tty.
Test that hsl to rgb part 6 is correct.
Group tokens in tlist by keyword order.
Merges two mutable mappings into a.
Filter for intcommas.
Writes the output of a translator to a file.
Add a suffix to a filename.
Return available images.
Create an optimizer for local elemwise optimizer.
Get a scanner for the specified domain.
Check if a dfs file is absent
Make a property setter for the width of a document.
Get nma notification service
Get all known settings.
Get the tolerance for the given item code.
Start a webserver.
Get the version from the init file.
Return the static url for the given path.
test flushing a json file with xonsh
Update a security group.
Return the fib of n.
Resolve all pdfs in x.
ridge penalty gradient.
Return the cwd of a process.
Check if result is a valid geometry.
Requires pypengl to be installed
Create a config parser from a config file.
Create a location for the given course run and block id.
Get a random range from a to b.
Escape a unicode string.
Demonstration of meetingsubject.
Unproxied WSGI application.
Get the timestamp from a URL.
List all active VMs.
Fit allknn with a random state.
Create a new group snapshot.
Add a suffix to the cache key.
Return the long description of the service.
Set global profile hook.
Return a numpy matrix of the given length.
Multiply a sequence of 2 - dimensional scalars with quo.
Tamper a string with the number of characters in the payload.
Fit an image to the specified width height and height.
Save local facts to a file.
Virtual name.
Get a badge for a course.
Iterate over all tracebacks in a logdir.
Get the abstract section of the given div.
Display an image array.
Return a generator that yields chunks of the specified size.
Phrase the text at the head of the text.
Check if the value of name is greater than the given value.
Convert a form to a JSON - serializable dict.
Check to see if a subnet group exists.
Run migrations online.
Generate a random slice from a shape.
Load data from the specified base URI.
Runs the command and asserts that the revision is the same as the current revision.
Compute the error of a cross correlation between two AMPAL objects.
Return a raw argument dict.
Check that the weights are at least n components.
Concatenate a list of paths into a zipline.
Parse a response and return a file - like object.
Return a float with NaNs.
Get the URL to delete a comment.
Generate a verbose expression for a filter field.
Return a string representation of a date.
Run apf command.
List the ps for the specified number.
Delete an option group.
Play a wav file.
Create a path for a request.
Disconnect from the socketio server.
Get a list of files for the given addons.
Reconstruct a URL from the environment variables.
Assert that the output contains no text.
Parse an object id.
curvelinear curve test.
Return a list of craft sequence strings.
Test that the cirs altaz nodist is present in the testframe.
Test update with no data.
Create a terminal writer.
Return True if obj has a parent of basepath.
Plot a confound plot of a time series.
Strip common indentation from lines.
Update provider location.
Get a reference to a container view.
Load a library from a ctypes library object.
Context manager for saving images.
Create a response with headers body and status code.
Track certificate events for a user.
Flag a string at the specified position.
Run the release task.
Register a new form.
Get the output of a gcode text.
Routes the route to the products endpoint.
Save the description to the database.
Handle an awful failure.
Show metrics for a specific locale.
patched httpconnection patched send output
One way of evaluating a nova objective function.
Check the availability of a population.
Test that atciqd and aticq are atciqd.
Get the volume type qos specs for the specified type.
Cancel all api calls
Returns the number of windows of length n on buffers of length n.
Receiver that updates the homepage and homepage.
Remove all files from an object.
Return a list of all widgets in the database.
Determine if the environment is in gae environment.
Compute the mutual incoherence of a set of points.
Expect warnings.
Get the metadata for a PDB stream.
Returns the number of the given string or None if the string is not an integer
Print bucket acl.
Return the default router.
Add null handler to root logger.
Match request headers.
Get recordings by echoprint.
Search the sequence for a key in the given sequence.
Create a base cipher with the given parameters.
Re - raise the translated exception.
Assert that the logical line is equal to the logical line.
Get a list of all provider portals for a payment account.
Create an embedded plot of the given model.
Return the number of ports in paper out.
Return a gidcounter for the current time.
Convert a CF array to a list.
Get a tetragrid from an element node.
Translate longopt string to xlate string.
Runs the given tests on the given vm.
Determine the metaclass for the given bases.
Get the volume type for the specified volume id.
Push changes to Git repository.
Route route for compute resource volume sum.
Return a list of args from the interpreter flags.
Fix paths in package data.
Restart a salt instance.
Make an HTTP connection and return it.
Precess from j2000 capitaine epoch.
Get quotas for a project.
Returns a copy of d1 with mergedicts merged from d2.
Filter attenuation function.
Simplify a graph using theano compiler.
Joins the given value into a string.
Create a tensor of type 5 with optional name dtype.
Calculate the kinetic energy of a vector.
Return the set of elements that overlap a and b.
Profile a profiling function.
Convert a NumPy array to a given dtype.
Get a key for a matrix.
Returns the IP address validator for the given protocol.
Apply a mapping function to an element.
Return a list of all available environments.
Return True if stdin is ready to accept other commands.
Delete empty folders.
babelify a locale
Multiply x by h fft.
Get a dict from an object.
Determines if a module should be skipped.
Create a file client.
Compress a KML string to a compressed KML string.
Join an avatar with a group.
Return True if the environment is virtual.
Formats the given datetime as an ISO8601 formatted string.
Check if an object is a tool load error.
Get a list of addresses from a list of field values.
Compares a list of language strings to a list of languages.
Loads the data and returns a set of censors and exogs.
Generate roots and weights for genotyping.
Compress a list of arguments to a safe ZIP file.
Test a model extension.
A contextmanager that yields a list of nested contextmanagers.
Write a value to the specified port.
Convert an EC2 id to an integer.
Set up global siteurl
Apply a function to match groups.
Resets the capfd to its initial state.
Entry point for the command line interface.
Leave transaction management.
Get gcode text without redundant mcode.
Return True if a rectangle is small enough to cover eps.
Test enhancements for the given plugins.
Put a container or object into a swift container.
Create a directory structure if it doesn t exist.
Raises an exception if the color image is unsupported.
Wrapper around sudo popen that preserves environment variables.
Validate actions in target dictionary.
Return the glorot normal of a shape.
Shift the cursor up and right.
Get a list of xmodule js files.
XORs the given buffer with the given key.
Split a list of frags into lines of widths.
Truncate a string to the specified length.
Force unicode encode or decode a string.
Convert a location to a URL.
Check if we need to accelerate or not.
Generate a texinfo file for the inheritance diagram.
Return the difference between two images.
Get a list of comments.
Get a user for a given token.
Strips HTML from a string or iterable of strings.
Hook for hg - hook.
Return whether or not the host is virtual.
Manage the review route.
Return a verbose lookup string for the given expression.
Test symarray equality.
Find the first level level directory that exists at path.
Attaches the volume to the specified values.
Given a list of loops return a list of unique vertices.
Print the list of interfaces.
Return the class of the given object.
Get an option for a given method.
Solve the abs problem.
Test functionality for es2.
Show a question.
Get limit parameter from request. get
Convert an http response to a response dict.
Pull a git repository.
Get the number of available ctids.
Simple wrapper around ssl. ssl. sslwrap.
Logs in the specified user.
Parse a limit string into a total storage limit.
Test that all random numbers are equal.
Run migrations offline.
Get a user s email preferences.
Extract latex from html column.
Returns a list of of ofp modules.
Checkout a shoppingcart.
Reset the perms for a document type.
Evaluates the evaluator for the given annotation.
Return True if value is a simple type.
Scale an image by side length.
Log query count for name point.
Create a simple block from a list of tuples.
aidi implementation of iddr aidi
Get the id of a template.
Return the IP address of the remote host.
Execute a single batch of commands.
Get home directory.
Generate a hash of a list of conda packages
Return True if filename is a text file.
Get the currently active view.
Get whether a point is close inline within a loop.
Convert an integer to a long.
Validates arguments against lowercase.
Truncate fasta seqs and qual scores.
Check if the spacing of a line is the same as the spacing of a line.
Common ldap initialization.
Check if a CLI is installed.
Get the version of the installed package.
Setup the vera platform.
Transliterate a string to a unicode string.
Compute similarity matrix of feature vectors.
Return a string representation of a number.
Serialize a Python object to a pickled Python object.
Returns True if the request has the specified permission.
Get a prototype from a dictionary.
Get or create a sailthru list.
Run test packages.
Test for label consistency.
Return the version of the dipy package.
Return the md5 hash of a word.
Return the MRO for the given class.
Test core profiler. profiler. profile.
Setup the platform.
Remove slashes from text.
Return True if the environment is virtual.
Clips the sff files to the technical lengths.
Create an annotated table for the given data.
Remove a volume type from a project.
Show the details of an addon.
Create a new virtual machine.
Read noformat arbitrary file.
Encrypt data using Ohdave RSA.
Make a fake k.
test read no header autocolumn no header
Delete metadata for a volume.
Parse a circular entry.
Concat a list of tuples into a single tuple.
Increase the retention period of a stream.
Parse an RFC822 date string into a time object.
Get the active website users.
Split a path into parts.
Wrap the input array with the output array.
Get a label for the given changeset revision.
Return relativee from base to relativee.
Decode timestamps from a string.
Returns True if filepath is hidden or has hidden attribute.
Execute a command and return the output as a string.
Test that io w is the same as io w.
Get the status of a job.
Create a new enum from a sequence.
Add a new repo to a module.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the system is virtual.
Get physical information.
Build the correct answer for the given geometry and atoms.
Whether or not the system is virtual.
Validate a bitmap value.
Generate a list of tiles for the given iht o with the given number of numtiling
nltkdemo18plus - > nltkdemo18plus
Check if a locale exists.
Strip site theme templates from uri.
Create a remote copy of the bazaar working directory.
Match a list of lists to a list of lists.
Test coercing fill value.
Get crafted text from archive.
Reads an integer from a file and returns it as an integer.
Get the package id for a given package.
Get the path to the makefile.
Test that two active items are correctly serialized.
Generate a random integer id.
Test that all file system enumerations are equal.
Find the apparent position in true coordinates.
Escapes a string and returns it as a unicode string.
Describe a subnet.
Ensure distance is valid.
Format a subplot using a date axis.
Train ae algorithm.
Encode a set of values into a string.
Return True if obj is a tree object.
Test describe dhcp options.
Test that the gcrs are the same as the gcrs in frames.
Convert a list of ACs to a local name.
Escapes a script and returns it.
Get a new repository.
Extract a member from a directory.
Compute the IDF of a list of vectors.
Read the raw file and return it.
Register a formatter as a formatter.
Parse sentences and return a chunk of sentences.
Convert a context dictionary to a string.
Get a module class by its fully qualified name.
Add locks to registry.
Return an outer join of left and right.
Skip testtools skip decorator.
List all members of a user.
Return the inputs and outputs of a rule.
Toggle a skill subscription.
Get a notification service.
Simple test for rfill.
Get node zones from buddyinfo file.
Validate a bucket name.
Test pendulum angular momentum.
Get the entity group for a reference.
Adds a weight regularizer to a variable.
Return the shape of a tensor with zeros padded to n ones.
Returns true if the current platform is an x64 architecture.
Run the phase slope test.
Register a callback to be called when the application finalizes.
Generate a cookie secret.
Get spider stats.
Check the validity of a vt.
Print data to stdout.
Return a dense version of the orthogonal matrix.
Return a copy of the dictionary with the given keys.
Coerce a path to a filesystem encoding.
Compute the permutation test score for a permutation test.
Update a file with a value.
Temporarily expect warnings on a database.
Open the terminal and return a tuple with the master fd and slave fd.
double installs the given script with the given data.
Test that the world should be able to absorb lambdas.
Check if user can delete dictionary.
Return the URI for the given argument.
Check if refname is in refname.
Return a worker that provides entries for a group.
Create a new hist from a list.
Convert a string to an integer or an integer.
Create an instance of a C instance.
Return True if salt is virtual.
Normalize a dictionary.
Intersect the trust region of x with the trust region s.
Expand variables in a path.
Test itersource of two join nodes.
Parse gff attributes from a string.
Restore a backup from the specified path.
Return a summary of the given URL.
Sorts a dictionary value by the order of the keys in arg.
Make daily promotions.
Extract ids from a list of lines.
Get the partners of a fragment.
test write table html fill values masked
Boot straps from a data set.
Convert an index to one.
Create an update dashboard.
Coerce value to an integer.
Fit an instance cell with pinning.
Test store of user namespace and user namespace.
Start a test worker thread.
Return the static version of the given path.
Return True if var1 and var2 are the same graph.
test for samp
Get all request states.
Calculate the CRC of a string.
Get the typelibs for a module and version.
List all nictags.
Flatten data into a list of sorted lists.
Print course tabs.
Load a template library.
Inverse of erfinv
Make an HTTP PUT request.
Revoke an approval from an aff4 path.
Return True if x is an integer or False otherwise.
Yields the minimum and maximum probabilities for each group of matches.
Ensure text is unicode.
Set the native set to a list.
Filter entries that are published on the site.
Re - initialize packages.
Render a page.
Validate repoweb value.
Get the latest episode of a series.
Convert x to a sequence.
Test ica reject buffer.
Format a struct.
Read the stories from a file and return a list of stories.
Get the abi tag for soabi.
List all floating IPs in the cloud
Saturate a color by a given percentage.
Get API resource method.
Create a local prefix notification.
Command line interface.
Send a Slack message.
Get the backing memmap of a.
Load platform subclass.
Convert a string to an unicodifier.
Remove a file or a link from a path.
Stub a barrier function.
Get the IP address for the given request.
Check the status of a service.
P declarator 1.
Given a list of service names return the maximum width of the service names.
Configure a BGP device.
import import assert import
Run multiproc nondaemon with flag
Kill an image.
Register the emacs editing mode.
Create a new policy.
View function for listing changesets.
Get manipulated geometry output.
Describe the given data.
Create a timedelta sign.
Convert bytes to long.
Get the datastore type for the given app.
Compute the block average of x y above new x.
Write the chain text to a file.
List all the resourcepools in this VMware environment
Find the type of subscription that is available.
Render the injected html into a response.
Generate a base64 - encoded HMAC for the given key and etag.
Iterate over colors grouped by field.
Check the number of features in a string.
Register a bootstrap theme tag.
Returns True if the group has volumes attached or with snapshots.
Get a storage engine.
Get a design from the database.
Count the number of items in the collection.
Unban a user from twitter account.
Translates a string to a greek string.
Register a sndrcv command.
Rename all transcripts.
Get models for given app labels.
Send a reply to the server.
Remove all iams from a string.
Check if path is a reparse point.
Generic MD5 hash for a password.
Ignore messages in qtbot.
Get all remote methods in the specified namespace.
Extract IP attempts date and matches from a ticket.
Refresh the policy.
Add a zone slave to a service.
Test dcos client.
Return a list of num elements from iter.
Make a valuation for a list of concepts.
Test empty latest listing.
Split a line of text into words.
List pages and folders.
Collect attribute columns.
Raise an untested runtime error.
Get bridge direction from below loops.
Process a process by pid.
Minimize informative string.
Load a collection from configuration.
Deauth a monchannel.
Return the whois of a text.
Create a list of tool dependency objects from a tool shed repository.
Log an info message.
Initialize a flowgram file.
Calculate the age of a given date.
Create a sha bloom file.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the AWS SDK is virtual or not.
clausify an expression into a list of clauses.
Returns True if value < = arg.
Export a databook to a spreadsheet.
Get the bandwidth usage.
Return a mathml expression.
Register a language manager.
Convert an unsigned byte array to a packed byte array.
Assert that the output of the command output contains text multiple times.
Get element node by key.
Temporarily change sys. stdout and sys. stderr.
Delete an event.
Close o1 and o2 to epsilon.
Plot a series of unit points on the axes.
Parse a list of hosts into a set.
Get a retention policy for a database.
Determine if the backend is configured or not.
Parse a 227 response and return a host and port tuple.
Start a new virtual machine.
Check that the given fields are valid.
Test that the output format is compatible with the hug suffix.
Return a unified diff between two pipelines.
Returns the absolute path of the given object.
Get the distance from the source to the source of the source text.
Read styles from a style directory.
Return the factors product of a list of factors.
Return a list of media.
peak detection function for peak detection.
Return a list of objects matching a regular expression and a type.
Get information about an image.
Generate CRC16 table.
Indent a string by width.
View for semantics.
Move a ship to a specified speed.
Authenticates the user with a certificate activation handler.
Renders the settings page.
Get the tag of a node.
Create a git head for the given path.
Test if a path is a link.
bench r7 random subs
Call a popen command and raise an error if the call was successful.
Collapse linebreaks in a string.
Compute the softmax cross entropy of a sparse categorical.
Get work by id.
Empirical emboss of an image.
Create a file or directory.
Main entry point for the tl method.
A square of cdfvals along the specified axis.
Deletes the configuration with the specified key from the system
Create a pony middleware.
Build a request for a type request.
Get barcode and raw sequence.
Perform a follower test and return the updated dict.
Openwindow openwindow.
Create a cache cluster.
Returns a function that returns True if the number is null or nullable.
Convert an integer to a symbol.
Remove norecurses from the blacklist.
Generates a list of statements with the given number of strings.
Create a token store.
Multiply two vectors and return the result.
Generate a random string of length length.
Log the result of naglog.
Commit changes to the database.
Return the md5 hash of a resource.
Create a new channel.
Write docs to app.
Format a serial number field.
Find the utmp file for the current time.
Get the changeset hashes for the given changeset revision.
Get all attribute names for a given object.
Symmetric diagonal adjacency spectrum.
wang ryzin reg.
Streaming change generator.
Create a graph of desargues.
Close a connection to the database.
Iterate over all sockets in the given address space.
Return the intersection of sets1 and set2.
Convert forward to fixed orient.
Wrap x with m - m - m.
Imports a library and returns a list of results.
Get desired package name from desired dict.
Generate an anon redirect url.
Get a dictionary from backend.
Whether or not virtual mode is enabled.
Respond to a status enquiry.
Test lexline counting multi inner tokens.
Return grains for a given host user and password.
Learning level of education.
Locate web server path.
Serialize an object to a serialized JSON string.
Delete a file from the backend.
Filter a list of classes based on a precondition.
Create a shared constructor for a sparse tensor.
Unary subtract operator.
Test for quartiles.
Cleans a setting from hidden settings.
Returns the model format for the given object.
Install flocker and docker plugin plugins.
Test that the process never started.
Assert that first and second are of the same type.
Delete an object softly.
Recursive version of urllib. urlencode.
Invalidate the module pricing cache for the given driver type and name.
Get a list of regions.
Return a string representing a column header.
Compute the entropy of x.
Assign a statement to a statement.
Dedent a node text.
Register a bundle with the registry.
Return a hash of the distribution of x.
Match a ts file.
Reset password for a user.
Find repeats in an array.
Tries to guess the value of the given string using the API.
Return a fake HORCM instance.
Return true if elem is at the start of elem.
Get a mapping of license IDs to their old version.
Setup a cmap from a string or tuple.
Summarizes the activation of x.
Return a list of published objects for a specific category.
Add a volume driver to the volume register.
Find the start of a score matrix.
Quote url with safe.
Run a standby command and wait for it to finish.
Update a dl with the given data.
Exponential exponential expansion.
Update a key in the gecos database.
Print an error message and return the number of errors.
Parse media from a string.
Test bdf data.
Unpack a file from a link.
Reset the text of a window.
Filter a repository based on the latest downloadable tool test components.
Parse url and return a tuple of urlparse objects.
Solve the jit problem.
Update a resource in a zone.
Convert a resource to a resource record set.
Return True if the environment is virtual.
Remove all task instances from the database.
Get frontend url.
Display a tfr unified image.
Returns True if the user has fulfilled the prerequisites for the given course.
Get a device pointer attribute.
make inverse operator bads
List all processes in a given address.
Convert a string to snake case.
Returns the JSON response for the given response.
Get the intersection of x with the intersections tables.
Insert axis into builder.
Get a list of all projects in the given configuration.
Check if two entries are the same.
The callback method that will be called when the callback is called.
Print input array to stdout.
Get current theme from cache.
Read a list of keys from a key.
Get the scheduler events for the given event.
Get all enabled services and available services.
Main entry point for spyder.
Check that the given field name is in the data.
Format the generated config header.
Fetch tool versions from tool shed registry.
Parse cap geometry XML post - processing.
Connect to the blame application.
Get information about a template.
paging request for type 2
Get fabmetheus utilities path.
Export a databook as JSON.
Get schema for action parameters.
Estimate dlogz and variance from log ais w.
Test for follow import incomplete.
Get the state of a joyent node.
Format a device dictionary into a string.
Convert a web. http value to a tuple of http status code and log message.
Get the md5 hash of a file.
Get application id from environment variable.
Detach a zone from a zone.
Encrypt data with a given key.
List storage accounts.
Test write with invalid toplevel meta data
Symlink source to destination.
Generate a random number.
Check the number of jobs.
Read a link from a file.
Get the current capture loglevel.
Parse a keqv list into a dictionary.
Load shows from database.
Check if a repo exists and write it to a file.
send a wait key to mpi
Create a directory lock.
Add a schema entry.
Decode a string using a decoder function.
Convert a date object to a datetime object.
Rotate a matrix around a center of a matrix.
Run a job and print args to stdout.
Find a resource by name or id.
Test that mem aligns the buffer.
Return whether or not the current environment should be profiled.
Validate the length of a string.
Forceescape the given value to HTML.
Given a track list return a list of tuples of track IDs and their respective values.
Register a class with the registry.
unified version of datetime. datetime. unifieddate
Format a IPv6 address.
Parse assigned metadata from a CSV file.
Check if the request host is in the whitelist.
Delete a user from the database.
View widget welcome view.
True if the virtual name is set.
Lift a local optimizer onto a local optimizer.
Return the last argument of the given list of arguments.
Generate translations for the given item.
Check if a graph is a threshold graph.
Get account id from trail arn
cdlpiercing wrapper.
Assert that an event is a datasource protocol.
Update global vmx path
Return a list of all the static names in the system.
Convert a schemata schema to a dict.
Forcefully exit the program.
Solve the diagonal of a polynomial using the polification algorithm.
Temporarily suspend proxy edits.
Return 1 if the union specifier 1 otherwise.
Get an array from a ctypes pointer.
Get filter query.
Allocates resources to the controller.
Build url params from lookup dict.
Process xmodule assets
Convert a machine dictionary into a machine dictionary.
Print an error message and exit.
Check if a device is mounted.
Return the virtual name of the minion.
Check if a segment is completely in an intersection.
Print available languages.
Convert rads to radsec.
Return a thrift literal.
Generate a URL for the evidence page for a user.
Test suggestions for keyhint.
Set p to zero.
Scale a value to the specified range.
A shared task that returns a tuple of the root id and parent id of the task.
Show user details.
Return a rule for a cell cell.
Get python and python directory names recursively.
Convert a model to an entity schema.
Remove a jacket from a container.
Get a float from a string.
List nodes in the cloud.
Sample from a mixture of mixtures.
View a currency.
Verify that the code exists in the given revision.
Definition type setter.
Add translations to flaskbb group.
Return the identity response.
Resolve one PDF to another.
Connects to the user database and adds it to identity. provides.
Check if a config file is safe to read.
Count the number of records in a file.
Install a pgi repository.
Fail a deferred with the given result.
Delete an instance from the cache.
Print equality preds.
List all available repos.
Return a list of all doctests in a text file.
Fetch an option from a configuration object.
True indicates whether or not this is true.
Anonymize a MAC address.
Format a list of args and kwargs into a string.
Returns true if the system state changes.
Redirect to the root page.
Convert mobius to interval.
Authenticate to the server and return the settings.
Test the cross product of two 3D arrays.
Get support mail.
Parse an RFC822 date string into a date object.
Convert a datetime object to ISO8601.
Bayes thresh.
Read a byte string from a file - like object.
Compute a node by host and nodename.
Run the category links plugin.
Return a list of integers sorted according to the sort order of a string.
Set the power state of the device.
Closes the cover tilt for the specified entity.
Extract key and value pairs from params.
Convert a value to an integer.
Get the file name for the given object.
Get all images from a migration table.
Crop an image by the given ratio.
Least - squares polynomial.
Concatenate multiple XML files into a single string.
Check correctness of channelwise function f.
Daemonizes the process if it is running.
Replay gain mode.
Generate audit log entries.
Fail if module completion fails.
Return image metadata as a dictionary.
Stops the salt daemon if it exists.
Print job information to stdout.
Start a new thread.
Get a specific port from a device.
Sleep for a given amount of time.
Calculates the average of a given base temperature.
Get the sheet thickness of the element node.
Test stockwell api.
always ask for a yes
Return a list of naughty strings.
Connect to the blockstorage server.
Convert a datetime object to an ordinal float.
Test that sympy import pi raises error.
Serve an error with a template.
Create a category from a sequence of bits.
Return the filename of the renewal file for the given lineagename.
Return an iterator over all collectors.
Return the number of GPUs in the running process.
Return a list of absolute paths to the plugin package.
View for nesting exceptions.
Write complex128 to file.
Expand a list of columns into a list of columns.
Fit sample with indices.
Check if a topic exists in the specified region.
Batch sort the input iterator by the given buffer size.
Get the date of a commit id.
Find the release date source for the given xblock.
Get a connection to the mail server.
Get the seed number.
Run pip and pip on requirements file.
Delete a thread.
Delete a draft from an account.
Run a test suite.
Insert a new record into the database.
Get viewport.
Update a port
Generate a random salt.
Read changes from a directory.
Test the learning rate for a single step.
Check if an image exists.
Parses a module and returns the visitor module.
Raise raised arguments.
Normalize a version string.
Create a crispy addon.
Temporarily hide attributes from an object.
Acquire a lock.
Initialize terrain module.
Run a studio task.
Given a list of attachments return a sequence of attachments.
Open an error resource.
Return a list of the top bots and mids of a symbol.
Returns True if confirm time is less than limit seconds.
Send all messages in the queue.
Install packages from xbps.
Verify that setuptools is installed correctly.
test htmlinputter no bs4
Scans a file or directory and returns a list of video objects.
Get the total volume of an inv item.
Print a list of queries.
Return a grounded version of c.
Get the doc path for the given path.
Test scenario with inline comments.
Human resource controller.
Find the absolute path to a known file or a known file.
Return the addresses of an endpoint.
Create a temporary config directory.
Get the parents of an item.
Returns a list of datasets that follow the specified user.
Add a batch axis to a tensor.
Generate a random logo.
Split a host and port into a tuple of host and port.
Clone a repository.
Split a provision string into its constituent number and version.
Replace or append a policy file.
Given a source string and a bracket pass the bracket to the next element of the source string.
List all teams in the organization.
Create a note.
Get the current privileges for the current user.
Set default cors middleware.
Yields all files in a directory that ends with suffix.
Show the weights for a given model.
Convert naive timestamp to UTC.
Retrieve the cohorting settings for a course.
Extrude the text of a file.
Get a batch notification listener.
Add a classifier layer to a network.
Test that the prefix of the table is the same.
Return True if view is a list view.
Check that gemini v1. 2 is installed
Expect extra exceptions to be raised if present.
Unwrapped ball.
Make a 2D grid from x1 and x2.
Get multiple values from memcache.
Test that the extracted array is equal to the extracted array.
Assert that a response has the same status code body headers and body.
Unescapes the given text.
Initialize the module.
Find the base image for the given flavor and size.
Assert that e is equal to num.
Remove all refct calls from a function.
Add glacier checksums to request dict.
Apply a function to a list of colors.
Try to open a request and return the uh and whether the request was successful or not.
Pull a docker image.
Ensures that the ensure list csv format is consistent with cv. ensurelist.
Send a message to the reactor.
Create a new VBD.
Remove a set of mods from the pre and post sets.
Compare nzf date and name.
Open a file in quteproc.
Convert a document to sentiment json.
Check if a host is absent.
Merge folder src into dst.
Test the description of a long named feature.
Find a registered package in the registry.
Update universe based on id or symbols.
Return the endian representation of typ.
Find the nearest point of x along the specified axis.
Print confusion matrix.
Convert a list of items to a dictionary.
Get all EIP addresses.
Dump a Python function to a string.
Unpack the bits of myarray into a cupy. ndarray.
Return a blank line.
Send a message to a specific topic.
Destroy an instance.
Read a config file and return a dictionary.
Extend the salt extension with the given description and salt dir.
Decorator for overloading functions.
Group messages by class and id.
Shortstr a string if it is longer than l
Find the index of the closest point in a loop.
Get the indent word of a source string.
Convert a datetime to a timestamp.
Feature selection of documents.
Return a list of floating IPs
Returns a dict with the debug information for the current request.
Returns True if the given address is included in the given IPv6 address.
Get oauth settings.
Add a user to a list.
Combine multiple ws parts into a single ws string.
Generate a jitter coord.
Return True if sys. meipass is frozen
Build all of the HTML and latex.
Generate a calibration matrix.
Calculate the group rank data.
Main entry point for the markdown module.
Loglike log - likelihood.
Test that vocab is less than or equal to text1 and text2.
Import a CSV file into the store.
Convert a value to a slug.
Return a suite of tests.
Extend lixian tasks.
Render a template to a string.
Get a list of library dirs.
Create a UDP packet.
Swap two rows of a matrix.
Print progress by string.
An internal error handler that sets the status headers headers and output attributes.
floor mat to target
Concatenate a list of lists into a single list
Get information about an object.
Return True if l is a list.
Kill a coroutine.
Multiply a node by a multifusion.
Fetch inactive registration IDs.
Check if the given key is expired in the url.
Validate a config dictionary.
Returns a list of paths that are ancestry of the given path.
Send a decision email if the instance has changed.
Start a gluster volume.
Get the number of times a telephony activity is running.
Remove pyc pyo from a file.
Run pip and assert that there is no error.
Resolve a document.
Initialize the module for the mpstate.
Log an exception.
Run decompiler on d.
Yields a generator of localization strings.
Test the senn ratio of the senn problem.
Load configuration.
Convert a list of bytes to integer.
Parse a rule and return a dictionary of updates.
Logarithm of the multivariate normal density spherical distribution.
Extract a zipfile and all its contents into a directory.
Convert a WSA operation to a WSA string.
Check if a module is a vim object.
Check if atrun is enabled.
Returns a list of all subpackages in the specified directory.
Get the username of a migration bot.
A context manager that creates a session and rollbacks the transaction.
Checks if value is a valid imdb person id.
Assert that uuid is the same.
Get access token from code redirect uri app id app secret
Return the number of freeman diaconis bins for a given set of diaconis.
Set an expireat for a key.
Render a template and write it to dest.
Verify a certificate.
Test that a random sample is repeated computation.
Return the SSS of l1 l2 and l3.
Install readline hook.
Try to connect to a ipv6 socket.
Check if a port is open.
Create a WSGI application.
Run bulk build on a package.
Find a module by name.
Parse a list of RGB values.
Remove groupnames from a string.
Create a disk from a distribution.
Calculates the probability density function for the given observation.
Check if a dashboard with the given name exists or deleted.
Create a new canvas.
Initialize a test.
Return the md5 hash of a word.
Prepend www to url.
Return a list of rows from a field.
Return a list of theme directories.
Return the literal value of the given node.
Add a keyhint widget to qtbot.
Create a heavy job XML element.
Returns the portgroup with the given name or none if no such portgroup exists.
Get the parent module for the given level.
Verify that a bucket writable.
Register file extensions.
Convert unicode to unicode.
Check if a URL is a valid scheme.
Set the chost variable to the given value.
Summarize activations.
Get net stats.
Refine a value to a lower - case string.
Find scene absolute numbering.
Test that one sided selection with one sided selection.
Returns True if the given method is a static method of the given class.
Create a GameState object for the given root.
Generate client lib.
Set SSL certificate on bench.
Entry point for the WSGI application.
Strip prefix from device name.
Return a list of nameservers.
Convert an IPv6 address to a 6 - bit integer.
Query the session for the given model.
Sort a list of records by chunk index.
Create a tree from a list of files.
Return the string representation of the treetypes of the root node.
List all containers in a host or path.
Get the name of an instance.
Register a command line interface.
Get ARN from AWS.
Set the position of a media player.
Create a config spec for a dummy vm.
Load summary protos from memcache.
Extract a connection from the urllib3 library.
Logarithmic function.
Returns True if the graph is independent set.
Return the bitmap of a layer with the given coord.
Get a vn id.
Display financial assistance information.
Remove a site from the server.
Returns the semver version of the given version string.
Return True if the named service is running or not.
Parse a version string into a tuple.
Multiply a dimension by b.
Fixture for language 0.
Convert a webattack vector to a string.
Compute the regularization for the given alpha and l1 ratio.
Send a query to the specified url and return the response.
Determine if a template with the given name does not exist.
Create a palette with a light color and color.
Run linkcheck on the system.
Introduces a test that shows the given string in the given tester
Return True if tk type is x.
Parse a gid into an integer.
Returns True if the environment variable is standard.
Register a new language manager.
Get a snapper pre for a given jid.
Return the number of logical cpus.
Test consistency of cpu serial.
Write contents to file.
Given a list of cupy. ndarrays return a list of cupy. ndarrays with
Check the output of a subprocess and return the output.
Run the command line tool.
View for a task time slot.
Fit allknn to sample wt.
Returns the size of the file at path.
Create a subscription for the current user.
Find an executable in the current working directory.
Get a list of harris points from a harrisim.
Encode topo data.
pickle data to filename
Set basic logger to warn.
Validate that device and partition are valid.
Returns a list of messaging urls.
Truncate alert to max bytes.
Return the binary version of the current context.
Convert a 7 - bit integer to an 8 - bit integer.
Return a list of prims and dicts from a list.
Get the version number of a RAR file.
Reverse a view.
Redirect the view to the specified location.
Test scenario post email.
Generate a new ssh key.
Default load option.
Enter an advanced problem.
Register admin boolean tag.
Get the SQL to flush the tables and sequences.
Upload an image stream optimized for the given image id.
Loop over the audio stream.
Invert a Q matrix.
Generate a list of targets from a file or directory.
Main entry point for virtapi.
Twitter inbox view.
Get a list of users in a profile.
Destroy a vm
write noheader no delimiter
Check if a weight is a dyad weight.
Return True if obj is in nested list.
Command - line command for bumping a version.
Convert a name value to bson. name. bson. Document.
Check if the user is logged in.
Parse a response and return a dictionary of content.
Validate read preference.
Execute a plugin and return the result.
Check estimator fit returns True if fit returns False otherwise.
Load ldconfig cache.
Lbp comparison.
Make a slug from a name.
Parse a version string into a version object.
Returns a tuple of whether or not the virtual name is set.
Return the intersection of two lists.
Render a document as JSON.
Import a module by name.
Return the primary key names for the given model.
Modify a packet based on low layer compatibility presence and high layer compatibility presence.
Swap host addr in url with host addr.
Extract a snapshot from a disk.
Get the diffusion matrix for a given axis.
Get the domains of a certificate.
Check whether the given path is the same as the user and group.
Define all servers in the configuration.
Return the number of CPUs in the system.
Setup a universal media player.
reopen a zpool
Quit the application.
Return binaries for qt5 qml plugins.
Check if nupic bindings prerelease installed.
Stage a zmq platform.
Send a file to the netlog.
Check if dhcp options exists.
Generate a test blob for uploading.
Return a list of positive integers from an argument.
Tag a template tag.
Return a new derivative of the given element.
Make ad hoc coverage.
Report raw stats.
Return the hazard of the current hazard.
Performs a copy transpose test for the given backend pair dtype.
Disconnects the downloader.
Remove old versions from the database.
Get a template by name.
Remove handlers from app.
Get crafted text from gcode text.
Add commands to menu.
Calculate the graphsize of a set of graphs.
Find autosummary lines in a list of filenames.
Check if html is valid.
Try to import modname or skip if minversion is none.
Synchronously print a list of URLs.
Get the most recent exercises for a given user.
Generate include search paths for a given header.
Setup the flux led platform.
Gradient of the finite difference function.
Invalidate string dtypes from a given set.
Returns a human - friendly label for a field.
Update a plex library.
Registers a new language manager.
Entry point for the backup command.
Convert an ordinal float to a timezone aware datetime object.
Show affinity group properties.
Make a trans from fromstr to tostr.
Get the checksum of a stored file.
Mute a string.
Verify the user and redirect to the signup page.
Cleans a string and returns the cleaned string.
Check if a path is unsaved.
Report an unknown attribute.
Get a nova session.
Convert datetime to pb2. timestamp
Generate a random hex string.
Wrapper for ndb. toplevel.
Unary expression 2.
Read the content of a cached file.
Generate a random array of size random chars.
Stops the current window.
Test equality of channels.
Get the parms for a given service.
Check if xblock has any children visible to specific content groups.
Generate a random string of nchars characters.
Update the memory usage of a BSD.
Create a base cipher with the given parameters.
Call the xenhost plugin.
Convert geometry output to xml element.
Turn int into str in list.
Entry point for the management feed demo.
Create a testing engine.
Condor a file to external id and message.
Remove samples from a path.
Decode a string using a decoder function.
Return a random site name.
Format a signal and arguments.
Unpack a list of epochs into a list of epochs.
Parse a method descriptor.
Return True if the given name is available.
Remove a message from a channel.
Generate HTML for inheritance diagrams.
Convert string vs to tup.
Assert that the clock is idle.
Check if a paypal id is valid.
Put a list of strings to stderr.
Get sidebar announcements.
Returns the complete key for the given argument or raises an error.
Makes the desired capabilities for the saucelabs
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the machine is virtual or not.
Test for sip hst.
Check if x is a puiseux.
Create a dict from a list of rows.
Create an editable list form.
Convert a dict to a list of integers.
Test if the attribute is empty.
Read the head shape of a BTI file.
Normalize a list of paths and reduce paths if they are not already normalized.
Return the osid and osid for the given flavor.
Compute the node betweenness of g and source.
Return the size of the buffer of an interface.
Renders a link with the given context and expands it to the given text.
Fix xml in text.
Produce a shortest path from a list of locations.
Fit nm with invalid ratio.
Returns the number of items in the queue or - 1 if the queue is empty.
Generate a list of modules and their names.
Set device mtu.
Register a weblate page as an assignment tag.
Register a new core manager.
Convert a list of hsv values to RGB values.
Get the helix complex path for the given helix.
Return a list of active processes.
Returns the current trackpoint.
Return the basename of a list of files.
Render a label tag.
Return an eye of the given length n.
Discard the body of a response.
Make a suite from a Hist object.
Restrict the dataset to the specified fold.
Get all datasets in lddas.
Delete a task from mem.
Get a flow.
Test that a repository url should be cloned.
Get weight from persisted block.
Split a string using shlex.
P labeled statement 3.
Write data to a file descriptor.
Generate a set of random names.
Sync all modules and pillars.
Setup the platform.
Destroy a volume.
Returns True if x is an arraylike.
Create a new metadef resource.
Decompose a power rat expression into base and exp.
Create a private ip
Get the version string for the given version object.
Return True if finding matches a filter.
Parse sshpw rule and return command line arguments.
Add vectors to vocab.
Checks if the given image name is a valid image name.
Get real social auth object.
Load backends and plugins into a build configuration.
Create a tensor of the given dimension.
Get the salt interface.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the VM is virtual or not.
Download a webfile from a URL.
Return the executable for the specified process.
Return an unhandled exception message.
Unpickle a model.
Construct a netloc string for the given server and port.
Check if a command is an app.
Return True if we have bug 17666.
CNV implementation of the CNV class.
Get mirrors for a given git name.
Get an ssl adapter class.
List the contents of a queue.
Returns the absolute path of the file at the given absolute path.
Process a list of paths.
Flatten a series of applications.
Get the application id for the given ios.
Compute the standard deviation of the standard deviation of a time series.
Add a fossil segment to a powerline.
Get an attribute from the configuration.
Add a definition token to a list of tokens.
Check if a user exists in the database.
Evaluates the given image.
Iterate over all dtypes signed by signed dtypes.
Simple regression wrapper for model. predict
Run the WSGI server.
Validate a sound string.
Tamper a payload.
Delete a filesystem.
Filters a private variable from the origin node.
Format data and print out to out.
Move a file from one location to another.
Initialize the console logging.
Encode attachments in base64 format.
Blends two or more columns together.
Setup supervisor.
Find the index of x in a that is less than x.
Assignment expression 2.
Create a facility in the database.
Run a function on the master and return the result.
Compare two dictionaries and report the differences.
Read a partition from a file.
Format an exception and return a list of lines.
Get weather information for a location.
Process an element node.
Get a list of students from frappe.
Set a backend policy on a server.
Clears the current context.
Refine a basic expression.
Add a package to a list of packages.
Initialize http connection.
Create tasks filter.
Serializes the given type with the given accessor.
Attempts to acquire settings.
Send mail template for order.
Decode the payload of a task.
Generate a random filename.
Convert url to IP address.
List available packages.
Post match.
Runs the specified command.
Count the number of chunks in a zipinfo object.
Get a bug from the repository.
Base64 encode data.
Return the SHA - 1 hash of an object.
Expands the given path with environment variables and expanduser.
Get a local service.
Check if a column has a value.
Create a topic.
Decorator for plugin stage.
Return netstat information for Linux operating system.
Restrict a dictionary to only the keys specified in keys.
Make a Thrift service from a list of thrift objects.
Convert an exception to a tuple of error type value and traceback objects.
Return the normal power of an effect.
Return a mssql password for the old passwd.
Return a configuration string.
Return a safe representation of the given object.
Add two images.
Match a metric.
Get global locales.
divmod test for divmod.
Fixture for key parsing.
Create a volume glance metadata.
Get a month by name.
Decorator for registering filter functions.
Return the legvander of x.
Command line interface to freeview surfaces.
Add a course to an organization.
Get the default site for the given app.
Download and build a setuptools archive.
Show user flags.
Compute error rates for label and word counts.
Cartesian to Polar
Create a thinpool and thinlv
Get latest downloadable repository metadata.
Mock a requests get request.
Check if a node is absent.
Create a constant with the given dtype.
Process an xml element.
Return absolute path relative to host.
Initialize the signing module.
Test difficult univariate distribution.
Update unread queries.
Return an orthogonal projection of n.
Get evaluated float by keys.
Receiver for when a job is approved.
Get the training model.
Crop an image to square.
Get the profile for this user.
Get memory usage information.
monkeypatch xonsh. main to shell
provider for provider xrds
Send args to spyder.
Enable named outer atomic operations.
Mark a string as being remarked.
Return the number of days of the week of the week.
Split a low tag into state id name fun.
Replacement for web. hook. command.
Write data to a file.
Reverse a path.
Get the secondary language for the current site.
Find an account by email address or none.
Setup the module admin.
Parse a simpleflake into a simpleflake struct.
Parse streaming media from a json object.
Calculate the gemm of node1 and node2.
Write data to stdout.
Takes a game and a game object and returns a dictionary of player stats
Return a colored version of a string.
Main entry point for the command line interface.
Return the root of a zipline.
Set the maximum amount of memory to use.
Safely convert a SQL string to a SQL string.
Parse a localename into a tuple.
Return True if x is an iterator.
Contextmanager for no handlers.
Render the given value using the given context.
Prints the number of characters in the terminal.
Show details about a keypair.
Unzip a list of ls into a list of nout.
Check if an image is extendable.
Test format of pep8 files.
Detach a load balancer from a load balancer.
Parse a list of lines into a list of stories.
Return the virtual name if it exists otherwise return virtualname.
vk api wrapper.
Download a file from HDFS.
Get the text of a list.
Stop geoserver.
Return a list of tuples containing the absolute path components of the given path.
Set the semod state of a module.
Get a rvm version.
Call maybe function if needed.
Variance of the directional variance of a vector x.
Decorator for astroid functions.
Count the number of stored cookie messages.
Extract url path and query from full url.
Decorator for the user directive.
Return a list of windows version strings.
Remove a section from a file.
Enable or disable debug logging.
Remove dependencies from a dictionary.
Check if a marker is invalid.
Pack x into a list.
Format a fastq record.
Collapse spaces in a string.
Tkinter error handler.
Check if cache headers are valid.
Get a poetry client.
Test human readable formatters.
Add a ratelimit rule to the global rules list.
Delete empty folders.
Finish concatenating events.
mine data from pillar
Filter iptables output by regex.
Read a Julian from a file - like object.
Decodes the given value using UTF - 8.
Check if a connection is dropped.
Defove a channel from a dense image.
Get the os version from a show version string.
Quotes a string and replaces it with a safe + string.
Quote a comment string.
Add a domain to bench.
List users.
parametrized test for arithmetic 1d.
Load certificates from a directory.
Emulate hscan.
Convert a list of strings to a hex string without quotes.
Create a step that checks the dates of the set of dates.
Return a string representation of a table.
Resolve a symlink.
Decode a base64 encoded string and decompress it.
Concatenate two strings and return the result.
Parse auth header.
Squeeze x along the specified axis.
Clear password from server.
Perform a strxor between term1 and term2.
Read a mmap from a file - like object
Create a temporary file.
Get the gcd project environment variable.
Set the value of a field in a document.
Get the path of a jail.
Reload a module.
Convert a locale string to a language string.
Return the basename of a path.
Test instantiate regression.
Subtract a spherical bessel function n from a spherical bessel function k
Openshift backends.
Enables or disables all objects that have been enabled.
Update the woeid of a trigger.
Copy a future state from one future state to another.
Update the parameters with the given bools.
Replacement for pip.
Returns the default language code or the default one if no locale is specified.
Resize an image.
Get timestamp from data at position.
Prepend http if necessary.
Try to find credentials in environment.
Create an image assemble error status.
Make a lineage for a testfile.
Try to negotiate a value based on the response headers.
Check if user is authenticated.
Convert media size to long.
Get the current position and number of loops in the context.
Print a summary of the installed hosts.
Return a human - readable duration in seconds.
Set up a salt environment.
Configure logging module.
Add a header and value to the context.
Convert a range to a list of nets.
Decode a string of 64 - bit chops into a list of integers.
Test client options.
Get a network by CIDR.
Test that erfinv is a GPU.
Format tags in AWS format.
Reset all globals.
Find the start positions of the lines of code that start with the first line number.
Send alerts to all products in the database.
Update a target with dependencies.
Parse null YAML file.
Print warnings for non - existent targets.
Reset warnings to default values.
Return True if the current platform is a netbsd platform.
Repeatedly broken test.
Greatest common divisor.
Looks up the encoding for the given encoding.
Local git branch.
Get the version number from the config file.
Get a host by IP address
Calculate the prim curry of a set of coils
Post - upgrade hook.
Get the options for the virtualenv.
Call a command in a thread or outside a subprocess.
Create a cascade from a loader.
Delete a draft from the database.
Return a copy of f with the normal normal of k.
Convert a value to an integer comma separated string.
Find the parent of element with tag tag.
Prints the given arguments to stderr or sys. stderr.
binhex - Convert a binary file into a hex string.
Get the container version of a container.
Get the document controller for the given doctype.
Create a model from a dense layer sizes conv and pool.
Duplicate a media object.
Updates the floating IP for the specified address.
Teardown test for teardown.
Create a key for the given app namespace and path.
Peeks at the head of a file.
Determine if a node has an acceptable title.
Link a KEGG database to another database.
Remove a sysrc file from the system.
Parse a Subject object into a dictionary.
Map a string to a function.
Send a status update to all videos.
Edit a coordinator dataset.
Setup the platform for amcrest.
Load a dictionary from a tar file.
Port all entities in a datastore.
close to dt d1 d2
Blank a statement.
Get the name of the current branch.
Add together functions to a list.
Compute the softplus of x.
Install a Python module.
fanout a message to a topic
Takes a list of idxs from vals and returns a numpy array of indices.
Search for documents in the specified locale.
Return list of available images.
Convert text to word sequence.
Add an integer variable to an integer variable.
Gaussian smoothstep.
Remove a file or directory.
Yield the argsdicts for the given args and mydict
Check if a schedule is disabled.
Add a search command to a playlist.
Check if the page is 404.
Check if a title is a series episode.
Insert default options into sys. argv.
Update contact.
Create a listmaker node for a list.
Clear the cache for the given placeholder.
Generate a crypted version of the given code.
Save a forum role.
Declare a task as foo.
Return previous media list player.
Returns True if the current network time is valid.
Clean up temporary test directory.
Get the maximum age of a response.
Check that job dependencies are satisfied.
Create a new sync point.
Resolve a DNS address.
Check if expr has a simple delta.
Find get notepad pages.
Remove a user from a host.
Run karma task.
reconint - > reconint
Find a multipart post boundary.
Register a serializer for the given format.
Get the pants scm.
Check if the given discussion id has access to the given discussion id.
Run pip and verify that the local directory contains a dev string.
Load the dependencies of a package.
Obtain a certificate from the specified plugins.
Generate a random Crap string.
Record payment info.
Match a template filename against the project s filetype.
Tamper a string with random characters.
Cumulative distribution function.
enumerator list 2.
Split code at show level.
Convert extra to lower case.
Get the art of an album.
Restore a previously saved resource.
Greatest common divisor for extended numbers.
Generate a random string.
Check missing gmail folders.
cm service accept method
Shorten the body to keep header and trailer.
Download url from batch job when ready.
Load a pycryptodome library.
List members without mfa.
Merge small segments into a single writer.
Find a module by its fullname.
Extract entities from template.
Test for parameterization of a string.
Return True if name is an archive file.
Read a character list from a file.
Clean quotes and conditions.
Test that the prior greater one is greater than one
Index groups.
Apply operators to an expression.
Encode a float to a string.
Remove a module from the system.
Find package data.
View function for viewing orders and statuses.
M assigns llst to rlst and returns rlst.
Generate a path between two rules.
Add a document s content to the list of nodes that have a mtime of fullpath.
Create the default config dir if it doesn t exist.
Concatenate multiple lists into a single list.
Create a matplotlib figure.
Plots the distribution of histograms.
Randomly sample a sphere.
Register a hug directive.
Create a trial from a list of documents.
add end geometry to xml output
Prefetch one level of related objects.
Unsharp mask an image.
Calculate sigmoid of x.
Get the architecture of an image.
Split a path into parts.
Get a resource by resid or name.
Disable tracing.
Given a Python source and a dictionary of replacements attempt to recover constants from the source.
Return a summary for the given worker.
Returns a list of all stylesheets in the specified settings.
Check if the given frame is an ancestor of the given node.
deprecated version of keydata
Create a new collection for the given sequence.
Add loops to the intersections.
Returns the s3 resource type
Returns the difference between two sets of numbers.
Run a command on multiple servers.
Check the status of a qdatastream.
Prune all cached streams.
Get all services.
Parse django adminopt node.
Grab the certbot log
Submit a POST request.
Combine common sections into a single list.
Iterate over the specified number of bytes from a file.
Load positive and negative data and labels from file.
Save content to store.
Check if a cookie is present in the response.
Write the output to a file.
Returns a dictionary of all the fields of an object.
Command line interface for audit changes.
Encode quopri message.
Transfer old ordered location to new ordered location.
Check if user can commit translation.
Validate a package against a test path.
Yield subdocuments from the given document.
Return a new ref.
Flush all data from the database.
Get the input value of an element.
Returns a list of mechanisms from the XMPP server.
Check if a connection has the specified method.
Verify an email.
Add a filter to the registry.
Reject an invitation.
Tries to convert a value to a float or returns default.
Test reconstruction of zeros.
Deserialize count specs from text.
Return a drt expression for a variable.
Log ch.
Returns a dictionary of functions for the given proxy.
Get a list of colors for a given key.
Return the sum of a boolean field.
Returns a vector3 object that maximizes the maximum of a vector3 path.
Truncate a function.
Return the absolute path of the hadoop home directory.
Unregisters the given loader.
Make a pruned version of a file.
Restart the project.
Load data from pickle file.
Keep the dimensions of x and y along the specified axis.
Run the network.
Run the RSS command.
Get a subscription for a document.
Redirect the user to the specified login url.
Remove a database from the database.
Unescape a string using a regular expression.
Download a webpage by id.
Runs pip and asserts that the completion of the script is valid.
Register a node type.
Project certificate subject.
Return a new derivative for the given element node.
Create a new struct with the union of the values in p.
Return a string of the absolute name of a cell.
Get current user.
Create a dictionary of formatters for the specified form.
Show an equity.
Move a key from d1 to d2.
Create a line edit widget.
Set the ordering of the image dimensions.
Create a vmdk spec.
Get soap accessor.
Return a tuple of the name of the given pid.
Build a sdist from py.
Run readmegen with generated readmes.
Find the creation sequence of a graph.
Read a gafbyproteiniterator from a file.
Decode a string from a stream.
Generator that yields authorized keys from filepaths.
Retrieve a resource by sha1.
Create a temporary ca file from a list of anchors
Dispatch stat result.
Check if an exception is unavailable.
Parametrized test for percentages.
Run the test harness.
Returns True if value is less than arg.
Release complete net to ms.
Check for options in opts.
Iterate over an object yielding all its children.
Return True if num is a lower snake case.
Return the filename of the host.
Decorator for hook commands.
Get a module cache.
Render the attach link for the given document.
Register hook for github repos.
Return a string representation of a date.
P labeled statement 2.
Log bugdown error message.
Show the content of an object.
Extract metadata from headers.
Create a new keypair.
Inverse hyperbolic coherence of a hessian
Iterate over chunks of a file.
Select n rows from a series.
Register a translator.
Format an issue line.
Generate a state tag.
Get RDP data from server.
Find empty alt images.
Refresh beacons.
Check if a URI parameter is available for the given event.
Returns a regular expression that matches the given query.
Enable deprecations as exceptions.
Decode a URL query.
Get the source of an object.
Verify that the installed packages are not installed from cache.
Get text field.
Check if a naming pattern is valid.
Convert a tensor to a dense tensor.
Add an entry to the privileged entrypoint.
Wrapper for the docker volumes command.
Fold a function over elems.
Set repository value to given lines.
Run pip and test exit status code when finds no package.
Add a collar shaft to an element node.
Delete all objects in a bucket.
Run standby on the system.
Complete course mode info.
Compress the body with the given compression level.
Read a cached file.
Return the path to one file or folder.
Combine date and time into datetime. datetime.
Test if a value is a mapping.
mine set command.
Open a mass form.
Read a Python code from a file.
Check if snappy is installed.
Return the basename of a path.
Test whether two wavefronts are the same.
Reverse bits a 64 - bit integer.
cosine of x
Consume subscriptions from a topic.
Convert a dictionary to a string.
Detach a network interface from a network interface.
Check to see if the named stack is absent.
Plot a pdf.
Configure a service.
Parse a string of HTTP headers into a dictionary.
Consume items from a queue.
List all nodes.
Capture a hold on a participant.
Returns True if the given module name should be kept.
Remove leading and trailing whitespace from a string.
Call talib s kama on the given dataset.
Deduce alpha implications from a set of implications.
List all available languages.
Return a list of transversals from base and gens.
Get geometry output by negatives negatives and positives.
Get the public key for a vm.
Get the preset count for the audio equalizer.
Sanitize the separators of a string.
Downgrade the CIDR table to a new version.
Validate the metadata for a param.
Check if url is unique.
Setup MQTT alarm platform.
Get or create a sjson file for the given item.
Return the hostname of the host.
Return the virtual name of the minion.
Parse multipart headers.
Return the gid of the current process.
Compile the template files in the given folder and return the list of compiled views.
Generic function to calculate tstat and pvalue.
Return xl date from time tuple.
Adjust the shape of a target shape by adjusting the strides of the target shape.
Rotates x to the right.
Create a new sms outbound gateway.
Return a string representation of a string.
Add an event source to an event source list.
Commits a reservation to the database.
Send a flowgram to a socket.
Test whether rendering of other columns should not prevent rendering of other columns.
Update xbps package db
Decode a string using the specified encoding.
Create an X509 certificate chain.
Cumulative distribution function.
Return the current line number of the given segment.
Copies the original file to the derived file if it is out of date.
Build a path between node1 and node2.
Set the password for a user.
Return a set of errors from a string.
Refresh the database.
Filter a list of flowgrams into a sff file.
Send an error message to the web2py server.
Notify the systemd daemon.
Open explorer for given filename.
Test iforest sparse features.
Callback for menu callbacks.
List all datastores for this VMware environment
Downcase all words in the current buffer.
Returns a list of usernames for the specified users.
Get a continuous query from a database.
Create an image.
Piecewise version of b 0123.
Return the XML representation of a cxel.
Return backends for social auth.
Get backend instance.
Convert an object to ansi.
Convert a cell range to rowcol pair.
Load data from disk.
Unpack a direct tcpip from the given data.
Get the minimum number of sides in the xml element based on precision.
Check if bson is valid.
Ensure src is a file or a string.
Send mail to target.
Command line interface for echoing a string.
Get an s3 image.
Initialize the POSIX environment.
Return the ptp of a along specified axis.
Converts a glance id to an s3 id.
Copy files from src to target node.
Return True if the reason is a todo.
Replace module name and module name with n.
Deploy a certificate to the specified domains.
Convert a sequence of items to bytes.
Return a new class that has the latest version of old class.
Returns a list of all synonyms for the given word.
Filter non json lines.
Save stats to a file.
Create a directory.
Return a variant based on the given template and args.
Redirect to the alt page.
Generate a random salt.
Extract subrois from a timeseries file.
Send a signal to a process.
Pauses the interactive loop.
Convert a string or bytes object to a str.
Get unused port.
Test for HSL to HSL part 17.
Return the standard deviation of a along a given axis.
Return the line number of a function.
Load a checkpoint from a directory.
Convert a timestamp to a string.
Get a list of schedules.
Perform a full covarimization step on the input data.
Raw moment function.
Read labels from a label file.
Random normal probability.
Get the current application for the given frame.
Repeatedly sample samples using the SMEE algorithm.
Command - line interface to resize images.
Start a TLS server.
Register a comment form target.
Unload a module.
Update a quota for a project.
Returns True if text is a keyword.
Run pylint. pyreverse.
Check if a node has been completed.
Unique 1D array.
Start statsd.
Normalize language tag.
Compute serial correlation between series.
Wait until the emulator is ready for the specified prefix.
Strip whitespace from a and b.
Safely delete an image from backend.
Return the memory usage of the windows kernel.
Disable and reload the service.
Pick an authenticator.
List public ips.
Execute a SQL statement.
Draw a regular polygon on the canvas.
Make a violin rugplot.
Get an action by request id.
Unregister a handler function.
Test breadcrumb navigation.
Find the index of media in a media list.
Edit a thread.
The main entry point for the adgroup criterion service.
Get a list of available translations.
Convert a JSON value to a time.
Create a collection on a bus.
Test for non - symmetrized graph.
Pick the position of the eegs in the c dictionary.
Write credentials to a JSON file.
Run the join node test.
Derivative of the expm2 function.
Prepare bearer token for bearer token.
Report flaky tests.
Delete an ACL.
Get the properties of a device.
Create a discrete source space.
Get the format of the comment.
Flatten a message into a string.
Get components from key.
Parse accept header.
Start a new connection.
Validate that value is of type type.
Decodes the result of a search.
Execute a command and return the result.
Raise an exception if the given path does not exist.
Get the avatar url for a group profile.
Test that slices have different dim.
Check if a list is a valid id.
Get values mask dtype and max values.
Escape characters in a string.
Test for horizons.
Handle a foreign key event.
Fit nm1 to x y.
Approve addons approve files no review type
Perform a local optimizer on the given node.
List DNS entries.
Try to convert an enum value to an enum value.
Return True if the current platform is openbsd.
Moves a file or directory to a new path.
Download a file from a URL.
Build all libraries in the working directory
Get the list of topics related to a section.
Change the frequency of all subtitles in the sickbeard.
Run Django test runner.
Create a task message from a task message.
Unquote header value.
Create a cluster controller.
Returns the number of active processes for the given processname.
Get component by name.
Get the names of all nodes in the cluster.
Remove channels from candidates that have the same frequency.
Start a worker thread.
Configures the plot.
Rotate the image by 90 degrees.
Given a year and a month return the index of that month.
Convert a value to an integer or return default.
Make and verify the selection of files and dirs.
Build a MIME message for a multipart message.
Unfollow a user.
Parse a query and return a query object.
Serialize allocations to a JSON dict.
Return a mask of time intervals between tmin and tmax.
Check if text is a valid URL.
Create a directory if it doesn t exist.
Fetch a seed from a seed string.
Get all virtual interfaces.
Get a list of files from an HTML file.
Returns True if the given cron dictionary matches the given date time.
Convert temperature to RGB.
Get a prerequisite milestone for a prereq content key.
Raises a biopython error if the key is not found.
Reducer function for object reducers.
Determine if a filter should be sharded by property range.
Check if a is a task module.
Open a file if it doesn t exist.
Returns True if val1 and val2 are equal to val1.
Wait for a server to be listening.
Extract the root domain from the given domain.
Return a dictionary of freecpu memory and node info.
Computes the norm of a with a given norm.
Computes the centrality of a set of points.
Return True if p is a directory.
Validate scale values.
Load a countgraph from a file.
Remove redundancy from a list of terms.
Create a reference group.
Populate a database.
Get instance type by flavor id.
Authenticates the user.
Convert a timestamp string to a datetime object.
Import classes from a module or a module.
Unpack a bitstring from a string.
Add a prioid command to the protocol.
Check if a subject exists in the given directory.
Main entry point for the text analyzer.
Strip tags from a value.
Lookup an object from a spec string.
Convert an object to a timezone object.
Check if course is enrolled or not.
Modify a file with small chunks.
Make a request to viewfinder.
Get the rerun link for a course.
Check if a nictag exists.
Add tools to toolmanager.
Create a new output manager and start it.
Get the types of all milestone relationships.
Build the headers dictionary for the given api token.
Set taxes on a quotation.
Is the given algorithm an elliptic curve?
Check if a point is inside a polygon.
Allow ctrl - c to handle ctrl - c.
Update a draft registration.
Return True if salt is virtual.
Enable or disable a site.
Samplewise std normalization.
Compare two files.
Handle read field.
Get a vector of words from a Google word embedding file.
Get the version of the package.
Write a course block detail report.
Empty an iterable.
Clear persistent graph cache.
Validate that all flags in val are present in extra flags.
Create a matrix of num rows and num cols.
Evaluates a set of points with a set of prefixes.
Report test result.
Temporarily disable signals on a QObject.
Convert an error to a blobstore error.
Run a statement and print stats.
Change qq header.
Ensure security group exists.
Wait for the given io to complete.
Calculate the RMSE of the results.
Test that there are trailing spaces in the row definition.
Escape rfc3986 characters in a string.
Convert an image from one format to another.
Get the openstack policy group name for a volume.
Display a crash file.
Get the zoneinfo from the zipfile.
Create a new event.
Logs the user out of the session.
Quotes the given text using YAML.
Sine and stochastic model.
Check if id is valid.
Parse the name and version from a string.
Read a long from a file - like object.
Return the kth difference of x along the given axis.
Return the src of filename. If filename is none return filename.
Create a security group.
Add a config to chkconfig
Set a sysrc variable to a value.
Attempt to import settings. at initial setup hook.
Detect the format for the given stream.
Find the extension with the given name.
Find all cached images for a given reference.
Translates a URL to I18N.
Create a list of loc files for the given file creator.
Save store fs. store and store fs. save
Create an X - RPC header for the given lms key and queue name.
Parse command line arguments.
pport d6 state
Convert a dictionary of gff attributes to a string.
Apply overwrites to a context.
Return True if salt is virtual.
Build desired interface configuration.
Insert a document into the database.
DNN gradient input.
Returns True if the given prefix is a valid ipv4 prefix.
Return True if uwline can place on single line.
Get information about a job by jid.
Build a tag map from a list of arguments.
Computes the mean squared error of all lags in x.
Return a new derivative for the given element node.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the virtual environment is available.
Strip whitespace from text.
Create an error message from a dictionary.
Parse a datetime value into a datetime. datetime object.
Get the dependencies of the virtual machine.
Format a time tuple into a time string.
Get xls data from Excel.
Parse a xpi file.
Get a list of all namespaces in the database.
Create a codesearch feed from an XML string.
Get the string representation of the image model.
Get the load average.
Convert an int enum member to an integer.
Strip ns from XML.
Get all forward relationships.
Parse sphinx searchindex into filenames and objects.
Delete an integration.
Run the coverage command.
Ensure tenant is absent.
Get the comment for a particular field in a table.
Create a virtual disk spec.
Filter foreign columns of a table based on a base table.
Generate example rst.
Local optimizer for local optimizers.
Returns true if the square is occupied in the given pixel dictionary.
Forgot password.
Identify names in code.
Check if the given position is valid.
Create a factory for the given state.
Calculates the central moment of xs.
Update axes with image data.
Randomize the correlation matrix.
Get the skew x of a tricomplex.
Reissue a receipt.
Return the unicode representation of the exception.
Run ansible.
Decode a base64 - encoded string.
Retrieve settings from the command line.
True if we are running on a virtual machine.
Processes the xml element and adds a vertex vector to the parent object.
Parse unique urlencoded content.
numericises a list of strings.
Mark a function as slow.
Runs a fast connect and returns a boolean.
Return True if path starts with prefix.
Make a fake server.
Convert a file name to a filehandle.
Validates that the specified version of the payload matches the specified version.
Log trace information.
Load modules from all installed apps.
Store a store in the registry.
Read a file and return its contents as a string.
Create a virtual interface.
Return True if the given issue is a relevent issue.
Persist a value to a file.
Delete all OAuth tokens associated with a user.
Calculate system information type 7.
Performs a test of the confusion matrix.
Load one or more beets plugins.
Start the ioloop. io loop.
Get next unique id for given field and value.
Delete selected objects.
Get the format for the given formatting string.
Check that no fit attributes are set in init.
Return the number of CPUs running on the system.
Create a nrt module.
Calculate the average and standard deviation of a list.
Test for the greater than function.
Create a dataset and add it to delete.
Wait for a server to terminate.
Check if a URI is ignorable 404.
Asserts that a is b.
Get the path to a YAML file for the given builtin name.
Print a string to stdout if debug is True.
Send email notifications for all users.
Get the user with the given exploration id when the user is rated on or none.
Return the basename of a shell command.
Process an element node.
Matches a list of filters to a user - specified filter.
Check if traps are enabled.
Register cronjobs to update collections votes.
Print an unexpected error message.
Uploads a file to the server.
Map a model class to a list of model classes.
Check if the given url is a full redirect.
Search for data in the specified collection.
Return a random sum of distributions.
Extract all the contents of the archive at the specified path.
Return the relative path of the given archive from the given file.
Returns True if the given variable is used in a graph.
Test that hsl to rgb part 12 is equal.
Convert an object to a reference.
Return a new derivation for the given element node.
Append a binary message to a bundle.
Assert that a member is read from another host.
Load a resource from a file.
Calculate control digit for given list of digits.
Convert a locale to a language string.
Return True if predicate is True or False otherwise.
Link a bounce url to an outgoing url.
Add a host to an existing hostfile.
Get the subnet name.
Create a database if it doesn t exist.
Sign a url with the given parms.
Cleanup test remove from figure
Get a list of manipulated paths for an element.
Get terminal width.
Enables or disables an event.
Set quota usage for a resource.
Returns a list of all paratexts in a document.
Edit an ordered product.
Returns a list of server group IDs and name for the specified server group.
Parse flags from a subpattern.
Get the sides of the xml element based on precision.
Load graphs from a file
Get the list of hosts associated with a network.
Load bill versions from a folder.
Convert markdown text to markdown.
Perform an orchestration request to igd.
Delete a device.
Convert a Cartesian to sph.
Fontify a Python node.
Add a folder to your account.
Return the group kind of an entity group.
Create a new group with the given title.
Return True if val is a valid boolstr.
LRU cache.
Check if a score is requested.
Add a lock to a list of packages
Get the type of an interface.
Prepend root dir to opts with path options.
Return the texcommand string.
Get all available services.
Return the username of the current user.
Increase the indent level by the given number.
Read twoline normal data.
Generate lorem ipsum.
Parse shorts from tokens.
Convert geometry output to xml element.
Create a tunnel request string.
Add a list of stmts to a list of statements.
Interact with the given cookiejar with the given url.
Add a batch job to a service.
Return the errno of an exception.
Daemonize a process.
Lookup a table of word vectors for embeddings.
Determines the default project. If no project is specified the default project is returned.
Remove canvas from the list of canvasses.
Output a nested object.
Check if two paths are equal.
Get an integer value or default if it is not possible.
Create a tar archive with the given name and root.
Create a new table.
Remove all available plugin names.
Summarize a markdown file.
Add a dependency to the dependency tree.
Inverse of a.
Detach a volume from a device.
Get sms inbox.
Select the i - th median value of a.
Run basic hcae test on a yaml file
Bitceil a number.
Return a uniform wait time.
Get the names of all nodes that have been defined in the current node.
Split a list of strings into a list of strings
Return a dict with the status code and details.
LZS algorithm for lzs.
Call talib. t3 on the specified dataset.
Set the verbose level of the Python interpreter.
Test that the schema has at least one key.
Generate a random interkey interval.
Convert name to normal show names.
Returns True if the environment variable has mne c.
Returns True if the security manager can access the specified view.
Return the function code and number of a function receiver.
Get a brick annotation for a variable.
Return the number of elements in an iterable that have the largest n elements.
Escape an attribute in HTML.
Find a sample file.
Runs the hook and returns the URL.
Patch sys. path to add num to sys. path.
Concatenate multiple DataFrames into a single DataFrame.
Build resolvers from configuration.
Convert oozie frequency string to hue frequency.
Return the rem of t.
Get the file spec.
Return the URL for the given WSGI environment.
Return the epoch of t.
Create a footnote extension.
Truncate a string to a maximum length.
Check for unit tests.
Plot a figure.
Compute the heldout score of a decision function.
install apt install
Prepare an RGBA array for rendering to a RGBA image.
Get the git changeset for the current working directory.
Get database password.
Return a list of groups for a user.
Create a stack of layers for the given element.
Create a configuration for a managed cluster.
Parse the content and return the index.
Yields the number of lines that match the logical line.
Serialize support data.
Define a string parameter.
Create a fixed IP address.
Check that typical memory error is a string.
Set the condition of the user.
Generate a random unicode string.
Patch os. fork to use gevent. hub.
Pretty - print a frame relation.
Lift clicks on a css selector and waits for it to be selected
Check to see if a trail exists.
Test that multiple column names have the same alias.
Compute the symbolic factor of an expression.
Migrate vm object to host object.
test if h is the same length as h
Provide the acceptance yaml for the given test case.
Check if user can upload dictionary.
Fail if the file should not contain log records.
Write the output to a file.
Ensure time is tz - naive.
Check if nsp is in value.
Split text at sep.
Generate a URL for a handler.
Euclidean distance between two points.
Remove outliers from sequences.
Test merge of metadata.
Register checker with linter.
Generate documentation for all available services.
Routes a view to the API endpoint.
Create and update an image property.
Save an image to a temporary file.
Line2D distance between two line segments.
Remove a user from a group.
Safely convert data to dict.
Get the labels for a node and apiserver.
Check for invalid keys in kwargs.
Run simple scheduler.
Test for issue360 issues.
Test that we can compile and can compile.
Return the node of the node.
Partial token sort function.
Add billing details to an order.
Checks if the given type is a spark step type.
Describe a method.
Replace variables in old contents with new ones.
Convert a file to a list of subtitles.
Compute nearest neighbor of a user.
Test the baseline of evokeds.
Monitor the globals on the socket.
Corrects the given font to the given target font.
Check if we can query journald.
Create an iam policy for a topic.
Watch assets for changes.
Get the data disk for a given vm
Check if source is votable.
Reparam a string with the given dictionary.
Check if the coefs are stable.
Get the craft sequence from a string.
t Returns True if a and b are equal.
Get a jid by jid
Check if mdata is a string.
Test for timestamps.
Compute the sum of a matrix along a given axis.
Return validator data as a dictionary.
Return all neighbors of a node.
Destroy one or more names.
Plot a layout.
Generate a hash of the timestamp of a file.
Inverse test for a basic compound.
Return the power of rhs with respect to self.
Ensure tables is not None.
Capture console log for each scenario.
Apply html5lib to data.
Get a single job by name.
Read samples from a file.
List machine translation services.
Get the effective router for the given appname.
Return the xdg config directory.
Given a filepath or buffer infer the appropriate compression type.
Get a JSON object from the WSGI environment.
Marks the decorated function as unauthenticated.
Returns True if the given command is in the current working directory.
Get user name from skype string
Abort the task.
Convert a string to a list of scopes.
Extract the version from the version file.
Format an boto exception.
Set the bonjour configuration.
Check if a list is an id pair.
Authorizes an access token using the OAuth service.
Get the largest inset loop from the given loop radius.
Approve addons get files incomplete.
Remove an apppool from the system.
Instantiates a proxy with the given bindings.
Decorator to mark django db project as save wrong.
Select proxy based on url and proxies.
Add a dict to a cookiejar.
Log an exception and return a response.
Convert a number to an integer.
Copy a document to a protocol buffer.
Returns the full path to the specified module.
Get the maximum value of first and second.
Try to find a device based on a request.
Return the pid of the specified device.
Split an absolute URI into two parts.
Return a tree from a cix path.
Decode a unicode string using the specified encoding.
Get or create a mrjob role.
Validate that the value is a non negative integer.
Install a button on an addon.
Render a template with the given renderer and template dict.
Write a deb ppp configuration file for the specified iface.
Return True if the given name is not present in the list.
Run the replicas singleton command.
Return a dict with no values for the specified name and profile.
Validate and return an integer parameter.
Get score from submissions scores.
Updates the lut with the given colors.
Entry for afm font property.
Scans the Zookeeper instances and returns a list of tuples.
Convert 01 to 255.
Convert an IP address string to a number.
Get proxies from environment variables.
Returns the basename of the given path.
Remove a geonode layer and resource from the catalog.
cd inside a bar
Tests integration of opsworks.
The main entry point for the adgroup criterion service.
Generate a base64 - encoded token.
Derivative of the abs function.
Compares the psd noise with the psd noise.
Returns the name of the virtual server.
Excelerate pyexcelerate.
Shut down the application.
Check if pid matches the correct match.
Return an http server object.
Pause a number of seconds.
Update quotas for a service.
Register a string event handler.
sprints the text to the specified colors
Set the logging level.
Get the mode of a device.
Create a snapshot of the current image.
Returns True if there was a last error in the current thread.
Return the power of the effect with the given power function.
Return a dictionary of offsets before the block offsets.
Get data from a URL.
Log a message at critical level.
Get the full translation dictionary for the given language.
Generate rows from a range of strings.
Return a list of targets that match the given type.
Generate a crosstalk for a set of connections.
Check that a string matches a pattern.
Returns True if the given object is a data object.
Perform a simple test of the sample wt.
Test feature max length on step with table keys.
Remove characters from a string.
Read a packet from a local socket.
Dump the contents of a biff file to a file.
Get the system username.
Query the vcvarsall for a specific version.
Flatten a list of strings into a single list.
Register a test class with the serializers.
Return grains from osdata.
Merge two files.
Execute a JavaScript script and return the result.
Read a packet from a socket.
Convert an IPv6 address to an IPv6 address.
Get an object from a container.
Update live symlinks.
Returns a sorted list of factors for a berlekamp function.
Create an etag view.
Activate an API deployment.
Run a WSGI function.
Write a CGI response to the output.
Update the policy elements of a policy item.
surround a string with quotes.
Upgrade installed packages.
Get the base name of the repository.
Returns the IPv4 or IPv6 address of the given address.
Add a new category.
Register a service.
Extract serial number from show ver string.
Get the absolute URL for the given path.
Get intersection of x with total solid surface thickness
Route a string to a relative redirect.
Write a masq configuration file.
Move a stored file to another location.
Query for quota reservations.
Evaluate a function over a list of functions and return the result.
Convert markdown to html.
Test that denoise tv chambolle is 3d.
Delete the commit information for a rebalance.
Ensure that the ca directory exists.
Keep the downloader awake.
Test transforms for arraytransforms.
Convert an atom tuple to a tuple.
Generate frontpage pngs.
Send a notice to the root logger.
Get words by content.
Notifier for gitlab.
Infer the type of the given arguments.
Localize a value.
List availability zones.
Parse ml headers into a dictionary.
Build an iterator for the given path.
Test driver for nvidia driver.
Make plots from a JSON file.
Get tree details.
Create a model based on endog and exog.
Assert no element by xpath.
Write a TTY log to a file.
Reset password for a user.
Parse a query and return a sorted query and a sorted sort query.
Get a unique value for a given type and id.
Return the variance of xs.
Get strategy name.
Generate age based on current time.
Main entry point for the portal.
Fail if there are no match rules.
Generate a cache key for the given request.
Computes the residual of a model.
Return the value of an option.
Load images from queue and write to summary queue.
Convert a tag string to a tag string.
Return a logger that will be used for logging.
List jobs filtered by filter.
View for login page.
Attach translations to collections.
Convert a projected entity to a message.
Get language information.
Infer the frequency of the given index.
Decorator for admin auth.
Setup a hyperion on a platform.
Convert a list of cfg to a list of cfgs.
Add cell to task log
Get a service by name.
Fail if a and b are not equal.
Load a test suite from a directory.
Convert an RGB value to an RGB value.
Add a custom key to a string.
Write properties to the document.
Read an array from a file.
Print usage information.
Run the component and publish the result.
Create a zone for a service.
Return the total number of seconds since delta.
Get a file writer.
Summarize trainable variables.
Check if the user can browse the repository reviews.
Lighten a color by a percentage.
Process an svg element.
Register cronjobs to exclude a set of regions.
Plot a scatter of xs and ys.
Process a docstring.
Remove the iconset from the source string.
Generate shell test data.
Assert that expr is not None.
Get the qemu user.
Returns the userid of the authenticated user.
Return the type of the imp that matches the filename.
Create a directory if it doesn t exist.
Return a list of months for the blog post.
Log a debug message.
Deletes all of the children of the specified image.
Check source code using pep8.
Swap the memory of the virtual machine.
Convert a dictionary of parameters to a list of dicts.
Closes the specified event.
Generate a unit summary document.
Test sensitivity specificity score using binary semantics.
Convert a number to an email address.
Connect to the GCE server.
Stops the running task.
Run a command and return a boolean indicating whether the command was successful or not.
Concatenate two sequences.
Compile the distutils client.
Create a new service.
Generate certificates for students in a course.
Least squares solution to the objective function.
Create a script from a dictionary of settings.
csrf_protect csrf_protect
Process failed downloads.
Check if a table has a constraint with the given name.
Edit a liability.
Generalized string representation.
Convert a 64 - bit id into a 32 - bit id.
Get a deep copy of the data structure.
Test short users list.
Parse the output spec and return dims func num.
Delete an item from an API.
Download a video by vid.
Get the current Python version.
Get the value of a metric.
Overload dummy function.
Allocate a lock.
Get all exploration ids matching the query string.
Inverse of a.
Unpack unicode string and pos from data.
Reshape incoming to new shape.
Replicate a module with multiple devices.
Return the current version of the minion.
Returns True if the current thread is in io.
Save store fs with bad language.
Whether or not the virtual machine is running.
Respond with the given code.
Convert internal date to time.
Get a single object from the model.
Create drawdowns and durations for the given pnl.
Returns a filter spec for the given properties.
Send email to sabnzbd.
Generator that yields each element of the sequence n in sequencen.
Create a mozilla user.
Flatten an iterable or string into a single object.
Test for conditional returns.
Merge non report only policies into a single policy dict.
Create a new node with the given values.
Check if there are any problems in the exam section.
Send an email to the specified recipients.
Search for a string.
Choose the poc type for a file.
Compute the Hessian of the given tensor.
Compatibility function for str and repr.
Find the previous version of a file that matches the given version string.
Get the storage level for the given request.
ground product of two dimensional discrete vectors
Single dimension item.
Given a list of hosts collect the hosts and return the chroot and chroot
Convert an osx url to a local file.
Find the hg tag for a given path.
Yield missing whitespace after import keyword.
Get tiers for a given device.
Block a signal handler.
Apply a function to each element of elems.
Calculate the arccosine of a given value.
Enable or disable transaction management.
Edit user profile.
Recursively globs the treeroot and returns a list of paths that match the pattern.
Format plugin info table.
Order json data according to srv.
Generate a blockdevice id from a blockdevice id.
Get an instance type by flavor id.
Generate n - grams from an iterator.
Load an inline module.
Test cwd with absolute paths.
Validate that the number of values is valid.
Two step backward propagation.
Get all exceptions for a given indexer and season.
Remove vertical spacing before comments.
Test line profile dynamic.
Match subscription with topic.
Fit a sample with a neighbourhood cleaning rule.
Check if the user supports the given object.
Return grains for sunos cpudata.
Test that cookies have changed since last call.
Test for bad cut.
Return the norm of x and y.
Return a list of module descriptions.
fast count smallints in a numpy array
Strip accents from a string.
Set the configuration of the glcanvas
Get the value for a given blob key.
Call cache. use cached files.
Print version and exit.
Returns the absolute value of a.
Return True if the given name has a Python version.
Set the default values for the configuration.
Shift the divisions of a DataFrame by a given number of periods.
Binary log loss.
Flag an instance as modified.
Get a calendar by name.
Generate a random alphanumeric string.
Open a zone resource.
Add an infill boundary to a list of nested rings.
Remove a handler from the list.
Unload a module from the system.
Validate a pack name.
Process an svg element.
Load a class by name and setting.
Gs decorrelation function.
Fix a makefile by replacing all spaces with noalgos.
Derive a key from an extern key.
Test vispy app1.
Build a select field for the tool panel.
Remove tags from an HTML page and return the cleaned HTML.
Get codename of a user permission.
List documents.
Find files in metadata.
Send purchase receipt email.
Compute the Vech vector of a matrix.
Make links for log jobs.
Return True if there is any inherited table in cls. mro
Set the value of an option.
Get a rollback from the database.
Remove a VFS tab.
Check if a file is a fifo.
Monkey patch settings. enable email subscriptions and bcrypt log rounds
Add slashes to a value.
Return a dict of IPv6 interfaces.
Calculate the PCA score for a set of lines.
Test connectivity with the netcat module.
Merge two DataFrames.
Handle register request.
Test the laplace mask of the image.
sample color prefs and map data from options
Send a GET request to the specified log.
Validate a device list.
Create a delim preview of a file.
Convert a path to a human readable string.
Build a qsub command.
Render a genshi template.
Sort a list according to the given comparator and key.
Check if a target exists in bazaar.
Return the link to the cms block.
fetch and save promo imgs
Copy a file to the clipboard.
Print items to stdout.
Create a textfile with the given contents.
Loads the given path and expands macros.
Check the minimum number of healthy instances.
Remove output from data.
Remove a user from a pwfile
A context manager for tabbed browser stubs.
Evaluates the given subs with the given prec.
Format size as a pretty file size.
Create an object for a client.
Yield lines from a list of strings.
Parse driverdisk rule.
Return True if tag is a block level.
Put a secret into the database.
Create a reference from a reference.
Strip listing from output list.
Get the full path to a fabmetheus file.
Defines a step function that checks that a file named filename exists.
Logarithm of the logarithm of the given values.
Download a result from the server.
Returns a list of all the videos in the course.
Parse a URL and return a tuple of path and environment variables.
Ignore not group admin.
Split a cmdline into a path cmd and arguments.
Run a test integration.
Report expected diffs.
Return the Jacobian function of a and b.
Check if a user can edit a setting.
Resize url to maxwidth
Convert a row to a dictionary.
Install custom language.
Return True if item is present in parent.
Set active figure managers to active figure managers.
Send a 302 HTTP status code to a location.
Return a list of paths for the specified scheme.
Setup a platform for TCP sensor discovery.
Find a language in a language dictionary.
Fixture for pytest.
Iterate over all collectors that have no active spawns.
Get the quoted string from a string.
Fetch an entity from the database.
Update the ports in the system.
Get the size of an item.
Get all points from a segment table.
Return a redirect object for the given url.
Process flowgram data.
Delete an image tag.
Generate a year markup.
Get the tracer number for a given process.
Translate a variable name to a regular variable name.
Returns True if a is b.
Get user information from cookie.
Browse an object.
Return the set of ancestors of a node in a graph.
Check the movorder function.
Entry point for the command line interface.
Get the jump point of the other line that is inside the boundary.
Filter roidb based on crowd proposals.
Get value from puppet or player.
Prepare earth position and heliocentric velocity.
Parse snippets from a file.
Unmap a data array.
Check if an IP address is private.
Install a new code.
Convert a hex color string to a tuple of integers.
Get the eol chars for a given os name.
Format an ISO - 3339 datetime to a string.
Creates a new credentials with the specified scopes.
Create a cow image from a backing file.
Run a raw incron command.
Send a mail to the review request.
Parse a string representing a time interval.
Convert a jobsub design to an action.
Returns a generator that yields the names and module names of all registered applications.
Load overrides from a JSON file.
Check if GCC is a llvm.
Get the openshift version for the given facts.
Detect if a stream is a valid python object.
Projection partial entity generator.
Requote a URI.
Invert a data bit.
Optical declarator.
Require invoke version to be greater than min version.
Create a java app environment.
Get role assignments for a user in the database.
Generate a set of keys for the given number of bits.
Fit rus to sample half of the sample.
Check if a course has problem.
Extract a line from text at index.
Create a saml provider.
Drop a site.
Logout from the browser.
Restore the current status of an app.
Compute the damerau levenshtein distance between seq1 and seq2.
List all available queues.
Return a list of relative paths to the given basename.
Get a list of campaign feeds for a given feed.
Generate a fixture.
Modified version of gf. sqf. list
Demonstrate stemmers.
List all commits in a repository.
Entry point for aff4.
clear keystring from qtbot
Add x y to list.
Test get inst data.
Get a colormap.
Get the least cost functions.
Safely reshape an array to a new shape.
Create a celery worker for a string scope.
Process text args.
Convert a long value to a raw string.
Convert a reference to an object.
Check if a resource is enabled.
Calls func with the given args and kwargs and prints a warning.
Get and delete messages from the session.
Run OpenSSL using popen.
Encode an extension as a string.
Return a tuple of all template directories in the specified directory.
Show ipsec site connection.
Draws the current figure.
Check if a vlan interface exists.
Test the max similarity of the submission.
Replace a string insensitively with a replacement.
Register local optimizer.
Verify that the given repository exists.
Delete a collection summary.
Write a plist to a string.
Search for a user in a channel.
Remove an item from a chat.
Compute sigmoid of x.
Find the missing elements in a list.
List all nodes in the cloud
Get a window analyze file.
Returns a whitelisted password for a given field.
Lower builtin function.
Divide a variable into another variable.
Decode a JSON string into a Python object.
Interact with the server in memory.
Get full spec for email.
Configure screenshots for each scenario.
Make a reference node.
Get a new repository.
Concatenate epochs into a single epoch.
Return the intersection of all graphs in graphs.
Load ansible config file.
Validate that a string is an integer.
Return pillar data.
Return the key for a guestbook.
Build a questionnaire from a series.
Publish a notification to users.
Render a string from a lms template.
Return the value of a key in a dictionary or default if the key does not match.
Returns True if the value is aware of the timezone.
Remove a file from the augeas.
Create an array from an array.
bench isotonic regression for y
Create a new document.
Main entry point for pip.
Load a layer from a YAML string.
Format a parameter.
Redirect the given url to the given status.
Escape html with special characters.
Get current user name.
Run the test suite.
Get the current CPU arch.
Get session from session file.
Get a ctypes library by name.
Returns the total sum of squares of y.
Mock stdout or stderr.
Add orbits if they are large enough.
Entry point for the command line interface.
Get the number of members of an image.
Get a service by host and binary.
Unquotes a URL string or None.
Parse a query and return a simplified version of it.
Get the version of a cluster.
Get advertisement text.
Return the virtual name of the minion.
Validate a config against a schema.
Find a reference from a vbd reference
Summarize the columns of a result.
Routes a network to a pre - trained model.
Update target with deps.
Get information about a user.
Get the version of a file.
Ignore comments from lines enum.
Create a new figure manager.
Setup the platform.
List all storage accounts.
Configure logging configuration.
Test implicit inheritance of op implicitly.
Determine if the backup mode is a string or a backup mode.
Get a component review by id.
Convert OS to IP.
Return a list of all states in the specified environment.
Add a skip patch to the result.
Convert a string to yes no.
median test ksample.
Return the path to the server directory.
Get the virtual name.
Clean up the traceback.
Return a list of tables from a list of lines.
Unregister all registered models.
Test that the generated code matches the expected code for the pipeline.
Logs a debug message.
Add a variable to the expression p.
Get next url for login page.
Convert a sequence matrix to a string matrix.
Find a script in the defpath.
Generate a set of keys for a given number of bits.
Get the previous version tag.
Convert a string to a namespace string.
Return a list of all enabled services.
Return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary.
Load a manifest from a bootstrapped package.
Compute the raw anomaly score.
Main entry point for the test module.
Get a filter from a function or class.
Convert datetime to time.
Return a list of returners for a given environment.
Return a slugified version of value.
Get a pixmap by name.
Find the version number from a file.
Run a good algo option.
Verify service type.
Multiplicative expression 1.
Submit a Spark job.
Return the pardir of the current working directory.
Create a history archive and write metafiles to the temp directory.
Delete artifacts from datastore.
Check if feature is enabled.
Fetch requirements from a requirements file.
Get the translated storefile for the given store.
Lease a strategy for a dataset and node.
i can modify the display name
Test smote sk estimator.
Render the inheritance diagram as a latex string.
Convert short color to shor rgb dict.
Get the number of open fds.
Convert an item to a topic.
Save answers to a series.
Test math class.
Import path from pyximport or pyximport.
Define an nd option class.
Create territories in the database.
Returns an OAuth application detail endpoint for the given client id.
Replace dashes with old school.
chi2p approximation of chi2p
Override setuptools to support setuptools.
A wrapper for stats. histogram.
Find the part of an artist in a albumartist.
Check that minimum numpy version is met.
Generate an image from a source file.
test replace update column via setitem
Save an object to a HDF5 file.
Get the local IP address of an interface.
Assert that dt1 and dt2 are equal.
Setup apcupsd platform.
Generate a cookie string.
ms payload 2
Filter all nodes that are subclasses of the given superclass.
Write a text archive to a file.
Escape characters in a string.
center scale x y
Commit an item to S3.
Convert boto exception to a string.
Run outdated flag on the network.
Return True if value is not scalar.
committees td generator.
Delete a resource.
Invert a mapping.
Command line interface for building a JSON configuration file.
Load tests from a test directory.
Get manipulated geometry output.
Create a datetime object from a timestamp.
Create a new hashlib object.
Write a JSON object to a temporary file.
Quote a string.
Command line interface for repos.
Run the server.
Create missing metric perms that are not in view menu.
Migrate a message prefix to a new prefix.
Compare two points for the y - axis.
Open a file and parse it into a Python object.
Return the path to a sub - repository.
Get the current state of a process.
Install folder using relative path.
Return True if funcname is a valid JSONP function.
Return the severity of a check.
Warn if activetcl or teapot installed.
Format a list of filenames as JSON.
Resume a connection.
Get a team from the state.
Persists the current clipboard to the system.
Inverse of a.
Get the next frame of a media player.
Reindex the answers.
Create a descriptor from a protobuf descriptor.
Prune expressions that are not constant.
Get available languages.
Get a resolver for the specified resource type.
Return True if employee is a holiday.
Given a path and a radius return the simplified path.
Returns whether or not the exclude entry is enabled or not.
Perform a dig command on a host.
Manage requests.
Get the number of bytes from a bit stream.
Reduce a residue by a derivation.
Convert a list of SQL strings into a string.
XMLRPC handler for get users and blogs
Hash a password.
Get validity of a registration code.
Test that configdata. section desc is a string.
Calculate the constraint of a sphere.
Check if a spec should be skipped.
Returns True if the given dtype can represent the given string kind.
Delete one or more devices from a mountpoint.
Get list of plugin file names from archive.
Yield struct items from nitems and testobj.
Setup galaxy tool sheds.
Permanently delete a project.
Compute summary of a collection.
Compare screenshots with screenshots.
Project pifacc opts to current t.
Shuffle a list of arrays.
Load an image from a file.
Find an address by public ip and device id.
Add a code cell to a notebook.
Create a version hash for the given item.
Run the multilink command.
Generate a template file.
Parse header links.
Verify the signature of a message.
Get the name of the init command.
Return the virtual name if it exists otherwise return virtualname.
Read maxfilter record from file.
Return OS release information.
Test that the design matrix is finite.
Correct the preds of a matrix.
Connect to a service via ssh.
Create a module and its parents.
Parse patterns into patterns and ignore patterns.
Ensure that the named service is running.
Ejects a DMP from a dictionary f and a dictionary k.
Generate a mimi for a given upid.
Read count bytes as a plain double.
Encrypt a message using the given key.
Read a file and parse it.
Generate a random songlist.
Validate slugs.
Decorator for wtforms2 and up.
Create a tuple of angles.
Return a list of keys matching pattern.
Handler for user edits.
Get the sum of a dtype.
Send a message to the scheduler.
Update the namespace of an item with new namespace.
Check if a route is valid.
Dump a hexdump of data.
Repeat an API call.
Generate a salted HMAC.
Unfreeze a frozen state.
Create a moderator for the given user and forum.
Return usage for all published tags.
Stop the specified port.
Create an EC2 volume.
Return the mood of a sentence.
Create a user with no email address no membership no email no membership no email no user
Render the last updated message.
Convert a resource to a sink.
Get a list of all IPsecPolicies.
Import an optional package.
Get the ssh interface for a given vm.
Sample Rois from Roidb.
Get the codec for the given text.
Return the line number of the current file.
Get information about a gluster volume.
Get the modular function of a callback.
majorize a list of values.
Set the index of the dataframe to the given index.
Deletes the specified url from the specified profile
Remove an element from a pixel list.
Return a copy of f with a slice of m n k.
Render an icon.
Test for getfqdn failure
Setup the platform.
Return None if no such function exists.
Evaluate the given code using the given variables.
Get platform dist string.
Clear a buffer from a remote connection.
Raise error if obj is not a cuda ndarray.
Create a new image.
Queue a list of models.
Return the source of the file at the given path.
Check if a file exists in the given path.
Show hosted service properties.
Call high on the given data.
Swap axis1 and axis2 along axis2.
Set carrier name.
Get crafted text from gcode text.
Convert a dict to a JSON string.
Build a header string.
Set a list of nodes.
test expr against allowed codes
Create a feature for bytes.
Processes the r header.
Renders the given xml template using the given context.
Create a queue.
Decode a list of predictions.
Run a random file.
Split a branchfile into branch and file parts.
Compare two bytes using the HMAC - SHA1 algorithm.
Start a new salt process.
Get all messages from js files.
Add a port to a bridge
A contextmanager that zips a file into a temporary directory and yields the archived file.
Convert a line of text to a keyset
linmod version of ls.
Copy stat from src to dst.
Get the next url from the request.
Swaps text with swapcase.
Parse a raw server string into a dict.
Get issues for a project state.
Update samples in autotest dir.
Test the template against cv. template.
Atonym hook.
Validates a config dictionary and returns a boolean and str.
Return a Monomer of the given function.
Create default groups.
Export all states of an exploration as YAML.
Run a git command.
Sign a certificate using a common name private key and serial number.
Check if a connection is dropped.
Perform cross validation k - folding.
Update profile picture data url
Returns a list of specialized types for the given type.
Simplify an expression or expression.
Return True if ltyp is a pointer type.
Check if a file exists in the include list.
Run code in globals.
Redirect to a different location.
Format a timestamp.
Store a new ticket in the state location.
Generate a valid slug for the given source.
Get mirrors for a given hostname.
arma acf.
Add a new link to the subreddit.
Cluster permutation test.
Return True if the keyring is present in the configuration.
Base64 encode a string.
Unzips a zipped dictionary into a new ordered dictionary.
Show tenant network information.
Get the extensions for a csr.
Get a uuid for the given label.
Create a timer that will search for the specified number of times.
Returns a url for the given viewname.
Get the last http request for the current thread.
Test that prewitt h is horizontal.
install wx app
Load a comparable certificate.
Send admins to the server.
Process an SVG element.
Create a source space and compare it with the source space from label.
Get a list of users email preferences.
Return the physical memory of a string.
Get a secret.
Publish a progress message to the user.
Create an image on the server.
Return a list of events for a resource.
Set the connection to dirty.
Update a client.
safe version of np. isinf
Compute the MDFT for a given number of samples.
Vote for a given document.
Get the text of a file in a given directory.
Compute the stimulus of x.
Update a forum role membership.
Get the size of a directory.
Append an xml text node to the parent.
Test for drange.
Convert unicode unicode to HTML.
Return a list of models to patch.
List all tmux configs.
Register register with arg checks.
Get the plugin module for the given plugin file name.
Update the subject interests of a user.
Returns True if the specified selector is focused on the specified element.
Generate a key based on the given order secexp and hash.
Make aware and use tz.
Unmount a volume.
Return a list of the number of pids in the current process.
Get a loop without intersections.
Make a name for an image.
Return the relu of x.
Open file and return dbm object.
Install prereqs.
Select the first item of x from t.
Set a deep value in a data structure.
Get the python path for the current Python interpreter.
Require a password change.
Generate a python path for the given package.
Given a computer name return a dictionary of information about the computer.
Yield unique items from a sequence.
Set agent settings.
Read a ed25519 signature from a file.
Make a call to the datastore.
Computes the single - valued measures for a given ntwk.
Merges two collections into a single collection.
Returns True if object is a function or a function.
Test pooling with anon variable.
Convert a JSON value to a string.
cd outside a bar
Get the credit provider display names for the given course.
Follow a user.
Retrieve a resource by fid.
Construct an algebraic polynomial from a list of coefficients.
Returns the power of p divided by max denom.
Lookup a mail exchange.
True if salt is virtual otherwise False.
Raises an AssertionError if the keypoints are not valid.
Convert unicode to local.
Strip characters from a string.
Delete a message.
Get the hostname of the LAN.
Get disk backing file.
Chgid a group
Get the version number from the versionfile
Check if the given rt table is available.
Notifies about usage of an instance.
Remove root from a list of paths
Wrap text with width.
Create a new frappe. model. rename doc.
vectorized is element
Get registration for a user.
From 2 d to 1 d to 1 d
Link a failure with a user.
Poll a process and wait for it to finish.
Run the test suite.
Assert that desired is within tol.
Parse a single table into a single table.
Render all the top level actions and render them as HTML.
Get the desktop uri prefix.
Enable a module if not enabled.
Returns true if poly a is inside poly b.
Get crafted text from gcode text.
p iteration statement 2
Extract a boolean value from a string.
Test that the world should be able to absorb classes.
Test that the bokeh version is different from the bokeh version.
Check if a class is abstract.
Get coursetalk key.
Return True if f is readable or False otherwise.
Check if a user can edit a group profile.
Submit a calculate or enroll csv file.
Check for links in a container.
Convert MNC to MVSK.
Return the version of the pi module.
Run a command and return the stdout.
Get a list of manipulated paths.
Setup axes for a 2D plot.
Return the cone of the individual at the given position.
Fit a single class with a neighbourhood cleaning rule.
Assert that all unit summary prefixes are consistent.
Temporarily disable the context manager.
Maximize a value.
Generate a hash of the contents of a file.
Create a new response.
Get the external IP address.
Set a new resource.
Get a socket for the given conf.
Raise crypto unavailable error if crypto is unavailable.
Theme project.
Returns the maximum of x along the specified axis.
Check if we are in qtconsole
Get disabled services.
Given a list of URI schemes return the set of supported schemes.
Get documentation for vim.
Inherit a panel from a base panel.
Return a sqlite3 db instance.
Update options for a model.
Get the display time zone for a time zone.
Test that the expansion of a string is correct.
Load mime types from a list of locations.
Test that port is valid.
Command line interface for running a task.
Calculate the unit price for an offer.
Add a floating IP to a floating IP.
Renders dashboard tags.
Delete a queue.
Return True if entry is a valid fingerprint.
Insert a new primitive tab into a course.
Logarithm of the logarithm of x
Greedily wrap a string in a list of lines.
Returns a list of strings that match all of the trie in string.
Check if a worker is running on a vwa
Asserts that item1 is less than item2.
Test sensor value from code.
Get rounded string.
Wait for a snapshot to be completed.
Read a string from a matrix.
Create a fake option values.
Remove block level tags from doc.
Print julia code.
Get ordered locations.
Get image from test data root
Call a service on a sample.
Blends an image onto a canvas.
Parse a date string and return a time object.
Get regions from RDS.
Get lines without redundancy.
Register a schema for the given path.
Print a summary of the results.
Format html with htmlsafe.
Extract tomcat version from out.
Parses the given tests into a list of tests.
Get a new repository.
Get a random integer n.
Upload a project to vcs.
Allocate a value for a builder.
NumPy scalar constant.
Create a WSGI resource.
Add a host to an aggregate.
Return the backing file name for a given volume.
Return an iterator over all available plugins.
Return a list of all the power types in the system.
Reloads the webservice module.
Login to Google Voice.
Require a template to have a CSRF token.
Return a dict with the given name and whether or not the given name is present in the salt
Print an error message.
Use talib to perform the trendmode on the data set.
Parse the input spec and return the shape of the input.
Get a template library by name.
Return the path to the runtime file.
Returns a list of models.
Skip packages with the specified requirements.
Show a vocabulary.
List inactive vms
Get package name from data.
Parse a comma separated list of tokens.
Remove media list from libvlc media list.
Remove all pyc files in the specified path.
Return the URL for a static file.
Include debug css files in S3.
Check if align percent field is valid
Remove files from public and private storage.
Return the bitwidth of the struct.
Get upgrade information for a package.
Normalize a URL.
Initialize the parameters for the given options.
Computes the commutation matrix of p and q.
Test distance comparison.
Convert a value to a colon hex string.
Step then scenarios are selected and skipped.
Generate a managed section for a cluster.
Return a human - readable time string.
Fetch streams infinitely.
Test for float range.
Get arounds from a loop.
Validate a response.
Project vector v onto vector w.
Complete a list of rules.
Compute summary of exploration and contributors.
Unvouch user.
Initialize webengine.
Get an instance from the identity map.
Log a warning message.
Fixture for project fixtures.
Get the minimum value of a list of paths.
Start a multiprocessing manager.
Check if a list of alphabets are compatible with the given list of alphabets.
Check if a role exists.
Setup the platform.
Delete one or more models asynchronously.
Execute a job on a site.
Sanitize default string.
Calculate the duration of a given number of samples.
Return the name of the dtype of the given object.
Parse a spec string into a list of specs.
Find targets in qualified list that match target.
Normalize html string.
Get an appid from a remote url.
Create a dataset with headers and data.
Delete a zone
Returns a scatter property for the given entity proto.
Unregister a mimetype handler.
Logs out the user.
Compiles the given SQL expression and returns the compiled SQL statement.
Check if a file is empty or cancelled.
Enter a standby group.
Return a list of IPv6 addresses.
Get stylesheet reference from settings.
Call a BGP method.
Check environment variables and exit.
Return a list of MPTT results.
test rfill with num characters
Assert all instances in list are instances of class.
Reguid a zpool
Reload the current working directory.
Strip transient sysmeta prefix from key.
Rename a file or directory.
Broadcast multiple arrays.
Start a new VM.
Make sure volume source space is the same as volume source space.
IP set command.
Render a string to a kml file.
Add positives and negatives to the triangle mesh.
Install a package if it doesn t already exist.
Error handler for Jinja2.
Test that the sum of rows and columns sums are equal.
Get the machine name of the machine.
Filters the given value by replacing all occurrences of str with str.
Test feature loaded from file sets scenario line and scenario filename.
Return a string representation of a datetime. datetime object.
Duplicate a polynomial.
Generate a hash of the contents of a file.
Split a sequence into chunks of length length.
Returns a set of all components of a function or derivative.
Check if pending registration should be approved.
Assert that the points p1 and p2 are close.
Delete a topic rule.
Launch a software switch.
Test completion for default parameters.
Merge a directory or directory tree into another directory.
Escape XML characters in data.
Build a page from a rex request.
Convert bytestring to lower case.
Prints the given command and username to stdout.
Executes the given statement concurrently with the given parameters.
Verify an OAuth request.
Load a model from a pickle file.
Get the vars for all roles and organizations.
Check if a role is absent.
Check if a string is a channel.
Upload a template and reload it.
Uplink busy.
Escapes the given string using the legacy html escapes.
Build a filter query from a list of arguments.
Creates a subnav link for the given text.
Commit files.
Validate that the arch element is a valid type.
Extract items from data.
Split a query string into a path delim and query.
Handle namespaces.
Contextmanager that yields nested contextmanagers.
Convert mcycles to seconds.
Get the description speed for the given lines.
Install from file index hash link.
Get the network adapter type.
Run all tests.
Get a profile class based on settings.
Set the location of the diagnostics.
Apply semicolons to CSS.
Calculate the HMAC - SHA256 hash of a message.
get namespace by id
Collate a binary expression with the given collation.
Filter a string by a regular expression.
Check if a plugin is enabled.
Convert timedelta to float seconds.
Read a short number from a file and interpret as a decimal number.
Recursively remove all files matching the given patterns.
Return a compiled regex pattern for the given indexname.
Convert a string to a chunk.
Partition a list of nodes into a single list of nodes.
Return a list of placeholders for the given extend node.
Test page links plugin show all.
Extracts the text and tail of elem from elem.
Check fresh login.
Is the given address a valid IP address?
Parse kinds and sizes.
Map an object s attributes to an object s attributes.
Move a stored file to another location.
Load the default image.
Parse a format method string.
Get a signed key from a cacert.
Return a list of crawl arguments for a message.
annotate text utf32 directly index into unicode
Get geometry output by manipulation.
Get the value of a hash field.
Make a local path from a string.
Print debug information.
Assert that pip. commands. install is none.
Find the maximum absolute value of a given array.
Setup the platform.
Run sopel. version command.
Convert a list of filenames to a filename.
Process a bitmap file.
Runs the system threading tasks.
Convert a dictionary to transformed paths.
Return True if obj is a set of binops.
Cast an object to a target object.
Returns the nbins histograms of an image.
Check a password option.
Create a triple des object.
Find a network by bridge.
Draw a spectral diagram.
Pair unaligned sequences with HMM.
Get trainset testset and trainset.
Prompt the user for a config value.
Default error handler.
Get the position of a media instance.
Pretty print a list of parameters.
skip if lms is enabled
Parse autopart rules.
Return reverifications for a list of statuses.
Returns the site object for the current site.
Get the path of a given virtualenv.
Create rate limit objects if they don t exist.
Constant function for numpy. asarray
Generate a password for the given text.
Run pytest on collection with maxfail greater than n errors
Get crafted text from text.
Test negative distance.
Change a retention policy for a database.
Add a string to the output.
Return a dictionary property.
Get content and delete content from S3.
Get a type from a type descriptor.
Create ansible environment for integration.
Get sentinel ip.
Given a list of repository dependencies return a tuple of repository dependencies and a boolean indicating whether or not
Iterate over fields in a dictionary.
Remount the device.
Send msg to v2.
Symmetric skewing of a matrix.
Add an end node to an XML file.
Print a tuple target.
Remove qote characters from text.
Archive a package from a list of sources.
Return a prettified version of the order line.
Get all projects in a project.
Checks if a string is a valid integer.
Set environment variables for all hosts.
Get the name of a hybrid bridge.
Matches a dictionary to a sort key.
Default export function.
Return True if freq provides cors features.
Test reraise.
Get saved rules from a conf file.
Create database.
Return the number of CPUs on the system.
Get the number of revisions.
Convert a version string to a tuple of integers.
reader for a group feed
Initialize a viewer for the given rows and columns.
Concatenate multiple models with the given attribute.
Run the mainloop.
Color text according to the given color and attributes.
Get package name from filepath.
Formats the given string using the given format string and args generator.
Add syncing models to a list of models.
Get package information.
Sort n1 n2 by namespace uri and local name.
Train the optimizer.
Resize the tab.
Check if a file exists.
Calculate common variables based on flavor and operating system.
Find all snippet files in a given file name.
Return the current metadata for the given items.
Return a list of sids for each song in test songs.
Get an annotation from a node.
Get snapshot data from Elasticsearch.
Return the next session for a given counter.
Write a string table to an XML file.
Raise an exception.
Decorate a dispatch function with a user name and typeinfo.
Displays a debug error message.
Return True if any of the test paths ignore any of the ignore patterns.
Load a glyph from a font file.
Returns the first day and last day of the given date.
Return a list of all registered drivers.
Inverse of 1d.
Shift a number by a given number of bits.
Rotate an angle along an axis.
Check if upgrade is available.
Return a commit message for the given suggestion.
Create a task that sends an email to a queue.
Allow a function to be public.
Returns a list of datastore fields for the given resource and valid field types.
Rotation matrix.
test get set vector
Get all enabled and disabled services.
Return grains from pillar
Prepare lookup value.
Read a table and check that the column names and number of rows match.
Convert a list of rows to a string.
Looks up a list of agents and returns them as a list.
Detect executable paths from a list of values.
Set properties for an image.
Set gl entries by account.
Get messages from a report.
Quote a string using urllib. parse. quote.
Initialize the environment variables for os2.
Parse a date into a string.
Find a migration repository.
Processes a list of rules and returns a list of rules.
Injector for the injector.
Convert text into an inet aton.
Return the size of the terminal.
Convert a batch of dense tensors into a sparse matrix.
Cache a local file if it exists.
Remove a question tag.
Inject pyopengl functions into the namespace.
Get a remote url from a module.
Check if two rectangles have a collision.
Extract error message from page.
Set a proxy to use.
Check if name is ignored in hass. data.
Get media instance title.
Start logging a file.
Check to see if the server is responding.
Get a list of proxy servers for a network service.
Parse onblog date string and return w3dtf date
Generate a new id for the given entry.
Get a phylogenetic metric by name.
Test warning config for google home listen port.
Decode a unicode string.
Generate a random salt.
Format a list of messages as a stat response.
Create a base cipher with the given parameters.
Add xml to the graph.
Yield successive n - sized chunks from iterable.
Get environment variable from segment info.
Get the access key from the environment variable.
Get the current job from the job stack.
Remove a directory if it is empty.
Returns True if the given user is logged in or admin.
Find all scopes for the given services.
Undo the insertion of extended characters into a string.
Remove leading lines from a list of lines.
Check the version of Bower and raise an error if it is too old.
Get the name of an item.
Generate a random password.
Get crafted text from gcode text.
Parse an xml file and return a manifest object.
Convert plaintext to html.
Acknowledge a port.
Formats the given value as a file - size format.
Add qutescheme handler.
Horizontal stacking function.
Initialize readline library.
Resize promo images.
Check if an action is required.
Submit a draft for a node.
Send decision email.
Return a rebulk of the language rules.
Copy query options to protocol buffer.
Calculate the angle of the axis of a matrix.
Format the name of a user in s3.
Split a string into quoted and rest.
Register a sr loop.
Safely update dict to with values from from.
Create a new user.
Load a list of images into a dictionary.
Generate a tab for a given depth.
Create a recurring job.
Return True if x is at origin.
Create or update a volume type.
Find all tests in a testdir.
Add a time unit and amount to a time.
Initialize a logging handler.
Return the contrast of all pairs in nm
Get root device name from properties dictionary.
Apply a filter to each section of the sos.
Vocabulary of tag objects.
pick channels and types from evoked files
Change ownership of a node.
Get the left point of a list of points.
Initialize the database.
Get associations for a given qos specs.
Convert a timestamp to a datetime object.
Cache a resource id for a service.
Create a tarball from a package.
Set the logger class.
Get the minimum index of the dataset.
Compute the fermat of n.
Get a soup from a URL.
Compute the reciprocal diff between two sets of objects.
Send notification mails for a new language.
Kernel function that returns true if d1 and d2 are the same.
Create a link between a volume and a backup.
Show the details of a specific job.
Get a zone by name.
Remove potential files from a list of matches.
Open a resource stream.
NAME xlsx2py. py
Create pairtree marker for folder.
Calculate the primality of a graph.
Create an application factory.
Temporarily silences sys. stdout and sys. stderr
Test constrain filter max norm.
Test that a string is equal to a delimiter.
Get readme files from tool shed.
Read a cron config file and parse it.
Returns a list of gated content for the given user.
Create a certificate issuer id.
Check if user has permission for a group or org.
Run a limited epoch on a yaml file.
Process escapes in text.
Parse a rarefaction file name.
Print information about a virtual machine.
Parse range header.
Return a tuple of the file and the module name.
Create a new version for the given upload.
Return a list of available modules.
Compute the compression rate for the given meta data.
Add translations to a plugin folder.
Get the result type from the result object.
Validate a URL against a list of protos.
Remove packages from a list.
Get the numba type of a datashape.
Show a bokehjs action.
Create a datetime from a UUID.
Create a new dhcp options.
Scans the reader for variables in the specified frame.
Return a contiguous numpy array as a contiguous array.
Get the angle of the interior overhang of an element.
Lookup candidates for a given task.
Remove the title from the page and mark descendants as pending
Validate a parameter from a dictionary.
Initialize the mpstate.
Add two dicts together and return a new dict.
Compute the idzr and projection of a matrix.
Generator that yields all models.
Return the type of an image.
List all nodes in the specified location.
Check if a device exists in the specified namespace.
Draw a random image and test if it is approved.
Prompt the user for a password and return it.
Return a delimited list of expr.
Get all test cases in a module.
Get all pci devices by instance uuid.
bench r6 function
Generate a jid.
rmtree error handler.
Flask application factory.
Return a list of objects that depend on the device memory.
Get the version number of the server.
Establish a connection to the database.
Run a command and return a doc object.
Returns a random key for descending time.
Check if a file is a tty.
Convert an RGB array to RGBA array.
Return True if the given object has a duplicate txn id.
Check if the given consul URL is valid.
Creates a vim. vm. device. VirtualDeviceSpec with a controller key and a bus number
Get image blob and scale factors.
Stop profiling.
Return a unicode representation of a unicode object.
Create a date object from a string.
Find the longest id in a list of ids.
A context manager that raises an exception when a value is raised.
Add endpoints to a segment.
Simplify a parser.
Convert a version string to a tuple.
Change user and group ownership of path.
Get the cloud configuration for a managed cloud.
Return a list of problems in help text.
Get a consumer by open id.
Return the offset of the current commit.
Check if a hostname is valid.
Get the current time of a media player.
Return a version string that matches version string.
Convert an IPv4 address string to a hex string.
Run a WSGI function.
Open a connection to the specified host.
Return the conjugate of num.
Return a counter of ind1 and ind2.
Bisquare the lowess of a time series.
Split a host and port into a tuple of host and port.
Generate a template from a template node.
End rec data from 64 - bit zipfile.
Raise a comma if the given logical line is malformed.
Compute the mne loc for a coil loc.
Get a list of locale dirs for the given resources.
Get the name and IP address of a Linux adapter.
Redirect to S3.
Minify a JS string using JavaScript.
Remove security group from server.
helper function for node item tool tip helper
Handle a bad request.
Validate the given xsd file against the given xml file.
Test scenario description.
Compute the covariance matrix of the covariance matrix.
Send users emails.
Print basic debug information about this object.
Log a message to the root logger.
Render a change set status page.
Deconstruct a timestamp device id and uniquifier from an asset id.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the VM is virtual.
Send an email to a consumer.
List all certificates for a service.
Escape special characters in a string.
Filters the register with the given property resolver and returns the sorted value.
Normalize a float so that it is less than num.
Replacement for web. shorten.
Remove compiled app.
Return a long description of the file.
Index transactions.
Backup mode.
Get a logger.
Generate a web url for the given view.
Return the primitive of a function f.
Monkey patch a threading module.
Return True if the operating system supports avx.
Register a string event handler.
Unescapes a string and returns it.
Get a supported language variant from a path.
Get arounds from a list of paths.
Remove all images that are older than the current time.
Get the supported language variant for the given language code.
test a list of lists
Part the bot.
Makes a set of testcases for allocated sizes.
Run a script.
Run a tumbolia trigger.
Writes a list of message descriptors to the specified output stream.
Remove an identity from a device.
Recursively change the permissions of a file or folder.
Make a file - like object readable.
Validate a commit message.
Check if dist is in user site.
Wait for a new volume to be retyped.
Class decorator for Python 2. 6. 2.
Transpose a vectorized matrix.
Convert a color value to a string.
Attempts to convert a value into a timeuntil string. If the value is not a string
Determine if the given family is a string.
Serialize an object to JSON.
Get all the instance s uuids for the specified host.
Delete a document if it exists.
List all apps in JSON - RPC.
Get the RFX object for the given packetid.
Parse a list of input sentences into a list of syntrees.
Get the pyos inputhook.
Build jenkins info from response.
Calculate the image filename for an announcement.
Detects the presence of a CSV file in a stream.
Add gradients to a collection.
Parse credentials from command line options.
Log a notice message.
Validate that value is an integer.
Write a string to the output.
Returns a dictionary of language information for the given site.
Convert a python value to JavaScript.
Convert a string to a list.
Register a pcap command to read data from a file.
Drop missing values from y along specified axis.
Monitor the configuration for changes.
Block the current thread.
Fit sample decision tree to sample decision tree.
List virtual interfaces.
Save editor to buffer.
Get a group by id.
Convert a base64 - encoded string to a UIDB64 - encoded string.
Register cronjobs to email daily ratings.
Enable a service.
Run a protoc plugin.
Test whether t1 is grouped with t1.
Generator that yields plain bfs from source.
Return the default nodename for the given hostname.
Send a POST request to the specified url.
Searches for a path in the list of available finders.
Find the element with the specified css selector.
Tag to get available languages.
Reset password.
Find a readline library.
Iterate over all the items in a function and yield them in descending order.
Run gridsearch and test gridsearch.
Assert that first equals second.
Create a shape from a path and a pen.
Concatenate multiple tensors along the specified axis.
Set a font for a section and option.
Get instance faults by instance uuids.
Get a list of breadcrumbs for a given query.
Validate a bug tracker URL.
Call popen and wait for it to finish.
Get the context for a course.
Rebuilds the marshalled bytecode from the marshalled bytecode.
Get the index of the const value of the exog.
Get a file descriptor or a server.
Merge hosts with roles.
Require a single existing key.
Round a number to three places.
Click an element.
Get xunit method from obj if it exists.
Read configuration from disk.
Prepare asides to store.
Resume an instance.
Truncates the specified number of words.
Return a dictionary of information about the current process.
Check if the rewrite of the argument is valid.
Check if the URI is a valid GCS URI.
Displays the tooltip.
Get the dtype of the given dtype.
Update incompatible versions of an addon.
Get the gecos field for a given name.
Return a list of paths from a list of indexes.
Check if the given logical line is none.
Build a list of files in a directory.
Get a driver by name.
Return the name of a function.
Context manager to isolate a lru cache.
Get the dhcp for a given vm name.
Set attribute dictionary by arguments.
Returns the indices of the minibatches in the specified size.
Check if tabs are present in mne. path.
Load an object from a path.
Expand dims into new dimensions.
Returns True if all the tensors in a tensors are all equal.
Convert a list of issues to a dictionary.
Get filesystem encoding.
List beta signed log events.
Return a list of serial strings.
Get the MAC address of an interface.
Multiply a variable by another.
Generate a new datafile with the given number of items
Convert an element node to a container element node.
Yield bar items from an iterable.
Reshape a 2D array to a 2D array.
Pre - run code hook.
Allocate a batch normalized mlp.
Embed an album.
Execute a command.
Generate a random seed of x.
Test for getting a single user.
Remove html characters from atom element.
Return the imode bit of mode.
Calculate the sum of each group of x.
Convert an element node to a container element node.
Handle existing loggers.
Get hardware information for a list of clients.
Returns the linear function of y.
Traverse the input x and copy x to the output d.
Assert that the step command output should not contain text.
Map a list of requests to a stream.
Create a new flavor.
Parse command line arguments.
lcp array from t str to s array
Get the offset of the current salt environment.
Draw polar plot.
Parse an XML response and return a lxml2 doc object.
Setup logging.
Returns True if n is a tuple.
Patched describe step.
Get the path to a resource in a virtualenv.
Get the sentinel object.
Remove a user from a document.
Deprecated version of add slash.
Validate package autocomplete.
Render a dson file.
Manage a project.
Writes the output of the Skeinforge archive to a file.
Run the tool shed repository.
Transmit a message to the remote yard.
Restart or restart the cherrypy server.
Extracts text from the input files.
Check if a requirement is available.
Update the session with the specified language code.
Setup the platform.
Validate slug value.
Test atomic download failure.
Make pad parameters for a curve value.
Get load information for a given jid.
Flag packages in virtualenv.
Run the unimodal test.
Run the test if no targets are specified.
Return the current working directory.
Add a path to the list of paths.
List vrrps.
Get the release group for anime.
Return a list of the number of rows in text that are normal.
Resolve all occurrences of anno with task.
Get a list of ordered categories.
Convert an IP address to binary.
Return True if str is an IPv6 address.
Search ports by name.
Return the path to the makefile.
Binop operator for binary expression.
Poll the network for a given interval.
Return the root directory of the given path.
Enable a Jenkins job.
Create a new figure manager
Template the given text with the given skin.
Authenticate using the cryptographic auth backend.
Sum the parts of the given data.
Merge two dicts.
Convert timedelta to days.
Serialize data to JSON.
Factory for a templated plugin.
Summarize the effects of a live distribution.
Return the base name of the given string.
Get a tenant by name.
Dump a file to the log.
Compute the gradient of a constant expression.
Return the partition of a value within a given divisions.
Decode a base64 encoded string.
Run pip on outdated editables.
Generate a list of addons with name and cat.
Distribute keys to the user and host.
Return a list of manipulated paths for the given element.
Run the appengine app engine.
Extract pillar data from pillar file.
Disable password auth for sshd
Load a bucket.
Create a test image.
Performs the iforest of the isolation forest.
List users in MongoDB.
Return the current git commit.
Get crafted text from text archive.
Run a script or script and call a script.
Pretty print a frame relation type.
Get a pipeline for downloading files.
Writes the output of a translator to a file.
Get a servicegroup server by name.
Query the notes database for a specific user.
Get the arguments for a function.
Print an error message to stderr.
Indent a buffer by count lines.
Error handler for jsonable requests.
Given a list of circle intersections return a list of circle intersections.
Start a block of data.
Get a specific jid from the database
Restore warnings. filters to the given state.
Replaces a link with an absolute URL.
Get the color name of a value.
add reference to file and path conflict
Return the current run level.
Generate indices for bagging.
Set an environment variable to the given value.
Create an error message.
Return True if l has exactly n elements.
butterworth butterworth butterworth filter.
Return a kernel object for the given value.
Test if wedge text is valid.
Return a list of netbsd paths for netbsd.
Create the init file for the given parent dir and child dir.
Check if the swift is virtual.
Install extra packages after wheel.
Compute the perceptron output of the perceptron.
PDF for the Poisson distribution.
Check the version of the client.
mocked get release by id
Test for float doctests.
Create a small undirected graph.
Test a distributed server.
Decode a base64 - encoded string.
Sanitize filename.
Group ranges into groups.
Pretty print obj to p.
Get indexer absolute numbering for given indexer.
Initialize the zone interval table for the given vertexes.
Sanitize a URL.
Process the lenmavlist and show the graph.
Get args from docstring.
Log PDF for dirichlet.
Generate a URL for the given data.
Update a collection summary.
Create a parameter of the given size.
Check if the current event is safe.
test render mri without bem
Install a pip package.
View a table in a storage account.
Reset the locale to the default locale.
Checks if unichar is printable.
Get the machine key for this node.
Accept custom exception text.
Check if a segment matches a section.
Fail if statsd fails.
Split a sequence into chunks of size size.
Return a string representation of the current thread.
Combine a sequence of games into a single sequence of plays.
Get a class from a string.
Lower the value of a deferred type.
Find credentials for a given host.
Register urlize filter.
Test array coordinates distances.
Get all questions for a given complete.
Wrap a negative index with a given dim.
Displays a map for the specified module.
Check if test ends with endings.
Get a key from the config file.
Return the absolute path of a directory.
Enable a service.
Find the management module for the given application name.
Check user tags.
Test feature max length on feature name.
Returns a list of roles with permission.
Get fans for an object.
Return a set of unresolved symbols in the given hex code.
Get the locale for the given category.
Test that the kde function is the same as kde.
Safely quote a URL.
Render a wempy template file.
Get tiles from a list of layers.
Get favorite information for a given content object.
Fill a file with the content of a template.
Setup the sauce browser.
Check if the given path is a directory.
Get raw pillar data.
Get the rights for a collection.
Find the root location of a resource.
Get the geometry output for the given derivation.
Inverse permutation of a permutation.
Exponential moving average.
Clone a bs4 element.
Get a new derivative for the given element node.
Connect to a test server and a client.
Return the journal as a text string.
Test that rgb to hsl part 4 is correct.
Runs a command and updates session counters.
Set the indicator of a board.
Remove an app from bench. app.
Get the status of a task.
Remove vc macro slashes from string.
Interactive command line tool.
Split a filter value into a list of strings.
Test for sparse activation.
Register a language manager.
Normalize aws facts.
Join segment tables into a single table.
Test for fill include exclude names.
Write a buffer to a file descriptor.
Plot the psd epochs.
List all revisions for a given organization or organization.
Convert MC to MNC.
Get season information from a NZ file.
Convert a list of paths to native paths.
Load cache from database.
Serialize data to a pickle string.
Decorator to convert args and kwargs into a dict.
Convert an in - place to a topo optimizer.
Get a dictionary of block devices for the given image.
Merge other into base.
Remove all joinables from os. path.
Callback for libvlc audio set format.
Convert a descendant address to a glob.
Get the server type from a document.
Generate a fingerprint for the given channel samples.
Returns True if x is an integer.
Convert a to a linear operator.
Return a datetime object representing the epoch.
Test whether tkinter is a tkinter.
Suspend a service.
Check if lib imageio and pil are available
Returns the endpoint for the signed apps endpoint.
Check if a string is empty or not.
Filter a report.
Accept connections forever.
Write the corrected mapping to a file.
Read a text file.
Process a mistral configuration file.
Show version of a device.
Authorizes a client with the given credentials.
Returns a coarse datetime with microseconds.
Processes a list of urls and returns a list of tuples.
Create a cuda row type.
Ensures that vpn forwards to the specified private IP address.
Register a media endpoint.
Assert that num is a float range.
expr expr number
Get the state of a step in a jobflow.
Register a tag that returns the URL of the page with the given slug.
List hardware events.
Redirect the user to a new page.
Run a command inside a directory and check its output.
Save a string to a nzb file
Disassociate all IPs from a fixed address.
NAME galhtmlprefix. py
Get an item from the database.
Generate a signature for a public key.
Get the foreground and background colors for a given display name.
Check if a response has a vary header.
Get the path to a template file.
Return the data for a given number of times.
Set ssl certificate key for site.
Contextmanager that sets a temporary locale.
Return an iterator over the types of the given evaluator.
Assert that the icon of the media is the same as the icon of arceus.
Calculate the APK score for a predicted APK.
Find all sockfiles in the current working directory.
Load a yaml configuration file.
Get ipver string from dict.
Run the distrib command.
Flatten a response into a single string.
Flush the database.
Check if the pipestr matches the old style renderers.
Split a sentence into a list of stems.
Return the vulnerability header for a vulnerability resource.
Return the path to the current working directory for the specified platform.
Revert a multivariate multivariate polynomial.
Compute the tower loss.
Return a list of paths that start with the given path.
Proxyconnect decorator.
Create a formstyle div for the given fields.
Force unicode encode or decode a string.
Ensure that the current git repository is in the current working directory.
Convert an instance to a string.
Bokeh installer.
Singular Value Decomposition.
Make a 2D grid of the given arrays.
Add logs between logx and logy.
Return a double quote from a string.
Parse comments from a string.
Parse a list rule.
Return the name of a resource.
Create a document in an index.
Given a value and a queryset return a slug that uniquely identifies the value.
Remove document permissions.
Get the output target extension.
Create a tracking context for the given user.
Test patch returns error on invalid dir
Check if the given path is an archive.
Check that pip version is correct.
Return True if all words have different capillities.
Iterate over all modules in the specified package.
Determine whether or not to certify for course.
Activate environment from path.
Update a user.
Update a mapping from one dict to another.
Prepare a create request.
Format a directive string.
Return the filename of the current state.
Return a list of units for the given arguments and kwargs.
Pairwise pairwise function.
Shift a by b.
Preserve font size.
Return True if s is a multiline string.
Run the test suite.
Perform a studio prompt action.
Convert a number of bytes to a size string.
Format a currency.
Check that the classification report imbalanced multiclass with label label.
Nukes the builddir and releasedir.
assert that tps is the same as tps
Construct a dictionary of author ids for each document in the corpus.
Delete a resource from the WSGI environment.
Read a PSEA file and return a string.
Given a mac ip and hostname insert a dbhost into the database.
Autoencoder function for sparse data.
Ensure the specified profile is absent from the specified API key.
Install ez from scratch.
Assert that first is not second.
Test the evaluation report.
Test regression of 4033.
Duplicates a file and returns True if it is irreducible.
Get the timeout for a given time.
Fix up ff4 characters in p.
bench r11
Get the current state of the telephony.
Encode thing in sys encoding.
Return initial data for a form.
Checkout a user.
Escape a string for variable expansion.
Create the types of the given index.
Process show version and device information.
Change the number of channels in the params dictionary.
Wait for a job in a linode to finish.
Create a new user and user profile.
Connect to cloud loadbalancer.
Expands the bench to 32 bytes.
Returns the fileno of f if f is an integral number.
Apply constraints to a block vector v.
Perform a sting request.
Get a hosting service by name.
Swap host addr in url with host addr.
Parse ethtool options.
Get proxies from environment variables.
Contextmanager that restores the current working directory.
Return the logging level for the given runlevel.
Setup the platform for the lnetatmo.
Read a record from a file.
Return the server of the distrib server.
Verify a file upload request.
Get kind of key.
Return the maximum value of a.
Trailing blank lines.
Initialize the database.
Test whether the template is valid.
Solve the linear system of linear constraints with respect to the given parameters.
Get exception for uncaught api errors.
Returns a list of all videos for the given course.
Add a statement to the name table
Registers a filter to be applied to a string.
Check all tasks.
Parse a mf file and return a tuple of py files and extensions.
Return a single selection.
Return the refmat of a vector p and q.
Setup stubs.
Get a tuple of variables in a given scope.
Indent a line by the given indentation level.
Convert an XML string to a string.
Remove all filenames from descriptor.
Runs a test feature with the given syntax feature name.
Connect to SQS.
Get all mfa devices for a user.
List documents.
Return a sha512 hash of t.
Update top25 contributors for the crontab.
rparam a and b
Remove files that are not in the exclude list.
Symmetric cross product of two vectors.
Write conditional formatting rules to worksheet.
Change the name of a workphone.
Get the head node for a fixer list.
Contextmanager that ensures that the contextmanager exits when the contextmanager exits.
Redirect to the alt page.
Return a column of a tensor.
Check if a key is encrypted.
Convert a number to a nnn string.
Get the path to the ember application
Validate lms config.
Unregister a hosting service.
Decorator to mark a function as not required.
Run the Flask application.
Get course syllabus section.
Return a list of names that match the given pattern.
Get the width of a string.
Destroy an instance.
Download vcs link.
Convert Sina xml to url list.
Create an environment and install it.
Main entry point for the clc server.
Call talib. linearreg intercept with the given timeperiod.
Center x on the center of the grid.
Run a test suite with a colorless outline.
Build a graph from a cursor.
Build a list of operations for an ad group.
Test qdatastream parameterization.
Check if two arrays are equal.
Find drum group device based on track or chain.
Return the base name of the given dev.
Prepare the environment and bem directories for the given subject and dir.
Reduce the precision of an element.
Render a purchase form.
Returns a list of commands for the specified command.
Edit an account.
Get the id of an object or object.
Generate extractors.
Find the renderer for the given object.
Convert a file object to a file descriptor.
Euclidean distance between a and m.
Create an action that will open a default app.
Default handler for cherrypy engine namespace.
Pre - compute method.
Print a message to the error log.
Parse a line of text into key value pairs.
Like joinedload but eagerloads all.
Returns the number of seconds since the given timestamp.
Parse HTML string.
True if salt is virtual otherwise False.
Run sanity code smell command.
Set the creation order of an instance.
Prepare for filtering.
Send a UDP packet to the specified destination.
Generic factor generator.
Kegg convolution.
Get a redis client.
Get regions.
Return the maximum value of a variable.
Get a list of all files in the specified store.
Get remote resource limits.
Normalize env var references in a string.
Check if data sharing consent required at login.
Initialize the multiprocessing thread.
Test django admin media serving.
Set the dirty flag for a thread.
Return the identity of arg.
Invalidate all edges of a node in a heap.
Get the decimal symbol for the locale.
Checks that a property value is within the specified max length.
Fold a signature s arguments into a list of functions.
Mark a function as skipping doctests.
Get the writer for the given extension.
Test that an ast is invalid unary op.
Assert that all sets are equal.
Unwraps a test suite.
Bootstrap a ubuntu container.
Check if path is a file or dir.
View the given path.
Generate a temporary basedir environment.
Evaluates the given filters.
Search related items.
Reserve a vlanid.
Notify all translation subscribers of a translation.
Get fields from a table.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the virtual server is installed.
Test precision recall f1 score.
Euclidean norm of x.
Cleanup random resources.
Get a list of net connections for the specified kind.
Generate a schedule url.
Generate a unique key for the given arguments.
Match a keyword expression in a column.
Returns the version string for the given version.
Generates a sparse source estimate from a source space file.
Register a listener for events.
Reload the systemctl context.
Get geometry output by loop.
Performs a strict consensus on a tree.
Create a domain domain.
Recursively extrude a file.
Describe a DCC file.
Test whether roberts are diagonal 2.
Re - rearrange a DataFrame by column disk.
Routes an azure login route.
Test if unicode is in filename.
Redirect to the next endpoint.
Test inequality of magnitude.
Send an email to the SMTP server.
Show schema version.
Reject suggestion.
Check if two blocks are equivalent.
Run a correlation test.
cdlonneck a bar
Returns a set of unpassable types for the given argument.
Indent genbank information.
Get a list of jids that match the filter.
Build a WSGI request.
Check if a given check exists.
Parse a header line.
Format a dictionary of state specifications into a string.
Check if a user has permission for a project.
test replace update column via setitem
Convert a dimension and hierarchy into a string.
Apply palette256 to an image.
Get collection summary by id.
Clusters the data using the clustering algorithm.
Run pip and assert that there are no non - existent options.
Return True if doctest. testmod is True.
Assert that we have a boolean type.
Preserve whitespace in a string.
Factorize a list of iterables into a list of lists.
Generate an api url from a web url.
Download files from S3.
Returns the tile width of the given coordinate.
Get VRF data.
Remove a tree from a directory.
Formats a time diff between start and end.
Return the number of lines in strg at loc.
Create a class from a class path.
Return the virtual name if it exists otherwise return virtualname.
Read stringnl noescape pair.
Migrate object labels to new ones.
Set the logger class.
Update the version number of a file.
Rewrite the content of a file.
Return a new derivation for element node.
Generates a java test for the given target and source.
Return a scipy. signal. sosfiltfilt
Encode a binary string and return the output and the number of bytes in the input.
Load a movie from a file.
Return a list of patterns that match prefix with args.
Return the index of the enum value with the given key.
Convert an array like object to a stream.
Check promo health.
Calculate the size of an array.
Main entry point for the feed demo.
Check if new version is available.
Test if all elements in a sequence are equal.
Check if a namespace allows tag namespace for a staff or superuser.
Run a shell command and return the result.
Get the last change of a policy.
Filter register register with no thousand separator.
Check if azure is required.
Print information about registered plugins and their docstrings.
Get the mmap for the given array.
Run the module loader.
Parse the mime type and subtype from the mime type.
Clean filesystem backends.
Apply received command to device.
Generates a comparison image for the event collection.
Return True if the environment is virtual.
Release complete ms to net.
Check to see if a policy exists.
Parses the page and returns a list of absolute file paths
Test if all config files are valid.
Uploads a file to Cloud Storage.
Set owner permissions for a resource.
Set the log format for the server.
Grant access to shared folders.
Check if a label is discoverable.
Shut down threads and wait for them to finish.
Perform a HTTP query and return the response.
Free memory for all VMs in the virtual machine.
Add a notification driver to the list of drivers.
Return the relative path to the given path.
Setup databases and mirrors.
Produce a csv view for the facility management page.
Initialize dataflash logger.
Stub a service.
Use aio framework.
Find substring in string using pattern1 and pattern2.
Format a list of DNS records into a string.
Extract events from a keen client.
Calculate the floor of a matrix.
Update the mirrors of a cygwin.
Test column conversion error.
Whether or not the virtual machine is running.
Append a string to the end of a slash.
Get the size of a file.
Create a default SSL context.
Delete files from the blobstore.
Initialize a link module.
Validate user name.
base type of p
Set an attribute to a value if it doesn t exist.
Get a specific image from the cloud
Deploy a git repository to the specified app.
Split a list of lists into columns of max rows.
Returns a dictionary of geoserver base url and uploader urls.
Return the version number of the ipset.
Format a datetime object.
Validate email address.
Handler for the cherrypy API.
Check if a vlan exists.
Return a copy of the current environment.
Stop the touch app.
Replaces a string with a regular expression.
Test for the replay load template.
Send data to a mock client.
Represent a value for the project status.
Check if a dns name is valid.
Initialize a cycle of colors.
Compute the final layer of the final layer.
Download a file from a URL.
Return a pg string for a word and body.
Parse directive.
Remove all locks that start with lck.
Decorator to check if the pool is insured.
Get vector3 by list of floats
Test whether the given number of points lie within the specified radius.
Return a git line for a list of items.
Format a number as a float.
Count the number of elements in an iterable.
Run on all nodes in the cluster.
Return a list of lines of text.
Check if a point is added to a path.
Count the number of occurrences of query in db.
Read a set of CSV files from a set of CSV files.
Iterate over GPI11 file handles.
Get possible name fields for a model.
Greedily split counts into buckets and fill levels.
List available commands.
Search for labels in a docstring.
Runs a single parameter in a registry.
Get the vcpu pin set.
Edit a snippet.
Claims a worker claim for cleanup.
Convert a version string to a list of integers.
Find a virtual device by uuid.
Returns the set of installed apps.
Remove NA values from a series.
Check if schedule is enabled.
Show the list of available interfaces.
Get information about the server.
Check if a file exists.
Plot a legend.
Set integer setting value to string.
Load a git repository.
Print an alias to the console.
Create a failure object from a JSON failure dict.
Calculate the checksum of an IP.
Make a memoryview with the given size.
Generate a go test.
Simplify the coefficients of a variable.
Lease a host from dhcp.
Reset a git repository to the specified destination.
Calculates the contrastive loss.
Get saucelabs username and key.
Initialize the formulas pillars and reactors
Get the href of the link in the response body.
Check if filename matches any of the given regular expressions.
Replace prefix with url.
Handle filter expression or variable.
Get organization information from a dictionary.
Enable or disable remote login.
Check the password of a user.
Get the set of unused lun ids for mappings.
Filter the input file using yui compressor.
Perform a woeid search.
Contextmanager for creating a secret model.
Add a number to the expression p.
Copy a template file to another directory.
Validate that the given string is a valid field in the arch.
Called when a future is completed.
Get the set of keyword arguments for a class.
Start the dtmf process.
Return the number of genes in the genome.
Get the registry object.
Solve the copula problem with the given transform.
Preload a list of modules.
Translate a formula into a string.
Fixture factory.
Check if a course is small or not.
Show a group.
Initialize all modules.
Dump schema information to stdout.
Create a task to manage imported files.
Get public key from JWT n and e.
Convert a list of lists to a numpy array.
Set the value of key in config. opts
Redirect to the alt page.
Get a list of subplotspecs from a list of axes.
Attach epics to a queryset.
Synchronously execute a zfs command.
Encode an integer into a bytearray.
Convert a string to a boolean.
Get the name of the given principal.
main entry point for unittest.
Unparse endpoint description.
Import secedit config from infdata
Set attributes of a queue.
Get the date of a node for a given node.
Get the fundamentals path for the given sub name.
Delete a virtual machine.
Render field and label.
Shuffle an array.
test del in generator
Clear the cache.
Apply a change to a string.
Split null strings into a list of strings.
Execute a command and return the output.
Get a tree of all executed files.
Return the value of argument as a positive integer.
Return bytes from input. bytes.
Run the test suite.
Get metrics from buddyinfo file.
Mangle a mako loop.
Build an exp freq matrix from the expected frequency matrix.
Resolve the content of the given document into a TOCTree object.
Return the path to the datadir for the project.
Checks if there are any setup wizard panes visible in the shop.
Raise an error if the given name is not None.
Return the Hadamard product of multiple matrices.
Wait for a file to be written to the hub.
Update a comment.
Generate response headers.
Rsync an IP address.
Prepare a list of nodes for a workflow.
Start a vzctl.
Lookup an instance by name.
Find tcl root and tk root.
Setup the bridge platform.
Parse a row and return a list of values.
Get disk stats for a given folder.
Exclude brackets from a list of languages.
I18n robot pull command
Retrieve a row from a resource.
Convert an element to bson. element.
Run pytest. pytest. pytest. mark. parametrize.
Convert an error to images.
Add abstract admonition to cls. doc.
Make or verify a directory.
Get the precision of an XML element.
Remove empty lines from text.
Delete a node from the system.
Update the channel value of a trigger.
Decodes a dense array and returns the resulting array.
Get config value.
Get namespaces from apiserver.
Get a window analyze file given a text.
Check that a reference is valid.
Create a sub - template element with links to the given parent.
Add a policy to a user.
IPython function 2.
Get crafted text from archive.
Get the module name for the given file name.
Get a documented string from a docstring.
Check if user columns are in the system site.
Check if a loop is inside a loop.
Return a random platform.
Detach a device from a zpool
Set the channel value of a trigger.
Add a builddir to sys. path.
Create a storage container.
Check determinism hatches.
List permissions for a vhost.
Return a random slice of a queryset.
Create a channel of the given type wtype wtype and rc.
Create a dialog with an error message
Perform a path operation on a command.
List available plugins.
Setup the platform for a gpsd sensor.
Remux audio.
Sanitise a JSON error.
Convert a glob pattern to a regular expression.
List team members.
Install a configuration module.
Delete a field.
Remove version from href.
Unpack a code string.
Run fancyarrow comparison.
Linear recurrence function for linear recurrence.
Test csp pipeline.
Check if two numbers are close.
Read a file and return a list of file items.
Update supported locales for a list of applications.
Get cap alert addresses.
Quit the main window.
Interpolate a string into a cache slug.
Decorator for pytest. mark. parametrized.
Return the name of a file or None if it doesn t exist.
List receivables.
Yield imports from a line of text.
Return a versioneer configuration object.
Pause a project.
Run scavenge on a list of files.
Determine the disk image type based on the metadata.
Get a relationship from the template.
Return a document link for the given object.
Get the output filename for the given split.
Insert a query into the database.
Redirect to the alt page.
Run the main loop.
Add a protocol command to the tracklist.
Return a relative path from a path to reference path.
Get the distance between two points.
Delete all the tarballs in the specified location.
Update translation catalogs.
Extract a sign intpart fraction expo from a string.
Refresh the database.
Calculate the precession matrix for a given epoch.
Evaluate the polynomial of a polynomial.
Test double close of the pipeline.
Get the stored primary server name from the database.
PUT data to an API.
Create a grader from a configuration dictionary.
install yum install
Log an exception.
Configure a callback function.
Set the icon of a file.
Redirect webengine data to temporary directory.
Split a string into a list of strings.
Get group status.
Fetch all datastore entities.
Get test hooks for a set of test files.
Lookup an ssh host configuration.
Generate a sequence of snippets from a test file.
Returns True if a is a numeric array and is a scalar string like b.
Extract order arguments from request. args.
Setup bench backups.
Create an admin user.
Test that the step has a repr.
Iterate over multiple items in a mapping.
Test whether the current environment supports cx oracle.
Setup the engine and dispatch the email.
Get a list of tables from the database.
Set the title of a media player.
Remove a user from the profile.
Check if an argument is overflow.
Decode a dictionary from a stream.
Parse openssh output.
Create a file digest for the given file.
Return a string representation of a dictionary of attributes.
Login to learner profile.
Register cronjobs to escalate questions.
Greedily reply to a group.
Decorator for hug. request middleware.
Returns True if the current thread is a rush policy.
Yield objects from a stream or string.
Test that x is 2d.
Get all types in a group.
Calculates the fitness of the given genome.
Opens a cover for the specified entity.
Reset the api key.
Register a language manager.
Gallery view.
FDR correction for a set of pvals using the FDR correction algorithm.
Return the gpg command.
Get information about a specific fort.
Get crafted text from svg text.
Download a dailymotion page.
Check if a string contains surrogates.
Format the output of coredump to a dictionary.
Add a local file to a directory.
Return a tuple of system release and version.
Test that spheres are cartesian to spheres.
Convert mime type to main type and sub type.
Get proxies for a given URL.
Monitor messages in twilio.
Check if a user has access to a course key.
Fixture for pip test scripts.
Disable a server on haproxy
MAC interface.
Show migrations for all apps.
Create a sitelink feed item.
Set os release attribute.
Remove the specified destination directory.
Check if the given color is foreground light.
Get a user from the options dict.
Create a key handler for a monitor type.
Get the channel index of a channel.
Reads the evokeds file and returns a numpy array.
Update multi - package packages.
Deserialize a usage key from a string.
Returns a dictionary of queries for all registered plugins.
Remove all users from a group.
Set a key in a section.
Set the prefix of the script script.
Listens for a version event.
Return a list of configuration options.
Generate a file - like object representing the project list.
Update resources from a dictionary.
Write data to fixed width.
Return a list of identity nodes in a graph.
Initialize a collection of objects.
Remove a package from the installed packages.
standby Linux implementation.
get block count url string
Logarithm of factorial.
Try to guess the scheme of a URL.
Check if a lookup needs distinct fields.
Discover the children of the current process.
Match a list of package names.
Leave a group.
Unit division by string.
twiny plot.
Wraps a function to start coloring and exiting the terminal.
Upload files to the server.
Return the last element in a list that is not sentinel value.
Make sample data.
Unlock an account.
Vote for a thread.
Insert or update a document in the database.
Check if a packet is okay.
Launch an application file.
Hashes a plaintext password.
Populate attributes dictionary with project information.
Generate an access token.
Get the output of a vtk object.
Register a filter that returns a list of cached trees.
Get the logo of a video.
Inspect the consumer timer and return a list of requests.
Test permutation t - test.
Activate an account.
Parse a single rule.
Create a Linux distribution.
Test bleach. clean and bleach. linkify.
R squared error.
Find the absolute path to a config file.
Shortcut for django s reverse function.
Delete a virtual interface.
Build tag param list from tags.
Convert PEM cert string to der cert string.
Set the locale for the given category.
Add a module to the cache
Decorator for task error handler.
Format an elemcreate element.
use accelerator to convert agg to wx image or wx bitmap
Create a new der set from a list of objects.
Ping event. target.
Generate a random secret.
Sign a constant.
Clean up database content.
Returns a list of css dependencies for a given group.
Return a dict with the differences between two dicts.
Test that the tensor is flat.
Call talib. macdext with fastperiod slowperiod and signalperiod.
Delete orphan object perms from guardian. models. User object and group object.
Concatenate unicode characters into a single unicode string.
Reboot a domain.
Check if docker app can be deployed.
Compute p from fundamental f.
Apply the given function to the given arguments.
Returns a truncated version of s truncated to width characters.
Generate substitutions for metrics.
Validate a JSON node.
Runs the command output with the given text.
Remove the test file if it exists.
Add lang dict to code.
Make setuptools setup.
Push the status of an item to the data dictionary.
Test that the language is english by default.
Test a random tree.
Convert a configuration dictionary to a kodi dictionary.
Decorator for hook implementation.
Writes the archive to a text file.
Returns a dictionary of messages for the request.
Lockdown a gnome.
Start a threaded server.
Add a tenant to a flavor.
Get the names of time zone names in the registry.
Embed an album in a log.
right - d threshold sequence.
Convert a date string to a number.
List all the components in the system.
Display a deprecation warning.
Shift a script name and path from a given shift.
Locate a pattern in a database.
Generate a grant for a database.
Compute the variance of a set of indicators.
Get the next device name from a list of devices.
Run a mininet cluster.
Get the pyo codes for the given format and dtype.
Delete a user from the system.
Validate optdict against named validator.
Convert geom to int.
Pretty print a string.
Find the top of the autotest tree.
Legacy string to test flags.
Get the directory of feeds.
Make sure that the jname is a valid package.
Return a memcache key for a collection.
Properly print the input to the console.
Save predictions to a file.
Return a string representation of the given datetime.
Decorator for lower builtin functions.
Get the kerberos principal from the hiveserver.
Return the module for the given app label.
Get the Windows directory.
Generate a key for a course.
Get the download url for the given templates and platform.
Get information about an instance.
Tests the operators of the parameter operators.
Decorator for pytest. fixture.
Check if a collection exists.
Plot ica scores.
Quote an etag.
Split a fitnesses into two fitnesses.
Test that csv colnames match the expected format.
Get the bbox header and rotate.
Apply an optimizer to a and b.
Load a file from a path.
Add contacts to provider sync.
Get a provider by name.
Write backreferences to file.
Check issues for warnings.
Create a constant image with the given value.
Select a set of fds from a list of read fds.
mgmt for a cohort.
Run xonsh help and return the result.
introduce a vdi
Raises an exception with the given message and asserts that the msg is in the message.
Convert castra to dask.
Check if a circuit is a scalar non sparse matrix.
Extract messages from a list.
Return a dict with the disabled state of the named service.
Flattens a cell into a list of dtypes.
Get a public key from a PEM string.
Get install server profiles.
Test if a file exists.
Manage binaries.
Create a question with multiple choice.
Get the versioned asset url for the given asset path.
Return True if the system is installed.
Release the specified number of titles from the library.
Strips out out from the output.
Temporarily pin multidb. pinning to the master thread.
Get a key from a record using a composite key.
Get all snapshots for a given project.
Prepare a command to be run in a subprocess.
Marks the application as bootstrapped.
Filter to mark objects as safe.
Return w3af version as a dictionary.
Return the virtual name of the installed powershell.
Load the parser result store from the specified directory.
Get the number of groups in a group by.
Get a translation unit from a source.
Create a consistency group from a source or snapshot.
Check if a center is inline.
Check if a file is newer than another.
Return a string representation of a tuple.
Resync a project.
Convolve input length.
Get the transparent torification.
Identify names in code.
Cancel a draft.
Setup MQTT platform.
Lift a function into a main loop.
Modify reject packet based on low layer compatibility presence.
Return a sorted list of all mapping keys in a string.
NAME org_address. py
Check if the reloader is running.
Spellcheck spellcheck.
Delete a stack.
Create a zeros like object.
Decrypts the given key using the given cypher.
Entry point for the local ansible module.
Get list from email marketing provider.
Validate a resource.
Check if a user can skip entrance exams.
Decompose a kernel into a boolean new kernel and a patch list.
Check that all components have the same kind.
Returns True if the value is None or the field is not null.
Read a vCard from a string.
Register inclusion tag.
Pport a D4 state.
Asserts that the argv of the given command line arguments are equal.
Filter a value based on a string.
Delete a network interface.
Filter registers with force text.
Check if a process is running.
List users.
Destroy an instance.
Create a summary of a collection.
Run a step and confirm all alerts.
Filter for ordinal values.
Update the quota usage for a resource.
Tag to get current language bidi node.
Create a document editor group.
Discard input.
Multiply a vector with m1 and m2.
Create a list of SLS files for the specified format.
Change the mac to the old mac.
Quote a string.
Get the latest status of an episode.
Return a tuple of object type privileges and privs.
Compile source into a Python code object.
Validate a sleep value.
monkey patch sys. modules to make sure that sys. modules is removed from sys. modules
Get global config vars.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the minion is virtual.
Get user information from S3.
Install a pyui package.
Redirects the user to a new path with a slash.
Find all modules in a folder.
Cleanup mode.
Check if a string is a shorthand IP address.
Get image from cloud
Normalize a source path and return the normalized source.
Entry point for the command line interface.
Get vmdk attach config spec.
Reset syslog config parameters.
Read a record from a file - like object.
Create a JS alert message.
Get the size of a file.
Create a new limit.
Maximize a value.
Get profile image storage.
Get the hash of a file.
Update the source unit index.
Deactivate a list of packages.
Demonstrate clustering.
Upgrade the salt environment.
Get a value from a request.
Update supported locales for a single app.
Convert an asyncio future to a tornado future.
Returns the subsector of the current subsector.
Remove logging null handler from root logger.
Prepare input source for reading.
Scale a matrix to a normalized version of the matrix.
Canonicalize gof. local optimizer
Power on the server.
Backup config to JSON.
List all files in a directory.
Get the uid for the specified user.
Test harvest uses test runner.
Prompts the user to delete a repository.
Remove an identity from a device.
Register a locale function for the given url.
Build websocket upgrade request.
Get the uid of nobody
Parse a file and return a string.
Create an int64 feature.
Test that the cons of a string is a list.
Get the description of a track.
Create a textfile named filename and encoding.
Assert that vispy modules have the minimum number of modules.
Return a tuple of error classes for redis.
Get information about a nupic model.
Returns a mask of the given sequences with the given pad val.
Given a list of shapes return the sum of rows and columns.
Join a list of parts into a path.
Split a list of objects by a predicate.
Run f on stdin and stdout.
Test whether the file is a file.
Categorical log - pmf.
Run skype and return stdout and stderr.
Return a string representation of a Python expression.
Return a url formatted with kwargs.
Return a normalized version of the localename.
Partitions the given iterator by the given part.
Contextmanager that creates a temporary temporary style with the given name and extension.
Convert a vni to a bin.
View robots page.
Get the value of a metric.
Create a quick kanban board document.
List all repos.
Set http header. cookie to conf. http
Determine the fitness and quality of a mime range based on the parsed ranges.
Test the form of a table.
Bootstrap a resolver.
Decode feedback from binary tuples.
List all keypairs in the cloud
Check if a line has a key for noqa.
Put an item into the cache.
Yields all diffsets for a given review and current pair.
Create a new der bit string from a binary string.
Renders the given text with markdown.
Extracts a scalar constant from x.
Remove a hook from a class.
View a container.
Returns a tuple of status code and list of urls.
Render a price property.
Make sphere model test.
Get image volume cache by volume id.
Get a security group.
Register a social auth name.
Create the test cache folder if it doesn t exist.
Uninstalls flocker from all nodes.
Add sync methods to a class.
Return a string representation of a color in equal space.
Return a tuple of whether or not the virtual machine is running.
Renders the power of the given children.
Find all files in the output folder and return the output and input files.
Get the name of a profile.
Yields all the URLs for the user facing port.
Restart a service.
Convert indices to a CSV string.
Delete a file. Delete v1 or delete v2.
Print a number of bytes to a human readable string.
Refresh the database.
Safely update the last login.
Create a prefix from a pattern.
Test that no srcdir exists.
Add a seekcur command to playback.
Returns a base64 - encoded string representation of the settings.
Print a list of strings.
Create xml runner for a test.
Encodes an object to JSON.
Count the number of elements in n1 w2.
Execute a command and return the result.
Start twisted thread if not already running
Get a serial number from a file.
Create a new instance of the given instance.
Return a threaded HTTP response.
Given a dictionary of targets and a dictionary of toolsets return a list of all the toolsets
Get style value for element node.
Generate random usernames.
Calculate the angle of the linear region of a dataset.
Clears the volume at the specified path.
Test rational new.
Get platform string.
Update conn info with new connection info.
test if arg of sigmoid is bad
Make a TOTP from a secret.
Encode a value as a JSON string.
One norm 2 norm.
Unpack a Python source into a Python object.
Return True if line ends with any of the characters in line.
List services.
Check if an address is a valid CIDR.
Load contents from pickle file.
Get submodule name from fullname.
Destroy a block device mapping.
Get perfdata for a given counter.
List all certificates in a certificatestore
Create a failure code.
Get auth url.
Prompts the user for a value.
Split an address into local part and domain parts.
Convert value to native Python value.
Get a user by username.
Upload the previous document to the remote server.
Returns True if x is evenly divisible.
Format a job instance and return it as a dict.
Get arounds from a path.
Calculates the Lrap statistic for a set of samples.
Get moto version.
Prepare the RST file for writing.
Handle a file upload.
Inject field overrides into the field data provider.
Check for misordered fields.
Get all reservations for a project.
Yield test targets from the given path.
Returns the string representation of the given text.
Get minus sign symbol for locale.
Compares the current configuration with the current one.
Routes PUT requests to the API endpoint.
Include inline editing if inline editing is enabled.
Return a human - friendly version of the given name.
Expansion function for key expansion.
Check if a line is a multiline line.
Unpack an AsfImage from a byte string.
Create a nzb string from a list of file elements.
Set the signal handlers for the given dictionary.
Put multiple entities asynchronously.
Records a breadcrumb.
Plotly plot.
Return the age of the buffer
Writes the given content to the given path if it has changed.
Render constants. pyx and ifndefs.
Create a directory and all its parents.
Get a media track.
Get evaluated value as string.
Get the IP address of an interface.
Split a string into a list of words.
Saves the current session.
Safely import the module at the specified path.
Get the journal for the current thread.
Renames oldname to newname.
Check if the installation is in grace period.
Fixup enums for enums.
Apply a function to each element of expr and return the result.
Load a command class.
Post a message to mattermost.
Convert a color to qcolor.
Print a list of categories for the given parent category.
Get the version of a dataset.
Return a default value for the given name.
Escape a byte string.
Get f option from list of options.
Authenticate with wns and return an access token
Decorator for pytest. fixture. header checker.
Return True if matrix0 and matrix1 are the same.
Test for parameterization of a tab.
Decorator to test whether django specifying scenarios to run.
Validate that bufsize is valid.
Make a default signal map.
Get a slice of the time series between tmin and tmax
Get the best match for a given cpv.
Get the list of media.
Return an itemgetter function for the given list of items.
Get the rvss for the given minibatch r observed r and minibatch tensors.
Convert a time object to a datetime.
Return a list of rospack plugins for a given package.
Return a set of dtype kinds from a list of numpy arrays.
Send a command to the console and wait for it to finish.
Update translations.
Add a configuration to the MSM spec.
Returns the mean of each class in x and y.
Check if user has rule trigger permission.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the client is virtual.
Release the lock.
Create an IKEPolicy.
Run all the test functions.
Print one training vector.
Interpret an emr step with syslog.
Reload django url configuration.
Run a shell job.
Get all indexes in a table.
Generate a translation file for the given site.
Get a list of macs for a domain.
Set nipy spectral colormap.
Determine the fitness and quality of a mime range based on the parsed ranges.
Connect to cloud networks.
Find prototypes of the given code.
Get metrics from the server.
Add traceback to debug option.
Compute the correlation between two frames.
Check if the line number is out of line method definition.
Generate noise.
Format a list of outputs into a stack format.
Convert a string cell into a row and column tuple.
Inheritance test for multiple inheritance.
Write head pos to file.
Get the latest records for a given resource.
Get the flavor of the current deployment.
Return a tuple of whether or not the virtual machine is running or not.
Auto identified by a series.
Return the comment form target.
Authenticates a user with a shared session.
Factory for creating an export action form.
Prepare information about the inverse operator.
Check if the logical line contains a key.
Make a query from a filter.
Generate a random job prefix.
Exposes a view to a string.
Create a handler for videos.
Get the contents of a file.
Attempts to match a hostname in a certificate.
Render a list of sitemaps.
Create a layer from viewer configuration.
Get proxies from environment variables.
Get the most recent incomplete item for a user.
Test the precision of the formatter.
Komodo install editor
Check if a directory exists in the given directory.
Returns a tuple of whether or not the virtual server is available.
Pause animation.
Incoming SMS route.
Migrate node facts.
Remove a device from a minor number.
Return a generator of all errant logs for the given root node.
Open a pathname and return the reference number.
Test if the class has the given labels.
Fix indentation in text.
Render a genshi template using the given context.
Get a cluster based on options.
Return exceptions for contract creation.
Check if an option exists or not.
Create a variable with weight decay.
Gradient of the gradient of x y z.
Run tests in object main.
Delete a comment.
Normalize paths.
Test that the colormap has the same number of components.
Return the md5sum of a file.
Check if a string is printable.
Check if the given user and group combinations are valid.
Ensure a social link is a valid social link.
Revert a document to a new revision.
Wait for a winrm session to be available.
update stim text
Check flow information.
Shows a page in the web browser.
Delete files from queue.
Create a context dict from a sample.
Register a tag that renders the navigation bar.
Check if the given domain is in default domains
Get cli body from response.
Delete a type.
Get the set of missing permissions for a user.
Sends a mail template using the specified template.
List all available mac addresses.
Find the selected node in a list of nodes.
Creates a class attribute with the given classname and namespace.
Freeze login details.
edmonds karp core.
Check if a request wants json.
Test that the daophot types are correct.
Set the start and end attributes of an element node.
Send a mail to a list of recipients.
Return a list of unique elements in a sequence.
Get the current date time.
Read page header from file object.
Parse requirements from a file.
Compute the WCS using the given key and challenge.
Get the normal vector of the given path.
Normalize a timestamp.
Get all the volume types in a group.
Write an index to the specified group.
Set the cache directory.
Check if a path is a file.
Submit a bulk course email.
Return the norm of angle a.
Get the size of the backend for the given uri.
Tries to write a string to a file - like object. If the string is not a
Queue rating.
Reload syslog ng module.
Test register filter.
Convert a DNS name to a textual address.
Simplified version of scipy. sparse. ones like.
Check if the given line number is a valid vi header.
Dedent a list of lines by dedenting them.
Generate a random base string of length characters.
Break down a cookie into its name and text.
Get the indent of a given line.
Obfuscate the volume of a volume.
Expand a balancer into a dictionary.
Check integrity of sqlmap file.
Strip newsgroup quoting from text.
Convert RGB tuple to HSV tuple.
Get the version of the Windows operating system.
Convert a string to an array.
Sample Rois from Roidb.
Create a container from a POST request.
Make a name for the given package and module.
Check if a named volume is absent.
Cancel payment.
Starts keep errors.
Yield records from a file handle.
Return True if the current version is Python 27.
Calculate the MD5 hash of a file.
Checks if the given entry is a valid hidden service address.
Get a twitter notification service.
Run script usage tests.
Get ami metadata.
refer to a pattern in the request headers
Get crafted text from archive.
Disable a named service.
Get stroke radius by prefix.
Calculate system information type8.
Suggest a semantic version from a string.
Get parameters from layer list.
Reverse version of pkg1 and pkg2
Create a new agent.
Return a slice of iterable with the newest count elements.
Split a path into parts.
Randomize the correlation matrix.
Check that the given attribute is a reserved word.
Save a certificate to the master if it doesn t exist.
Squeeze 2x2 input.
End of a 64 - bit archive record.
Create a toplevel widget.
Save all global repository dialogs.
Create a shell.
Check if a file exists and print it.
Round x to the nearest integer.
Wait until a jid is available.
Get the content of a view.
Get the path to the config file.
Add a like object to the project.
Register inclusion tag.
Load a single cron from a YAML file.
Copy options from src to dest.
Update a resource.
Run api1 api.
Return true iff f == c and u == c.
List all launch configurations.
Get the current zone.
Normalize a form with the given attr list.
Check if the given field is conservative.
Attempts to match the given fs type with the needed options.
Home page for community news.
Generate an identifier for the given key.
Generate a random genome.
Get the path to the profiler log file.
Upload a file to S3.
Whether or not the virtual machine is running.
Return the antidivisor of n.
Entry point for the OAuth2 flow.
Make a uniform pmf.
Update DNS records for an ELB.
Return a gettext representation of the given rule.
Set up the bootstrap module.
Build a network consisting of cyclic networks.
Returns the number of metastrings in the given string.
Set the current locale.
Return a list of all the cluster names.
Return the path to the file for the given job.
Remove nonblocking flags from pipe.
Create fast start scripts.
Listen for a server description.
Convert datetime to UTC.
Wait for a quorum to be reached.
Try to decode a byte string.
Store an object in the cache for the given key.
Normalize text.
Return the base signup form class.
Select routes based on patterns.
Restart a machine.
Get the base path of a URL.
Append a host to a pool.
Get a single flow.
Parses a string and returns a Jinja environment.
Returns True if the console is visible.
Get the default namespace.
Write a list of macs to the specified destination port.
Show the lowstate of the minion.
Get a node by its id.
Create a user.
Check if the repo has conflicts.
Validate that the given string is a valid label.
Return a dictionary with the promoted name.
aid function for idzr aid
Check if an element is bound to a bound context.
Render a string to an HTTP response.
Bump cache for all products.
Create a mock key provider.
Map library datasets to lddas.
Return the current systemd version.
Copy lines from the journal to the journal.
Runs the test runner.
Warn about missing microversion header.
Calculates the median grouped by num.
Convert a raster file to a polygon.
Get a fixed IP address by network uuid and host.
Parse a string and return a list of properties.
Setup canned roles.
Decode a base64 - encoded string.
Sigma estimation function for Sigma estimation.
Consume a queue until it is empty.
Return the length of each item in a list.
Read a header from a file.
Return the versioned base class for plugin and version.
Return a geonode version string.
Perform stratified validation k - fold test.
Saves the uploaded file to a file.
Get the most recent messages for a given experiment.
Return the mapper for the given entity.
Return a human - readable string of the given size.
Get the clipboard.
Sort allowed list by protocol.
Get the name of the current resource.
Create a list of subtasks for the given query.
Check to see if a flag should be accepted.
Assert studio view invalid html.
Parse a timestamp value.
Convert text to a dictionary.
Get blob from storage.
Parse a quoted string.
Handle item deletions.
Destroy a device
Get the domain workgroup for the current workinggroup.
Compute the softmax of a matrix.
Delete a sysv service.
Run sentiment on text.
Get status of SQS.
Computes the varma of x.
Return a sample of the current memory.
Apply a random selector to a control flow.
Get the hash processor for the given algorithm.
Default feedback url.
Match an ellipsis with an ellipsis marker.
Return a local resource URL for the given block and URI.
Generate html report.
Remove a brctl from the system
Return formatted wwn string.
Return a binary string representation of data.
Write contents to a file.
Return the trace of x.
Find a file meta for a given path in a given metadata.
Return pyzmq version information.
Cleans the given headers and returns a dict of the cleaned headers.
Check if the result of a function is different from the last argument.
Redirect to the specified URL.
Cleans the name of a string.
Build pillar data.
Print a tensor.
Find unused port.
Get the content of a file.
Create a dictionary of plugin entries for the specified groups.
Class decorator to register fczm driver.
Security group ensures that the default security group is set.
Set a non blocking flag on a file descriptor.
Check if a product can be cacheted for a given customer.
Clear rc params and update default params.
Correctness test for correctness.
Returns true if the element should be reversed.
Set the API for a method.
Return the current cluster position.
Escape a unicode string.
Focus test completion item.
Main entry point for the script.
Get signature from signature data.
Return the path to the sys. path for the given dev.
Run an apiserver on a given port.
Make an environment key for the given app and key.
Check if content experiments are enabled.
Wait for an event to be read.
Update an existing file.
Write a named matrix to a file.
Unary expression 4.
Initialize the plugin.
Convert a string value to an integer.
Run the test suite.
Create a usage key from a usage key string.
Get the tex path of a variable.
Check that the key is present in the replay.
Delete a location.
Enable a server
Parse a template file and return a string.
Find required chars in a block.
Send a reply to the user if trivial is set to True.
Download an setuptools.
Configure the configuration for the chassis.
Contextmanager that temporarily change the current working directory.
Get activities rights.
Return True if s is a call expression.
Add a sphere to the mesh.
Temporarily change the current user.
Convert a minolta value to a float
Yields num from foo and yields it.
Setup the plugin module.
Return a dict with the latest version of the specified names.
Check if an IP address is a valid IP address.
Returns True if the primed metadata is present in the datastore.
Show all available extensions.
Return the id type of the given type.
Get the netbios node.
Return True if value is an extension type.
Make user images and patch them.
Fit sample to half of the centroids.
my take step 2
Parse a string into an integer and the number.
Create a form for the given list of fields.
Run osf.
Get credential by credential name.
Persist a state set of states to the database.
Set the hostname of the minion.
Calculate the winner of meta from bases.
Print the contents of a file.
Reopen the log file.
Sends a JSON RPC request to the specified endpoint.
Require the context to be authorized.
Ensure a float 0 - 1 array is of the given dtype.
Normalize the arguments of a sequence.
Sample wt from instance hardness threshold.
Wrap an SSL socket.
Check if youtube is available.
Validate cum func with skipna.
Compile a dfn into a python directory
Duplicate a dictionary.
Update jenkins job configuration.
Return theano norm of theanometric norm w.
Remove a key from the cache.
Terminate the scenario.
Encode a hex string to base32.
Returns a submission message for the given status and modified.
Remove special characters from a string.
Get incoming exchange rate.
Send an event to a specific mail.
before a new template is created
Change torrent dir
Given a list of terms return a simplified list of terms.
Add a discussion.
Read a record from a FASTA file.
Inference network.
Get the tricomplex times between the first and the other tricomplex.
Test get filter.
write twoline without bookend
Register a filter function that returns the admin URL for a comment.
Given a dictionary of keyword arguments return a tuple of parent and node.
View function for viewing a watchlist.
Reset all worker optimizations to their original state.
LZ4 encode old kafka payload.
Return pillar data.
Create a virtualenv.
Get the configuration from the current directory.
Command line interface for lixian.
Get the format object for the given format type and language.
Routes a digest auth route.
Check if a hook is valid.
Add labels to a host.
describe a change
Print a string to standard output.
Run a shell command and return the result.
Inverse of x.
Generic function to calculate zstat and pvalue.
Get the current EGL error code.
Log an error message.
Display group members.
Get a list of options for the license register.
Return True if debug is enabled.
Form initial document form.
Return a list of errors when the salt daemon is running.
Return a loop that flips the loop to the given prefix.
Sort a list of markers by marker comparator.
Get all policies for a group.
Count the number of elements in a sequence.
Get vm boot spec.
Ensure path is relative to path.
Test that multiline starts with a multiline.
Openwindow openwindow.
Send a remote command to the remote server.
Create ssh builder.
Toggles the projection of the parameters.
Generate a JWT.
Create a mismatch with the given description and details.
Get the normal weighted distance between two points.
Get the localzone name.
Set a set of booleans in a dict.
Suggest a specific trigger.
Decorator to expose a function as a JSON object.
Check if the given line is a valid i18n module.
Match multiple controls.
Return a dict of enabled services and their installed packages.
Delete a namespace.
Return a slugified version of value.
Test join inplace.
Create a new resource.
Check if a value is safe for the given key.
Run refreshrepo on a module.
Set the audio channel.
Get stats from a cluster.
Return a string of information about an object.
Fetch a key from the cache.
Return a list of pages to show.
Check if the database is up to date.
Download an setuptools.
Returns True if the given mac string is a valid MAC address.
Get recommended folders for a container.
chop a sequence by how much.
Recover all of the workers in the specified LSB.
Shift a function f by n.
Compute the mean and variance of the input data.
Test that the input estimator is unchanged.
Shortcut for s3 trunk8.
Union test by bruteforce.
Manage account password.
True if any of the elements in a sequence is True.
Check that vispy modules have the minimum number of modules.
Create a generic inline formset for the given model.
Convert bytes to long.
Send a notification of a translation.
Return a page message.
Generate anchors for the given base size ratios and scales.
Dispatch a call to a method.
Fixture for the environment.
Update an enrollment for a course.
Install one or more packages.
Run the task.
Test virtualenv version.
Convert a dictionary of frequencies into a list of strings.
Subscribe to a user s creator.
Check duplicates in s3.
Return the indices of all channels of the given type.
Builds a room for example 1 build forest.
Check if a service is upstart.
Shutdown a string.
Get currency name from locale.
Return True if xblock is a unit.
Serialize a remote exception to JSON.
Make a bad request.
Sends an email to the specified unclaimed user.
Check if a user exists on the server.
Generate a docstring from a dictionary.
Initialise the state of the mpstate.
Get the bounds of a slice struct.
Get infos for a given spec.
Create an exog from arrays.
Return a string from a MySQL password.
Uninstall the cache.
Test that multiple reads are equal.
Add short links to a list of documents.
Convert an integer to base36.
Build a list of operations for a list of campaign operations.
Return a list of valid locales.
Expectation test for the model interpolation algorithm.
Create a folder structure.
Check if any of the registered callbacks match the given URL.
Create a collection from a database.
Get a list of api servers.
Run the fix code command.
Check if a user can view reports.
Convert an object to a list.
Return a new case sensitive collator.
Find an adapter for an object.
Yields the values of a key in a nested dictionary.
Delete a file from the storage.
Fail if a and b are not equal.
Compute the quantiles of the given data.
Command line interface for rate limiting tasks.
Encode an input file into an output file.
Compute the QR factorization of a matrix.
Make datetime aware.
Disable profiling.
Generate a s3 authorstamp for the current user.
Safely decode text.
Get the program name for the current command line.
Return a string representation of a list of ids.
Create a multi - indicator array.
Get the title information from the file.
Check if user has permission.
Pre - execute hook.
Translate an offset into a numpy array.
Create a new tenant.
Contextmanager that collects profile information from a file.
Show baremetal node information.
Convert an object to a reference string.
Given a stats object massage it into a JSON dict.
Convert a JSON value to a base64 - encoded bytes.
Returns a list of gitignore templates in the current directory.
Get disabled services.
Calculate the HMAC - SHA1 of a request.
Read images from disk.
Remove packages from list that are not installed
Decode a FVW flag.
Return the cross product of two sets.
Check if the given username and password match.
Get security group details.
Test preprocessor expression.
Get works by iswc.
Get little endian unsigned long given file.
Run a script.
Compress data with frappe.
Resolve a property in a style map.
Invert the tree of a tree.
Get wrapped float.
Wait for a file to be written.
List all users in Kstone.
Returns the name of the signal associated with signum.
Get crafted text from gcode text.
Check the status of an item.
Create a new position for the given latitude and longitude.
Get the extension subtype for the given high type.
Lex mangling bang.
Get the global context for the nav and config.
Blink a clip by d on and off.
Wrapper for sndrcvflood.
Monitor a line if it starts with str.
Find the cover page for a container.
Interpret a marker and interpret it.
Get a cache subnet group.
Parses a docstring and returns a dictionary of style values.
Main entry point for the net command.
test whether the monitor gets the gamma and grid
Check the result of the test.
Get filesystems and globs for each location.
Send a message to a user.
Root mean square error.
Render the current environment and return the response.
Remove a boot volume from a server.
Add a plchangesposid command to the list of commands.
Locate text using the geocode API.
Get the networkid of a vm.
Yields all the modules and prefixes for all the integrations.
Convert a hex number to a binary string.
Load key from config.
Assert that x conforms to unicode guidelines.
Generator that yields rslices from n.
Check if a line is a junk line.
Resize a video.
Convert a phone number to a numeric number.
Returns a list of prime numbers for the given number.
Return the indices of duplicates in fields.
Upgrade an interface to the specified type.
Down an application.
Generate an anonymous id for the given user.
Verify all public and public Sphinx modules.
Check if callback is an api view.
Cache the current style.
Check if a sheet exists.
Lower a constant.
List users.
Load configuration from YAML file.
Connect net to ms.
Reconstruct the path from the current node to the initial state.
Refresh all facts.
Get information about a group.
Return a list of data rows from the given row.
Fit sample with indices.
Edit a folder.
Check if a service is absent.
Search for a person.
Download appstats.
Main function for the network interface.
Print error messages to stderr and exit.
Remove a user from a group.
Get a list of test names.
Change a subscription property on a user profile.
Returns True if the group has a group snapshot filter.
Fixture for etree. toetree.
Create a dd object from a dask array.
Convert size bytes to a string.
Open a local file or a local file.
Return True if obj is null.
Check if year is a valid astroyear.
Check if a user exists.
Euclidean distance between vectors a and b.
P expr list 2
Asserts that all objects in a list are equal.
Resolve a DNS name.
medprice wrapper for talib. medprice
Print an error message to the console.
Logistic logistic function.
Generate faux mime message.
Delete a pool member.
Run the command and test the stop level of the dump.
Convert a module to a Python module.
Hydrator for sources.
Add a request suffix to a string.
Create a cdf from a pmf.
Remove slashes from a string.
Return the kth most frequent value of x.
Read a file and return it as unicode.
Temporarily replace urls with patterns.
Enable or disable syslog on a server.
Auto delete files.
Run the campaign API.
Create a device record from a record.
Return a dict of things for the given SID or list of things.
Return an event manager for the specified media discoverer.
Receiver for course publishing.
Iterate over a line generator.
Passwd changes to osquery
Load a template tag.
Add extra ip attributes to the interface.
Extract the description from a docstring.
Store user s friends.
Empty a cupy. ndarray.
Check if a resource is enabled or disabled.
Run pip and assert that the egg folder exists.
Send a command to a lbn and return a list of minions.
Create a multipart form from the given body.
Test for getting all internet gateways with bad id.
Return the magnitude of x.
Leave transaction management.
Concatenate a list of tensors along a given axis.
Return the norm of x along the given axis.
Read bool from file.
Escapes a string and returns it.
Convert raw to lux.
Register a callback for a specific resource type.
Check if a user has permission for some org.
P specifier list 3.
Create a nested dict from a path.
Configure the fbthrift library.
Read locs and assert that they are in the expected location.
Save state to pickle file.
Get all volumes in a group.
Find a unit pattern by id.
Copy files from one file to another.
Expand a type string into a list of type names.
Find the pylintrc file.
Define a role for a pe.
Get application information.
True if the virtual environment is running.
Test for equality of masks.
Register a public key on the device.
Mask sensitive data.
Perform a query against a cloud provider.
Evaluate a scientific command.
Return a list of filepaths in dire.
Convert upper bound to lower bound.
Generate a TOTP passcode for the given secret.
Save data to a pickled file.
Invalidate the hash of suffix invalidations.
Add a representer to the dumper.
Patch an object.
Decorator to wrap a tasklet in a transactional decorator.
Main entry point for the pip command.
Create a Flask application.
Redirect to the domain page.
Connect to a machine learning layer.
Interactively set the colormap to hsv
Get the site dictionary for the given app.
Get headers from environment variables.
Processes a worker call.
Convert an etree element to a topic object.
Sync plnt. sync.
Add an error to the saved errors list.
Check if an item is in the course tree.
Check that the given fscale is a string or a string.
Recursively iterates over the elements of first and second and finalizes the result.
Return the HTML for a directory.
Get the encoder for the given encoding.
Show all the figure managers.
Add positives to a list of paths.
Copy extras from config to outdir.
Returns a list of scheme and netloc for the server
Reset the profile settings to the default settings.
Escape an RFC822 header string.
Check if the given address is a valid IPv6 address.
Set the minimum and maximum bounds of the image.
Get all related models in a model recursively.
Create a verifier for the given signature and public key.
Format a date string.
Load a module.
Configure org site staff field.
Safely kill a process and signal.
Get the current program ID.
Switch a host to a new endpoint.
Update the root organisation of an organisation.
List all nodes in the cloud
Initialize webengine or webkit settings.
Remove scratch images and texts from the filesystem.
Simplify the pauli operator e.
Return the size of the database in bytes.
Remove a platform from a platformset.
Encodes a message indicating that a missing object has been received.
Parse an iscsiname rule.
View the roots of a node.
Return the meth of the given object.
Delete a node by name.
Check if an exception is an ssl. error.
Register local optimizer.
Redirect the user to the root page.
Say hello to the user.
Returns a summary of the difference between model1 and model2
Entry point for twisted. python. dist. setup.
List all files in a local directory.
Returns the user preferences for the current request.
Linear gradient of a linear gradient.
Calculates the boundaries of x.
Load language from environment.
Return the virtual name of the minion.
Compute the idzp projection of an id matrix.
Register a Bootstrap form.
Add sources to the result list.
Get session id.
Check if user is a prereg admin.
Update server info.
Initialize a gas heli module.
Entry point for the command line interface.
Get all volumes in a group.
Freeze the state of a command.
Mark a string as safe data or text.
Runs the misc command.
Get a console for a given instance.
Generate a histogram from a qual file.
Generate a random UUID.
List all the items in a queue
Display a list of resources.
Generate a JWT.
Get the configuration file for a given atom.
Compute the covar of a GMM with respect to x.
Destroy a consistencygroup.
Decrypt a keyfile
Split code and text blocks into code and text blocks.
Find all actions in a namespace that start with action prefix.
Returns the first value in the list or None if there is no value.
Get a service.
Move old file to new file with chunk size.
Color a line from x to y using colors.
Returns the rank of the ruling separation width divided by the number of millimeters.
Process content pack dir.
Blend two channels with hard light.
Process a MTree object and split on components.
Get the timezone to display.
Convert volume status to ec2 attach status.
Load extra data from backend.
Pick a mailbox.
Determine if a variable is set by cli.
Download cifar10 dataset and whitening it.
Fit an oss. fit sample to a random state.
Create a new figure manager.
Generate a URL for the given path.
Setup Django apps.
Decorator to mark a method as keyword.
Shows the list of leads assigned to the user.
Get a queryset for the given klass.
Compute the softmax of a matrix.
Replace ampersands and fixer in string.
Get a colormap from the data.
Run a command and return its return code and output.
Change the ls of a table.
Check if lun id is available on host.
Get all the jobs in the database.
Return the configuration value for the specified key. If the key is not specified the default value is
Register a fletcher16 checksum command.
Merge multiple cnfs into one.
Export course to tarfile.
Return the alpha shard of a word.
Extract want line capabilities from text.
Randomly permute the rows of an array.
Remove identity from x.
Get a list of change ids.
Get the stacklevel of the import hook.
Delete an alarm.
Set dnsmasq facts.
Build a loopback control client.
Check if nibabel is installed.
Returns a list of normals for the given offset and direction.
notify list member removed event
Publish a credit course.
View a screenshot.
Format attachments.
Check that code is a valid cpaste code.
Render a single page.
Is the given value inf?
Return a short version string.
Find the number of vowels in a string.
Convert input to theano expression.
Subtract sine from x.
Returns a list of people.
Render an alert.
Returns True if the response provides csp features.
Return None and none.
Compare source spaces and distances.
Returns the flowgram ali exe
localhost socket. gethostbyname
Re encrypt ciphertext using re - encrypt method.
Check if the given ori is a valid string.
Grab the doc of a command.
expanded data double fc
Runs the test module if it exists.
Get metrics for a given date.
Collect all local and global bears from a list of sections.
Length of quopri header in bytearray.
Get the name of the response cell from a routing path.
Remove specified users from ACL group.
Test the relu activation function.
Return the trace of a given point in a given time series.
Add a global variable to a module.
Calculate the equation.
Get the mem for use by name.
Add a tag to an addon.
Test that base is the same as u. radian.
Get the preamp of a equalizer.
Delete metadata for a snapshot.
Remove tags from a trail.
Parse user rule and return command line arguments.
Main entry point for the git script.
Get or create a badge.
Log an attribute of an object.
Scrape HTML.
Convert a fixture to a list of tables.
Set current user.
Indent the output.
Test for html tables.
Return True if the subreddit is visible.
Entry point for the WSGI application.
Forgot password route.
Check if a file exists.
Inverse expiry date.
import pylab from pylab
All suffixes for all source and extension.
Try to get a string from a device.
Generate a unique id.
Validate bucket name.
Safely mark a value as markup.
Handle run changed requests.
Detect lines in a diff string.
Write a debug message to a file.
Get vendor from pci id.
Test plot of montage.
Return a resource filename for the given filename.
Shuffle an iterable.
Browse other dialogs.
Shorten a name to a maximum length.
Group a number of permutations into a permutation.
Add filters to the state.
Get current user.
Runs pyc with pip pip pip pip and glob.
Monkey patches os. path. expandvars expanduser. side and expanduser. side. join.
Stop the salt process.
Executes the next evaluator arguments.
Get an OAuth access token.
Return a dict of managed servers.
Temporarily change a field in an object.
Default threadable predictors.
Push a term onto the source line.
Toggle labels on the canvas.
Update course updates.
Remove all dead links in a directory.
Update the dictionary d with the values from other.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the VM is virtual.
Determine whether a hash is used for the given builder.
Return the full version of GDAL.
Get a synonym for a word.
Wait for an element located within a CSS selector.
Test that nm3 is wrong.
mock an oc command
Attach the total number of points to the queryset.
Return the index of the first token in the source that matches the given token.
Return a sorted list of all the gids for the specified user.
Check if a token is a string or not.
Dispatch a function to the operating system.
Return a list of existing dhcp networks for the given conf.
Get the version of a package based on the results.
Get the option for the given value.
Apply a function to each element of a list and return the result as a numpy array.
Apply a function to all args and kwds and apply a callback to each result.
Parse trees from a file.
Compare two sccs.
Return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary.
Delete a console.
Get the absolute path to the deployment config file.
Return a block matrix that slices expr from rowsizes to colsizes.
Multiple choice validator.
Contextmanager that temporarily change the current working directory.
Convert a dictionary to a naming function.
Clean a url and return a cleaned path.
Encode a list.
List all refs for a remote.
Run the test server.
Get master status.
Fix all the docstrings in a container.
Get a module from the specified directory.
Run a p4 build command.
Check if gmail is missing sent.
Create a new LB
Check if url is from spider.
Unescapes the given text with the given backslashes.
Asserts that the given check is satisfied by the given source string.
Save a password to the keyring.
Get a repository by name and owner.
Return the index of the given deg and order.
Get a jid from the database
Return True if fmt is a memoryview format.
Greatest common multivariate polynomial.
Read a cache file from a stream.
Encodes a message into a string.
Return the default number of test processes.
Inspect an object.
Parse id from string.
Loads county data from JSON file and populates it with county codes.
Submit a sub - form with multiple values.
Return a keyword argument for the given keyword arguments.
Assert an IP address is arping.
List all nodes in the cloud.
Optimizes openpyxl. workbook. workbook. workbook. workbook. workbook. workbook.
Prepare labels and labels from text.
Create a translation project.
Get the list of dns hosts associated with a network.
Returns a dict of extra information to be logged to the debug mode.
Generate random objects from lib.
Get the context of a template line.
Run the command with noprojects.
Add a replay gain status to the command list.
Solve the radical problem.
Create a gpg object for the specified user.
Uninstalls a script from the console scripts.
Get crafted text from archive.
Sort a list of schedules by week.
Get the current code name for a segment.
Get an attribute from a dictionary object.
Check if a string is a short syllable.
Read values from a key.
Generate auth response for list of challs
Returns a selection model for the current selection.
Produce a test failure XML string.
Apply a codon operation to a sequence.
Format a dictionary of error messages into a list of dicts.
Create a directory if needed.
Get a list of available plugins.
Get a list of programs and their types.
Convert an integer to a packed byte string.
Get the name of a process.
Acquire a lock.
Convert an object name to a class name.
Get openstack client.
Logarithm of the softplus function.
Mix a song or video.
Check if a path is a valid web root.
Return the size of a given buffer type.
Check authentication for a given name.
Estimate the covariance matrix of the neweywest covariance matrix.
Check if a process exists.
Return True if the current process is main process.
Return True if attrname is protected.
Perform a hrm training onvalidation.
Get the perimeter width of an element node.
Process an image file.
Register a crontab task to update google analytics.
Convert a string to a unicode string.
Publish a live action and execution.
Restore a device from a service.
Add media to a media list.
Get the content type of a message.
Get collection summaries matching the given ids.
Create an internet gateway.
Get command from state.
Delete customer with no pk.
Return the directory of the ipython package.
Arranges a panel to be displayed.
Merge a token back into another token.
Get navigator audit log directory.
Write SVG to file.
Evaluate a function f for a given p and k.
Set the cbreak flag for a file descriptor.
Register py com category.
P parameter list 2
Get the descriptive extension of the given text.
Return the first line of a cell at cursor position.
Get the JSON data for a given jid.
End recording.
Create a simple wiki instance.
Capitalize a string.
Run a flake task.
Unpurge one or more packages.
Validate a POST request signature.
Get the path to the config directory.
Calculate the hamming distance between two strings.
Return a URL from a scheme host password path query and query parameters.
Check that an email address is valid.
Validate customization args.
Get the credentials for a provider.
Check if the given logical line is called only once.
demo str rule format
Determine the preferred IP address for a list of ips.
Get the output of a command.
Capture the standard output of the given logger.
Apply syntax highlighting to the given value.
Upgrade installed packages.
Count the number of real roots of a function.
Return the set of results that are present in dest dir.
Discover the content of a URI.
Interpolate x and y using trigonometric interpolation.
Convert a word tag to a wordnet object.
test pprint py3 bytes
Compute the rosen der of x.
mock render to string
Compiles the given node and returns the compiled version of it.
Get the title of a media player.
Convert Excel file to database.
Return a list of releases grouped by version.
Spawn a coroutine.
Convert a CFSet to a set.
Authenticates the current user.
Get a key from a function.
Add an instance to a security group.
Filter registers to force text to be unlocalized.
Get the bootstrap modules.
Return a list of suggestions for the given path.
Serve a file for a given package and type.
Returns True if text is valid False otherwise.
Install and install a versioneer file.
Evaluate the location of pymodule at offset.
Toggle a querystring.
Get all groups for all containers in inventory.
test cache enable private browsing
Delete the ssh key associated with the specified username.
Convert a string to a unicode string.
Ping listener.
Create a video capture from a source string.
Convert a bytearray to an integer.
Reset nolint suppressions.
Load a bitmap from a file.
Fit one sided selection with one sided selection
Show a list of rows and test completion.
Return a dictionary of articles for the given language.
Main entry point for the command line interface.
Return True if func accepts kwarg.
Return the default python shell.
Generate a model for the given root class.
Convert a module to a class.
Validate course id.
Test the locale of html.
Reload module from cwd.
zeroing test for zeroing.
Post a message to vim.
Return the t - component of a vector.
Return a list of random floats.
Return the default mappings for a list of machines.
Parse a range header value.
Create a tarball from a source file.
Check if a given name is enabled or not.
Get a new repository.
Set the priority of a queue.
Store results in a tarball in a directory.
Decodes a unicode string into a unicode string.
Set up the test database.
Parse a document list acl entry from a string.
Get the server id for a given identity.
Apply a policy to a file.
Returns the default context for the current user.
Test fixation test for fixes 2.
Test for date labels.
Returns a dict of user messages.
Set the offset by a multiplier.
Get the label of a sentiment.
Create a WSGI server.
Return the title of the given columns.
Decorate a function with a dummy function.
Run the configtest command and return a dict with the results.
Return a list of all the running processes.
View for topics.
Cleans a URL and returns it.
Decode the received bitvec into the syndrome lut.
Load a tablib. Book object from a stream.
Create a list of assembly objects for the given number of assembly objects.
Returns a path bounded by a horizontally bounded path.
Create a new task info
Test that a JSON view error is raised.
Get email addresses for a group.
Set the repliers to be executed.
Remove stack traces and timings from the output.
Create a rectangle of the specified width and height.
Get default verify paths.
Return the long description of the file.
Construct a request URI from the given environment.
Sort a string or list of strings.
Get a file or gcode directory.
Create a graph from a degree sequence.
Get a secret.
Initialize the graph module for the given mpstate.
Update a block in the modulestore.
Return the id or key of a list item.
Initialize the eye gaze.
Create a formset for the given model and formfield.
Test grid spec for width ratios
Generate a pseudo breadcrumb for a key.
List files in a bucket.
Get a single item from a list.
Save the figure to a file.
Find a command in the PATH.
Check if a directory is a package directory.
Walk all modules in the system.
Decorator for chaining transports.
Mock inline css.
Interpret string as minutes and return mdict.
Get the summary of a commit.
Make sure the current thread is running.
Get locked handle.
Create a new set of mods from pre and post.
Get model matrix.
Unpack a zipfile into a directory.
Get the encryption headers for the given key.
Get matching files from all fastq files.
Get a model by identifier.
Get the adjacency matrix for the given redirects file.
Rotate the head of the head of a list of quaternions.
Draw a bounding box.
Create a fake payment.
End an event.
Query Github for authentication.
Add default variables and functions to all variables and functions.
Check if repo url is a repo url.
Setup the platform.
Test get config.
Validate a resource type.
Apply a layer to a tensor.
Remove a database.
Return the sum of n.
Get the last modification time of a file.
Load window size.
Check if a file is a valid cleanup list
Shut down the plugin.
Print a message and exit.
Check if a value is a valid modular number.
Get screen size pix.
Parse a repl hex escape string and return the number of digits and the number.
Transform an index by applying a function to each element of the index.
Run an atomic benchmark on an estimator.
Generate a CSRF token.
Split a bezier into two parts.
Quotes a string and returns it without any whitespace.
Connect a function to a boolean action.
Validate that value is a valid domain name.
Return the next multiple of n.
Runs the bot s hook and returns the username and id.
Report the current state of the tracker.
Derivative of an obs matrix.
Connect to cloudsearch2.
Get a tour of the graph.
Return a pre - escaped version of the given text.
Sign a certificate using the default certificate.
Get public names from a list of public names.
nbsp a string.
Normalize a list of hosts.
Runs the app.
Build install command line arguments.
Formats the value according to the given search string.
Create a config spec that attaches a vif to a network.
Makes symlinks to the current working directory.
Generate library options.
Get the cache object.
Return a dict of modifiers that are less than or equal to the specified number of modifiers.
Download a file or directory or file from a remote path.
Get the virtual memory of the virtual machine.
Select elements that are not in the exclude set.
Suspend a virtual machine.
Validate password against expected hash.
Returns true if the wildcards of name1 and name2 overlap with name1.
Generate a UUID from a node and clock seq.
Convert a string to a set of integers.
Check if a usage plan with the given name is absent.
Initialize a directory.
Return True if there are pyrex implementations.
Returns the selection for the current model.
Signin success handler.
Return the contents of a file as a string.
Return the default entry point for this package.
Returns a list of all available services.
Go to the specified url and return the url.
Prints a string representation of the function.
Check if a user exists.
Decorator for tidying HTML files.
Convert x to utf8 optional iterator.
Compile a string using the given template.
Test that all installed locs have the same installed locs.
Returns the path to the preference file.
Serves a Flask route to serve gzip encoded content.
Gather pillar data from pillarenv
Read a test XML file and return the result.
Return a random string of length l.
Read a plain boolean from a file object.
Pport a tristate.
Get an exchange from a connection.
Clear compatversion cache on delete signal.
Map a target to a service.
Command line interface to switch to v5.
Assert that the actual quantity is equal to desired.
Parse a multipath rule.
Demonstrate a grid with a single cbar
Send a tag to the destination.
Include debug js files in S3.
Return the filesystem encoding.
Publish a course.
Register an alias for a namespace URI.
Get a new repository.
Split a file into multiple files.
Convert a JSON encoded string to a list of strings.
Convert a list of values to a dictionary.
Generate example rst.
Reverse a Django view.
Return the fstime floor of ns seconds.
Test that frame attr transform inherits from frame attr
Resets the state of the applet to its initial state.
Check if the given host is a full host.
Move path to trash folder.
Duplicate a list of values.
Split a string into a list of characters.
Generate completion commands.
Clear the database environment.
Prepare embed request.
Convert a scalar value to a fitsup format.
Hardlinks the user if the user is authenticated.
Colorize an image.
Return all the sql tables for the given app.
Send an email.
Convert iso to javascript timestamp.
Collect javascript paths for user configs.
Set the waf functions.
Manage admin task.
Throttle layout.
Copy struct from src to dst.
Parse a server string and return a tuple of address and port.
Generate a password and hashed password.
Compute the ground - nth degree of a ground - nth function.
Decomposes the polynomial f into a polynomial s.
Set the opacity of an image.
Returns the number afterpoint of a string.
Send a welcome email to a user.
Return the recurrence term of the term c with the given function f.
Shift dtime by shift seconds.
Create a port group.
Split a path into a zip archive.
Run all exit functions.
Update the pdfjs for the specified target version.
Test that no data is stored in a table.
Return a list of default payment providers.
Return the virtual name of the minion.
Set up the configuration for the given key.
Get the score from local files.
Get a carving mesh from a text file.
Get a fixed IP address.
Returns True if the current time is UTC.
Return a color string.
Check if a slug is valid.
Associates an IP address with a fixed IP.
Determine if a file should be skipped.
Send admins email.
test z
Alter an enum column.
Check if a proxy is valid.
Remove the last xmltag from a file.
Get vector3 path from complex path.
Set the configuration for the plugin.
Register treebuilders from a module.
Decode a binary string into a uu file.
Check if text is contained in path.
Connect to cognito identity layer.
Return the number of busy ports.
Check if a string is a valid identifier.
Encode a cookie using the given key.
Send an email to multiple recipients.
Returns true if the word is quoted.
Sanitize filename.
Backup the database to the current date.
List all tables in a dataset.
Convert xfsdump output to a dictionary.
Stack the elements of a vector by a number of operators.
Get a list of file paths for a given file.
Yields tokens from a text stream.
Override the bytes from the content type of a listing dict.
List all keys for a user or secret.
Fix line endings in content.
Make comparison test plot.
Duplicate a legendre with a given k.
List an option.
Validate a background color.
Create a table in the database.
Convert a filer object to a JSON dict.
Add submenus to menu.
Return the dot product of two complexes.
Return available salt cloud sizes.
Remove empty lines from a string.
Remove a connection from the connection stack.
Generate a list of YAML statements.
Check the filepath for changes.
Retries the given function until it returns a non - zero value.
Calls the specified method on the specified object and returns the result.
Returns a tuple of unique items in sequence that are not in reference.
Profile the gradient of a function f.
test dbapi raw w pool
Collect static files.
Check if an environment is created.
Returns True if the patchmodule was executed successfully or False otherwise.
Determine if the virtual name is valid.
Setup the platform.
Return the outer product of x and y.
Convert text to ws.
Monkey patch os. environ with the given values.
Inspect mbox results.
Count righthand zero bits.
Softsign with softsign.
Get fingerprint of ssh key.
Read curvature and test surface consistency.
Add a function to the stats.
Boot an image and run it.
Replaces dst with dst.
Return a human - readable duration in nanoseconds.
Synchronize database with current version.
Remove all cached instances from the cache
Get the size of the backup file for a given service.
Validate a path against a given validator.
Get the MAC address of the current node.
Iterate over all top level loops in the configuration.
List all events for a given consul url.
Deserialize a value from a key.
Search form.
Check if a module is a submodule of a package.
Get the result of a suite.
Edit an opportunity.
Get a foreign key for a model.
Normalize a path.
View configuration changes.
Convert dict to numpy array1.
Remove a port from a zone.
Build a simple border swiping network.
Returns a list of parameters for the given object.
Get crafted text from gcode text.
Return True if filename ends with a zab extension.
Get an expression by name.
Entry point for the WSGI application.
Prints the given arguments to the given file.
Check to see if a launch configuration exists.
Slugify a string.
Get a list of effects that have no effect.
Convert a value to a boolean.
List all the roots of the salt environments
Add a surrounding loop to the given feed rate.
Extend mode to code.
Get the email address of a user.
Convert a string to a network address.
Return True if the given string is a leading tab.
Called when the plugin is initialized.
Compute the correlation between two datasets.
Render hjson data.
Find the name of a constraint in a table.
Restore a database from a file.
Return the index of the missing whitespace in a line.
Get credits for a subproject.
Start a new salt instance.
Parse a query and return the result.
Returns a s3 table for the current request.
Escape md section.
Check that the result is a geos object.
Parse a http date into a datetime object.
Format url with scheme netloc and port.
Render a pareto cdf.
Create a new command and return its path.
Test estimator of enn sk
Create a zone from a template.
Add a role to a group.
Dump all documents in a stream.
Filter registers to return an apnumber.
Confirms that a password has changed.
Extract a mapping from flowgrams to sample IDs.
Refresh the info cache for all instances.
Return True if attrname is private.
jshint task.
Copy folders from source to destination.
Resize an image.
Create a proxy for the given token.
Start a background thread.
Calculate the acosh of x.
Solve the linear approximation of the linear approximation of the
Returns a list of driver names.
Return an etype that can be pickled.
Return the Jacobian of the zeros of n nt.
Returns the skewness of xs.
Create a consumer for the given request.
Parse a list of privs into a dict.
Check if repo is blacklisted.
Get the location of the S3 server.
Import string from dotted path.
Emit problem submitted event.
Generate a mgf digest from a seed and a hash.
Filters a value to be less than or equal to the current time.
Check that the result is equal to zero.
Releases a port from the serial port pool.
Swap a polynomial in a f.
Process sitemonitor XML data.
Update a list
Generate a list of words from a corpus.
Create a new index.
Convert a name to a regular expression.
Assert that line is of the same type as line.
Setup the litejet platform.
Setup join cache.
Attach the total number of points to the queryset.
Add vertexes to geometry output.
Get data for a user.
Get a file from a file or path.
Generate a sequence of nodes that are a derived sequence of the given graph.
Get torrent file by id.
Create a WSGI resource.
Process a message notification.
Lint all citations in the tool XML.
Find all absolute URLs in the given HTML.
Escapes null characters in text and returns a null string.
Activate a requirement.
Return True if the element at toppath is in progress.
Remove a role from the database.
Check if a path is a directory.
Push a new connection onto the stack.
Test consistency of random streams.
View function for resetting password.
Convert a frequency to a period.
Get a spinner.
Check if symptom ldap group members are disabled.
Split a tag namespace into a string and tag.
Removes horizontal spacing from each token in the uwline.
Test if h is a valid RGB string.
Run mysql command.
Get the path to the CA certificate file.
Extract nested case.
Format exception only.
Return a dictionary of callables from a module.
Return a list of files in the specified load.
Returns a dict of dummy model params for the given perm.
Returns the number of subclasses of the given class.
Crop the raw file and save the raw file to a temporary directory.
Requester represent the given id.
Return the full modname of a path.
Load data into a parser and method name.
Re - validate the generated certificate.
Return a string representation of a list of names.
Deprecated network show decorator.
Return an empty float.
Computes the L2 projection of f onto basis.
Select plugin tag.
Return the column of a string in a given loc.
Get server certificate.
Return the product of iter a and iter b.
Log an irc command.
Parse a date value.
Try to infer the value of a node if possible.
Setup an instance of an insteon hub.
Unescapes the given text.
Create a color palette from a number of colors.
Register a string to be removed from the clipboard.
Sort a list of booleans by sigsort.
Destroy indexes for all models in app.
Get the description of a chapter.
Return the path to the program that matches the given program.
Update the git repository.
Allow the user to register a new session.
Schedule a job.
Unlock an entity.
Set the classes of the options.
Submit srs to subreddit and inject it into subreddit.
Return True if xbps is installed.
Return a key for the given entry.
Parse a comment from the source.
Fail if an error occurred on a directory to a file link.
Assert that all module exceptions are of the same type.
Test protocol0 regression.
Convert an object to serializables.
Parse an arXiv url and return its components.
Start a new S3 server.
Parse command line arguments.
Format a traceback.
Check a recaptcha request.
Add a constructor to the loader.
Read an index from a file.
Clean meta data and return a set of modified keys.
Plot the posterior predictive of trace.
Test get version of qtbot.
Format size according to units.
Affinity by task.
Run the command coverage html.
Get geometry output by arguments.
Formats an issue object into a dictionary.
Authenticate the user using the specified credentials.
Test whether the test file is opendocx.
Wrap text with textwrap. textwrap. textwrap. wrap.
Get site location information.
Check if a procedure is done.
Determine the fitness and quality of a mime range based on the parsed ranges.
Check if a unit is available.
Check if a release is in an episode.
Download a file from the S3 bucket.
Run hook to get karma query.
Copies a file to a temporary file.
Returns a list of period names for the locale.
Disable insecure serializers.
Assert that the attributes of a column are valid.
Generate blobs from n samples and features.
Render the template and return the rendered template.
Get profile image names for a user.
Disribrib to a file.
List servers on a backend.
Convert a JSON row to a tuple of rows.
Get the first word from a split line.
Check to see if a domain exists.
Test crop appending.
Check that the number of reads in the test string matches the number of reads in the test string
Evaluate the given expression.
Return a dmp from sympy. sympy. sympy. dmp
Test that prompt. call with process json.
Convert a file name to a file path.
Check if the argument is a valid type.
Return a wml document from a docx file.
Load a pickled object from a string.
Returns True if the given request is a valid URL.
Set global interactive flag.
Process an element node.
Return the traceback of the specified thread.
Test that require file is a file.
Convert a list of recipients to a set of email addresses.
Quote a string with the given charset and safe argument.
Set the egid of the process.
Register a list of class factories.
Alias a function with an alias absent.
Create a port group in a virtual machine.
Process an XML element.
Show all review requests.
List all repos in basedir.
Select indirect neighbours of left and right.
Write a plist to a resource.
Gather a bootstrap script from the cloud.
Divide x and y into a discrete quantity.
Test plot of the epochs.
Install coverage prereqs.
Parse an error stream and return an exception object.
Assert that the given logical line is true instance.
Test grid spec for height ratios.
Register all models in the registry.
Split a command line into a list of strings.
Return the number of edges in the intra community of a graph.
Kruskal distribution.
Get the comment app name.
Create a new figure manager.
Repeat the elements of a repeated sequence along the specified axis.
Get an email address.
Configures the settings object.
Check if the given language code is available for the given language code.
Decorator to test galactic two components.
Alter a tablespace.
Show uptime information about a hypervisor.
Test derived cols from lists kw.
Return True if docstrings disabled. doc is none.
Create and run a shell command.
Copy modified jars to the specified app.
Pause a vm.
Configure the database.
Return the current state of the case.
Scan the default sr for a default sr.
Get a release by id.
Open a text file and return it.
Get a list of all pids in the process tree.
Calculate the filename for a photo.
Get page html from html tree.
visit an autosummary table node by traversing the autosummary table
Check if pyenv is running in pyenv.
Return True if any of the specified virtual machines are reachable from gpu False otherwise.
Filter for all ancestors of a page that are published in the specified language.
Create a button.
Generate a unique event id.
Parse a line of pkginfo.
Run le auto.
Raise error if bool value is not equal to value.
Configure the blade configuration.
Generate the code for a template node.
Convert a Python module to a dictionary.
Write a value to a file.
Unbox an index.
Test instantiation of a file
Sample wt from smote.
Merge a request setting with a session setting.
Get rank from singular values
Get the current context.
Cosh interval.
Set the SNMP community.
Convert a Pandas DataFrame to a list of case ids.
Get a tenant by name or name.
Check if the given descriptor is mobile available.
Analyses a file and injects the types into the file.
Make a request to S3.
Get the options for a given query.
Get information about an entry in a distribution
Get a description of the given lines.
Get activities about a user.
Indexes a list of documents by chunk.
Get a new repository for Skeinforge.
Get the value of a WMI setting.
Sample wt from edited nearest neighbours.
Assert that two dictionaries are equal ignoring the ordering.
Validate a config dictionary.
Run trafficctl on the specified path.
Get virtual environment.
Send monthly reports.
Convert a list of MNCs into a Cumulative distribution.
cast a message to a fanout
Synchronize local database with lcd.
Remove a logging store handler from the root logger
Convert a string to a native URL.
Get the power of an IPMI.
Logistic logarithm of the logistic log function
Get blobinfo for given blob key.
Get a group type by name.
Attempts to match a hostname in a certificate.
Convert a dbus exception to a reason.
Setup the program builder.
Check if the given headers are websocket headers.
Lookup all records for a given name.
Check if geoserver is up.
Convert key text to keyinfo format.
Updates a fixed IP address with the given values.
Return fully qualified name for an object.
Get install function for given platform.
Remove a task app from a project directory.
Run a bdist task.
Build a property spec from a client factory.
Check that the installed packages have been removed when no longer satisfied.
Register a tag that crossoriginates the static url.
Check the status of the server.
Remove a network.
Get image member by memb id.
Safe no DNN algorithm.
Skip if py is pypy or pypy is pypypy.
Return a list of grains.
Round a number to a given precision.
Run the uname task.
Return the virtual name or False if not configured.
Set restart mode.
Schedule a batch of ground truth and generated samples.
Escape special characters in a string.
Serialize an exception to a string.
Get the number of themes and locks for a reviewer.
Make a RGBA color.
Prompt the user for a pass.
Update an instance.
C ++ integer.
Connect to a region.
Return True if the config has external plugins.
Choose a movie based on a list of reviews.
Free memory.
Check usage of a module.
Pivot a tableau with the given pivoting function.
Process element node by derivation.
Translate a list of modifiers into masks.
Cleanup masked sizes.
Process an hour.
Set copyright and license attributes.
Browse the current branch.
Get the value of a placeholder in a setting.
Choose mailing lists for a user.
DP projection.
Entry point for the ansible module.
Read all the actions from the cache.
Return a deprecation docstring for a given version.
Display theme data.
Split an entry into a list of tuples.
Save a load to a jid.
Get celery settings.
Get information about a book.
Convert text to a number.
Create a storage transfer.
Monitor the disk usage.
Find the degree of a matrix.
Check if hg is installed.
Safely serialize a value to JSON.
Format a list of extracted lines into a list of strings.
Cleanup a process and all its children.
Get geometry output by negatives.
Initialize the ovs database.
Check if a user exists in the htpasswd file.
Set the time of the session.
Return a slugified version of the value.
Reset shortcuts to default values.
Return True if there is an app context.
Clean a node and return the host and port.
Run a shell command and return a subprocess object.
Create a new git branch.
Expands a path to a string.
Uncache a zip directory.
Aggregate packages from a list of chunks
Convert a wotan token to a penntreebank.
Normalize a batch of data.
Returns a tuple of the label and attribute of a field.
Add typed document to folder.
Get information about the current system.
Evaluate the angle between polar and cylindrical dots.
Test that the parameter str is of the correct type.
Extract views from a list of urlpatterns.
Document the current document in S3.
Return a sorted list of resources for the given node.
Returns the JSON representation of a push request.
Return True if f is a literal float.
Generate a random string from a list of strings.
Convert a dictionary of unicode strings to a dictionary of unicode strings.
Pseudo - statements.
Delete an account.
Setup the russound platform.
Is the given string an IPv6 address?
Decorate a function f to return a new clip.
Return a string representation of the expression.
Test serialization of roles.
Make datetime aware.
Return the URI for a request.
Calculates the partition entropy of a set of inputs.
Compute the minimum distance between a set of nodes.
Relu transforms x to the relu format
Apply a palette to an image.
Temporarily attempt the effective uid of a user.
Return a list of the current virtual machine stats.
Migrate data dirs.
Load a dataset from a YAML file.
Parse an xml file.
Decode a value into a tuple.
Send a remote request to the remote server.
Check if apcaccess is available.
Calculate the hash of a torrent.
Remove a file or link from a directory.
Get the stroke radius of an element.
Return the SAS triangle between l1 and l2
Get account information.
Serialize the controlamp transport to a string.
Print a message to stderr and exit.
Get the geometry of an element.
Decomp returns the fraction of expr and the denominator of expr.
Get options from makeopts.
Recursively copies the contents of src to dst.
Get reservations for a tenant.
Return the virtual name of the system.
Convert image to numpy array.
Return the indices of the given shape.
Returns True if text is a plural.
Returns the state name for the given state name.
Configure inline support.
Add string metadata to xml.
Setup logging for a product.
Discretize model for subpixels.
Open a file or directory.
Checks if the given object is a class.
Complete a backup operation.
Create a range property.
test for CGI output
Create a new note and register it with growl.
Clean up the metric.
Check if a package exists at the given path.
Copy attributes from old node to new node.
Plot updated evoked data.
Hashes the given hash.
Return the campos zeros for a given number of points.
Extract value from text.
Initialize the global config.
Toggle selected options.
Get the memory usage of the process.
Return the product of all elements in iters.
Get manipulated paths.
Unescape html characters.
Remove mutable fields from a packet.
Add a new external account.
Detect shippable changes.
Return a list of mailcapfiles.
Generate coordinates for each zoom in zooms.
Perform a converge operation on the service.
Logs the given data to the job log.
Run all checks on the given estimator.
csrf_exempt csrf_exempt
Returns the argument unchanged if it is None.
Get user profile dict.
Get the version from a file.
Check if we have enough semaphores to run.
Run the test suite.
Create a response from a generator.
Qualifier list 1.
Map a volume to a single host.
Decodes the given value using the specified encoding.
Traverse a node using generic traversal.
Write a GIF to a file.
Return the numeric part of a string or none if the string is not a numeric part.
Get a property from an object.
Add a closed XML element to the output.
Arp function that returns a dict of grains and arps.
Encodes a header key with the given dictionary.
Advance the optimizer p by one step.
mult div test.
Generate a range of dates between start and end.
Check the length of each sequence in a fasta file and return a formatted list of tuples
Encode a Name object into an X509 Name object.
Decorator for force down commands.
Find a namespace by name.
Get a list of partitions for a disk.
Get category value for label.
Convert an integer to a roman string.
Convert a dispatch list into a YAML string.
Samples from bernoulli samples.
Setup a new client for hass.
Setup logging.
View nested view.
Generate a category file.
Create a new local dict.
Estimate the covariance between xs and ys
Uninstall editable packages.
Permute a list of lists.
Returns the number of kilometers between meters and miles.
Compare two bytes for constant time.
Decode a JBIG - 2 encoded stream.
Get a cache key for the given account.
Return True iff the token is equal to the given parser.
Mark a function as denial.
Update a device.
Create a polyline that is below xmin and ymin.
Chgid a group
Get a list of manipulated paths.
Returns the value of the specified interface or an error if it is not found.
Test against pytpm doc.
Test that hsl to rgb part 9 is correct.
Create a flow for the given task type and repository.
Get the number of hosts.
Convert a string to a translatedfield value.
Compute the softmax of a dictionary.
Create a role for the given role name and language module.
Runs the given command using the given log command.
Create a vlan interface.
Get course enrollment information.
Build a URL for the given endpoint.
Select a command based on the corrected commands.
Create a bundle and register it with the test suite.
Make gettext patterns.
Returns a list of all factory modules.
Encode a unicode string.
Return True if expr is a function variable.
Generate a hash of the request id.
Create a spyder application and connect to it.
Get the mapping details for an event source.
Show the certificate of a service
Complete an operation.
Logs in the specified user.
Generate a signature for the given secret and parts.
Extract a member from a group to a target path.
Get the line number of a node.
Return the log level for the given level.
Receiver that emits field changed events.
Pack a message using the given operation and data.
Get evaluated expression value.
Process an XML element and return a dictionary of attributes.
Set x layout
Prepare the totals for a given head res baseline res.
Return True if item is in in list.
Returns True if value is less than arg.
Check if a file is newer than another.
Get all instances of the specified host and node.
Migrate settings from siteconfig to siteconfig.
Sign data using JWT.
Rotate two strings.
Wait for vbl to be available.
Compute the fingerprint of a list of files.
Return the full path to the given dev.
Filter tasks by protocol.
Returns True if the field is solenoidal.
Edit a source.
Parse a target url into a string.
Get auth settings from mezzanine settings
Setup console logging handler.
Attempt to reverse a URL.
Monitor the state of the minion.
Return True if source is a flat source.
Get the configuration for the specified interface.
Get the localzone object.
Check if user can add translation.
Run the pydotprint test.
Expand an integer type to a maximum integer type.
Sort results according to force text.
Return the number of clickthroughs for impressions.
Safely snap a client to a repository.
Fail if x is not equal to y.
Check if the given bucket name is supported by the given host.
Count the number of CPUs in the system.
Stop logging.
Get hosts from osquery
Strips the given value and returns it as a string.
Flag an object.
If there are missed blocks in the database then rescan the number of blocks.
Get widget content.
Update a node with the given values.
Check if the user has permission for a group.
Main entry point for the net device verification script
Convert a string or unicode object to a string.
Create a new scratch view.
Allocate a standard EIP.
Adjust the time delay for the last query duration.
Create a new web2py app.
Find a pattern in text.
Find the user that is running on the system.
Get text until dot number of dots.
Check if the given user has a badges enabled.
Access global authomatic instance.
Get system information.
Make imbalance bad ratio.
Enable a service.
Get the model field name for the given field.
Skip a fixed 64 - bit integer from the buffer.
Add a request to the queue.
Copy configuration from device to emulator.
Validates that all the tokens in the given block are str or str.
Print a warning if the given line is not in the logical line.
Get email from user id.
Reads an int32 from a file - like object.
Check if the environment variable is in travis pr.
Report deprecated worker module usage.
Return the html body of the input string.
Decode a string into a nid.
Get a bucket by id.
List upgrades for a jid.
Decorator to set the output type of a function.
Return the total number of seconds in a td.
List all instance profiles for a given path.
Constant of the given value.
Check for an option in a message.
Iterate over XML elements of an object.
Redirect to a new page.
Return a string at the given pointer.
List roles for a user.
Get text from a list.
Test edf data.
Clear all artifacts for a given version.
Broadcast axis a to b.
Setup the platform for the netatmo server.
Restart the application hook.
Returns a JSON string containing the number of messages that failed to upload.
Convert a value to a numpy array.
Shortcut for warnings. warn
Setup the test database.
Monitor a set of popens.
Get a new state file name for the given zone.
Encrypt a stream with the given mode.
Return a context dict for a given revision.
Load a module by name.
Test for getting multi m2m users
Create a list of grammar rules from a list of symbols.
Create a new egg.
Update the location tree of a feature
Log information about the message.
Load a module from a file.
Convert a string or unicode object to a str.
Check if a passphrase matches a hashed passphrase.
Get a list of metaschemas.
Generate a certificate for the given domain.
Return username and password from url.
Rotate an encryption key in a bucket.
Run orm bundles test.
List sales leads.
Initialize config with opts.
Delete a topic.
Install a jupyter hook.
Returns a list of all cliques in the graph that are not within the threshold.
Return the hub matrix of a graph.
Run a simple WSGI server.
Load all account types.
Get a masked string from a string.
Yield missing whitespace from a logical line.
Decode and decrypt data using a key.
Iterate over all tests in a suite.
Clear feature from recipient.
Get a queue list from a queue list.
Load data from a stream.
Remove issues from security monkey datastore.
Return the path to the current working directory for the specified platform.
P initializer 1.
Decorator to catch corrupt db exceptions.
Clears the cache.
Delete a servicegroup server
Download a file from a URL.
Strips the default value from a string.
Delete a port.
Returns the milliseconds since epoch.
Return pillar data for a given minion.
Check if a module can be imported.
Return a list of all the globs in the string.
Return True if the current state is the first line of the current line.
Find the difference between two files.
Print the current line number.
Convert an ascii format string to a format string.
Return a tuple of name1 name2 name3 and name1.
Create a coin flip domain.
Get a date from a mail message.
Check if pkgin is installed.
Release lock and log if debug is set.
Given a list of keywords and a split text return a list of the combined keywords.
Return the last episode of the given text.
Check if a file exists.
Returns a list of column names for the given filters.
Return a dict with the disabled state.
Return information about the installed versions of the minion
Clean test files.
Return the captured output as a string.
Returns True if the given name is a bucket.
Runs the given statement with the given globals and locals.
Convert a locale to a language.
Invalidate the cache for the given module.
Convert an IRI string to a URI string.
Processes element node by derivation.
Entry point for lint.
Get stack events.
Get the IP address of the host.
Serialize an object to a pickled string.
Filter lettuce apps based on settings. lettuce apps
Convert a URL to bytes.
Truncates the given title if it is longer than num characters.
Find the edge that is missing from a graph.
Create a pdist with the given number of samples.
Add the number of hours to a submission line.
Get social auth information.
Register routes for the application.
Fit a model constrained by constraints.
Get all unknown opttrans attributes for a path.
Delete a repository from the database.
Return a tuple of key - value pairs for log messages.
Check if a zone is smartos globalzone.
Register a filter that returns True if the specified app is installed.
Get a distribution from a string or requirement.
Check if a path is a raw mount.
Remove a site from the system.
Parse a state value from a state string.
Refresh the database.
Check if path should be included in exclude patterns.
Uninstall a package if it is not installed.
Get a blockdevice volume.
Validate iterables.
Log out the user from the specified continue url.
Get command from grains.
Read a chunk of text from a file.
Get chimeras from nast aligned fasta file.
Check if a ldev is valid.
Get the exit survey results.
Resolves the given code into a tuple.
quopri encodes the input and returns the result.
Check if a directory is installable.
Return a set of all available distributions for flocker source.
Remove a ban from a channel.
Get a single version of a module.
Get a cubic path by begin and end points.
Lift infos from a loop to a list of candidates.
Return the file descriptor of a file descriptor.
Get the created date of an account
Check if the user has a language set.
Test that slices overlap right mode.
Check that the given text is in the given HTML.
Set a key to a value in a service.
Normalize a path.
Run the poll hook.
Add a friend to a user.
Restore an integer from a string.
Test empty history.
List members of a group.
Create a formset.
Load user from bootinfo
Returns a set of all used lun ids for the given mappings.
Get the sharing strategy.
Polynomial division of f and g.
Momentcondunbound lagging boxed distribution.
Get a git changeset.
Expand a metadata dictionary into a hierarchy.
Create a variable with weight decay.
Return the status of a monit service.
Initialize the database.
Flag the given addon as a flag.
Send a mail to a recipient list.
Read temp ifaces from a template file.
Fail if element matches output.
The missing docutils page.
Start dumping the tracemalloc thread.
Grant a privilege to a database.
Toggles the fullscreen state of the specified virtual machine.
Send an update notification.
Finder for domain configuration files.
Print a statement.
Create a new thread.
Get the language code from the request.
Return a new hop repository.
Generator that yields nvlist items from the list.
Whether or not the virtual machine is installed.
Generate an index page.
Get the number of votes for a given object.
Bind a floating IP to a device.
Initialize ansible in ansible inv.
Fail if s is not a wolfe.
Clamp a point to the norm.
Ignore commented lines from examples.
Moves the cursor to the top of the stack.
Create a new class.
Build a suite of test suites.
Generate a minion id.
Convert a name value list to a dictionary.
Finds a unix socket that exists on the system.
Return a cleaned environment with all the variables and their values.
Get a zfs storage pool.
Get a string from a buffer.
Generate a random id.
Argmin op.
Apply a function to an expression or expression.
Get current request.
Convert behave to JSON.
Linear convolution.
A salt - auth tool that adds headers to the session.
Generate a coinc matrix.
Sleep until sleep time is less than sleep time.
Submit ora2 data to a course.
Decorator for lti login and complete.
Block shape of values.
Parse a line from a string.
Create a multiprocessing. sharedctypes. RawArray from a multiprocessing. sharedctypes
Write string data to file.
Run bulk insert of customer mappings.
Solve the 3D linear system of two points.
Apply sls or highstate to a state.
Send a response to the client.
Remove a tenant from a flavor.
Hide tb from the stack.
Get a scanner for the specified domain.
List available themes.
Generate random sample indices.
Parse a patch message.
Evaluate a model.
Extract all time results from a string.
Get neighbor conf for given ip address.
Add edit resources to the context.
Return a list of variables and orphans of the given object.
Check if text has mixed eol chars.
Get a parameter from a request.
Add an addon to a folder
Insert twist directions into the given derivation.
Test theano rng for equality.
Test that the global can compile can compile can compile string.
Legendre polynomial.
Return a list of shells.
Perform bloom test.
Print a list of connections between switches.
Lock a password.
Fix lib64 on pypy or pypy.
Get a rectangular grid of diameter loops complex maximum complex and zigzag.
Convert a file to a new name.
Iterate over all modules in the specified directory.
Get an integer property from a device.
Get a template by name.
mode = mode mode = mode mode = mode mode = mode = mode
Get a volume from the system.
Start a new thread.
Uninstall a pecl class.
Override system resolver.
Check if value is a list or tuple.
Get a list of online cpus.
Set absolute path of all modules in sys. modules.
Return a list of nodes in preorder.
Split a list of chunks into deletes.
Check if a procedure is done or not.
Create a small push dir.
Get a random color.
Find an image by name.
Select a shard based on an instance.
Encode a certificate using b64jose.
View a map.
Run the test suite.
Logs in a user.
Get a nginx configurator.
Returns True if the values are not equal.
Return the norm of the flat array a.
Scrubs a file and waits for it to finish.
Get the default secret key.
Get validation set from train and cv.
Parse a template string into a dictionary.
List tags for the user.
Test continuous error.
Serve robots in static folder.
Draw a x - axis label on the x - axis.
If the given node is a statement add it to the given node.
Sigma of values.
Test that the totodile is the same as the totodile of the media
Lint the output of a tool.
Return the water source.
Replace symbols in expr with random symbols.
Scan used functions in the given example file.
Get ssh config for a given host.
Example route for rendering a string.
Check the extension attributes of a class.
Uninstall one or more packages.
Return grains for locale information.
Open a document with an image element.
Clears the database environment.
Check if user can change dictionary
Concatenate video clips with a time mirror.
Remove all classes from the database.
Increase base position by num.
Parse a date delta.
Format a master configuration line.
Plot dipole locations.
Trains the TensorFlow model.
Add candidate items to results.
Dim the dimension of a dictionary.
Given a list of matches and a command return a list of suggestions.
Read requirements from a file.
Add a timeframed query manager to a model.
Get all packages for a given mirror.
Write rules configuration to a file.
Create a pattern that deletes the specified number of times.
Run pylint.
Run a command inside a container.
Read a file and return its contents as a string.
Generate x509 key and x509 data.
Get the git revision for the current environment.
Get the content of a file.
Run an os script.
Get a dictionary of all bom stations.
Check if a path is blacklisted.
Print results to stdout.
Convert a character to a range of characters.
Get exclude string from client dir.
Generate a URL for a resource provider.
Chgid a group.
Return current line number.
Get a list of all indices for the specified application.
Set symmetrical log locator parameters.
reciprocate a sequence with a test function
Run a WSGI function in a WSGI environment.
Normalize GCE facts.
Returns a file - like object that can be used to read the contents of a file.
Create a topic rule.
Run the third party application.
Split a list of issues into a list of pulls.
Evaluate op on a and b.
Get the value of a key.
Run a test that checks the quality of the capfd against the alt checker.
Get a complex polygon by start and end angle.
Return a dictionary of events that match the given name.
Enqueue a task to be executed.
Test that repeated edited nearest neighbours have the same state.
Returns True if obj is a scalar.
Create a figure of cost data.
Format an exception and traceback.
Reblock 2x2 block matrix.
Runs quteproc and waits for it to finish.
Create a pootle store with bad code.
Extend linecache. cache with linecache. checkcache.
Freeze and exclude editable packages.
Add animal check to checks.
Set a default attribute on an object.
Create a color from an integer index.
Top down a rule only once and only once.
Check the server for a status code.
Return True if ch is character junk.
Parse synonyms from text.
Scaled row scale.
Test that the sextractor last column array matches the expected columns units and descriptions.
Get the last access time of a file.
Parse the output from ipmi and return a dictionary of output values.
Get s3a access key.
Convert datetime - like to i8.
Show standard icons.
Get a list of topics.
Convert command output to list.
Return a list of files for the specified packages.
Load a stored item from the cache.
Build resources from options.
Return soundcloud user text.
View configuration page.
Delete an IPsecPolicy.
Set the window size of a folder.
Draw landmarks on the image.
Return a load object to the database.
Return a list of all providers that are not loaded.
Assert that the nav help link is correct.
Create a fake file.
Generate a random sentence.
Takes a dict and tests it against the given test data.
Select a specific state.
Create eeg els from list of chs.
Get the configured router.
Squarquarf part of a function.
Round x to the nearest integer.
Returns True if obj is writable.
Generate coordinates for each zoom in zooms.
Checks if the given address is a valid ipv4 address.
Writes the given file name suffix to the given file penultimate.
Formats an object as an XML string.
Create a new scratch buffer.
Drop n elements from a sequence.
Return a copy of the environment with no coverage information.
Checks if the value is within the given range.
Limit the number of nodes in the network.
Test that hsl to rgb part 11 matches.
Return the version of the installed package.
Test the classes of a chart.
Fetch daylight hours from the internet.
Yields tracks for the given track id.
Returns the virtual name of the virtualbox.
Time mirror.
Return the D - dimensional array of the given length.
Return a unique path for the given path.
Renders a template and returns a response.
Raise an error if a variable is not found.
Render markdown text.
Validate that the value is aware of the current timezone
Parse onblog date string.
Execute a shell command.
Whitespace before parameters.
safe version of xml safe
Make validation result from data.
Get instrument by id.
Kill all running containers.
Convert a given font size to a given unit.
Test that the ecliptic heliobary is the same as the ecliptic he
Get the path to the plugins directory.
Split a full version id into two parts.
Cleanup a database.
Request a reestablishment request.
Create a network from a data source.
Takes a list of choices and returns a list of choices.
Get an API client.
Canonicalize email addresses in changelog.
Initialize the globals and globals.
Check if flags have a label for a level.
Create an image from a list of files.
Verify the password for the specified user.
Get a new repository.
Output the header of text.
Get the current language.
Escape an LDAP string.
Watch locale for changes.
Get the path to the ros home directory
Test for update of unit order
Check the status of a service.
Render a GET view.
Convert a value to a unicode string.
Return the first occurrence of a file in the specified mode.
Run a list of commands in parallel.
Unpickle a method.
Order complex poles by conjugate.
Return the length of a string of the given length.
Check if the given path is a device.
Return the skewness of an iterable.
Get a valid working directory.
Convert a key to a string.
Test the status of a category.
Given an IP address return the bracketed address.
Find a bootable volume in the specified server.
Create a cudaarray column type.
Autostart the mobsf subdir.
Calculate temperature from hass temperature.
Given a function and a YAML document return a dict with the parameters for each task.
Randomly split features into train and test sets.
Generate the recommendation data.
Check that the number of fields returned is within the maximum number of fields returned.
Expand links from dimension metadata.
Produce a subscript node.
Interpret emr bootstrap stderr.
Base64 encode a string.
Print notification for list member.
Test hide supppressed.
Upload a pattern to a file.
Test that the separations are the same.
Create a HTTP request.
Drop all databases from the databases.
Consume n items from an iterator.
Get webapp global settings.
Check that an image is monotonic.
Reboot the server.
Check if the given name exists in the context.
Convert bytes or file to elementtree.
Validate that the throttle is valid.
Create a status line for the terminal.
Redirect to the specified path with the specified code.
Setup tellcore.
Create a backup.
Returns the arc distance between the given relative location and the given line.
Fetch an image.
popen wrapper for os. popen
Get default object values from file.
Get all the exploration summaries for the given models.
Connect to cloud cdn.
Display a warning for the given ierserr.
Get a file from a Docker container.
Serialize obj to a string.
Convert mode to ndimage mode.
Write tree changes to file.
Convert a sequence of bytes to a bytestring.
Return the softmax of a variable.
Return True if symptom comma in saml private key file.
Check missing generic folder.
Connect to a component and return an XML stream.
Encode a pair of name and value.
Get system stats.
Update a user s follower.
Convert a dotted string into a dictionary.
Validate a config dictionary.
Gradient of the gradient of a function.
Convert qual to fastq format.
Update meta data for a survey question.
Generate a unique id for the given http response.
Get interface addresses.
Parse an HTML page and return the parsed dbms.
Create a new user.
Return the absolute path of the given path.
Check if a module is not found.
assert that tps is the same as tps
Fit a model to the given fps.
Edit a ticket.
Given a dictionary of gens return a tuple of gens.
Clear the cache and clear the cache.
Matches expr with op against other.
Test for find eog events.
Return installed fonts.
Summarize a list of items.
Main entry point for glances.
Interpret the given alg with the given eps. If eps is not None then
Set the log record factory.
Add plugins to menu.
Calculate the relative distance between two strings.
Test if a value is odd.
Convert toposphere.
Convert a sequence of bytes to a double nibble hex encoding.
Get a lexer for the given mime type.
Register a string handler.
Create a linear initializer for a truncated normal.
Decorator to skip commands that do not exist.
Gradient of expected energy.
Convert a string to a date.
xfail test for bounded xfail
Unzip an archive to a temporary directory.
Test that the nextitem index is reached error.
Create a new security event.
Returns a list of targets that match the given build file.
Make a square image from a source image.
Return absolute path relative to start.
Check for changes in existing and modified.
Join host strings.
Load compiler configuration from zmq. file.
Read data from a file.
Return whether or not the host is virtual.
Add a label parameter to the registry.
simple two model class compose 1d
Return the latest version of the specified names.
TensorFlow inception arg scope.
Print text in colored mode.
Scan egg dir for stubs in stubs.
Return a random filesystem name for the given test case.
Run sentry.
Return an iterator over all entrypoints in the specified namespace.
Get filters from a dictionary.
Format nodetext with optionstext.
Computes the cross - entropy of the output tensor.
Setup a light.
Logistic function.
Runs a test shell with the given settings.
Return valid salt data.
Fit a distribution to a sample using the given distr.
Test reshape function.
Get sample from given collection type and datatype.
Return a list of all mdadm devices.
Add a breadcrumb tag for inclusion in a zinnia page.
Reads a random number of bits from a file.
Load settings from file.
Selects randomly selected individuals with automatic epsilon lexicase lexicase.
Normalizes the path and returns the absolute path.
Convert a value to t.
Get EBS volume state.
Get a media player by name.
Get an instance of a model.
Set up the pcscluster.
Add headers to the request.
Delete a column from a user.
Scans plugins and adds them to name.
Get user settings from username.
Get crafted text from archive.
Check for invalid qos spec combination.
Generate an indptr for the given state and indices.
Yield bare characters from a line.
Find the most frequent value in an array.
Returns the current version of the server.
Run a custom environment system.
Check if there are conflicts in unmerged.
Returns True if the contents of arr1 and arr2 are equal.
Load a markov model from a file.
Write a colored text to a list of colors.
Temporarily silences sys. stdout and sys. stderr.
Test for priority of nonegging packages.
Set defaults for rc file.
Convert a value to markdown.
Check if the given pattern is valid.
Return a hash of the passwd for the given user and algorithm.
r 64 - bit unsigned integer.
Get the compiler for the current platform.
Get a set of words from a dictionary of lemmas.
Parse autohelp directive.
Calculate the RMS square of a ring.
Wrapper for get lum series
Extend a list of spans by a specified number of years.
Return a socket that is already listening on the specified port.
Fail if there is an error communicating with a temporary file.
Step 1a.
Prompt the user to open a file.
Test for requote uri with unquoted percents
Get a specific metrics record.
Initialize the log module.
Get the convex of a polygon.
Return the position and string of a cinder todo line.
Create an image tag.
Find all fiducials for subject in subjects dir.
Return the label of a task.
Convert bson. document. Document to bson. document. Document.
Unfavorite notification.
Filter a list of dictionaries based on a key and value.
Match type.
Bessel function of a data set.
Check if the client is a master node.
Reboot a host.
Opt 2 operator.
Format allowed section.
Check if user can lock a project.
Setup a switch.
Convert datetime to cdtf format.
Get the top level images of the given imagedata.
Run pip wheel test.
Return an ast. name with the given name and store.
Delete a volume type.
Parse a header line.
Decorator that asserts that a word is a valid string.
Get installed packages.
Get all exploration ids subscribed to a user.
Compute the Fresnelc of a number of zeros.
Copy volume glance metadata to volume snapshot.
P direct abstract declarator 5.
Check the path of a module.
Delete an interface from a BSD.
Create a topic subscription and add it to delete
Check if a file is a tar archive.
Test triux convergence.
Send email when changes
Check if a device exists.
Returns True if the given series id and episode id match the given series id.
Test rotation angles of 3d rotations.
Validate a schema file.
Solve the linear system of the linear system with respect to x.
Create a writable config file.
Decode unicode objects.
Iterates over all services associated with an instance.
Recursively iterates through a list of source code files and returns the number of warnings.
Test the advanced inc subtensors.
Convert xywh boxes to xyxy coordinates.
Get the outer loops of a list of loops.
Test for skipif.
Whether or not the server is virtual or not.
Parse a link id.
Convert a binary buffer to an integer.
Return a list of all files in the specified packages.
Annotate text with text clip.
Return the context for the given model.
Fetch a disk image.
Return the relative value of x.
Get translation dictionary.
Try to guess the type of a given field.
Initialize the completion model for the usertypes. completion. bind.
Get the path to the SSL certificate file.
Generate a colormap from a colormap spec.
Get a certificate.
Return a unique identifier for the given path.
Confirms a user with password reset.
Find a review by id.
Parse a progress bar from a progress bar.
Make a compensator for the given info and coils.
Replace linebreaksbr with str.
Parse command line arguments and return them as a list.
Convert an integer to bytes.
Stop dumping the tracemalloc thread.
Complete linkage.
Return a dict of mode and quotatype for a given name.
Return a list of lines that start with the specified name.
Test the validity of a feature from a string.
Show a detail message for a user.
Check if entry points are valid.
Install an editable svn repository.
Create or record a new organization onboarding task.
Add a file handler to the logging module.
Reset the sql table for the given app and style.
Join a and p into a.
Deedify a string and add it to the process manager.
Rename a process.
Create or update a database.
Extract a zip archive to a target directory.
Write incron file to path.
Read HDF5 deconvolution data.
Generate an HTML representation of the given node.
Convert a date object to a string.
Convert mc to cum.
Install ssl if it doesn t exist.
Fixture for caching requests.
Log an exception.
Decodes the given array using the specified encoding.
Get the content of a file from a URL.
Fixture for enterprise url.
Return True if string is an int or long type.
Convert a row to a polynomial.
Convert a string to UTF - 8.
Return available QingCloud sizes.
Decode a RFC 2231 string.
Deletes the specified qos specification.
Returns a function that unzips the given file.
Validate a config dictionary.
Add basic options to an option group.
Run the test suite.
Create https certificates.
Create a url from a base url and query.
Convert a local path to a canonical path.
Reference to a key value.
Default callback for zip.
List meters by project.
Load local variables from a file.
Get files with file types unmodified or unmodified gcode.
Temporarily disables the widget s updates when the context exits.
Add a loop to the loops.
Setup the OCTOPRINT endpoint.
Convert naive datetime to naive datetime.
Run a WSGI function.
Get tp for temporal imp.
Load MNIST images from file.
Compare event collection with event collection.
Register a simple tag with two parameters.
Dump all documents in a stream.
Create a toolkit history object.
Delete a draft message.
Confirm that the priors are the same.
Delete a url from the cache.
Get active contexts.
Add square two to a dictionary.
Parse add values into a list of dicts.
Join rows with joiner.
Redo the current project.
Collapse a list of addresses into a list of addresses.
Return the version number of nftables.
Permission denied view.
Test whether a systemd state is running.
Add SSH public keys to a directory.
Return the jids for the given returner.
Remove all files that have been checked in by user.
Register inclusion tag.
Test that generate context matches expected context.
Regenerates the status of a config file.
Correct a font.
Define image properties table.
List all nodes in the cloud.
Raise a warning or raise an exception.
Replace unsafe characters in a shlex string.
Writes merged cells to the worksheet.
Setup the platform.
Check that all required module dependencies are satisfied.
Validates that all users in the form have a local site.
safe version of vectorized
Remove files older than mtime from filepaths.
Install a docker plugin.
Create the expected dataframe for factor computation.
Read a cache entry.
Returns a sorted dict of fields for the given model.
Expands a dictionary by expanding all keys with the specified separator.
Return the configuration as a dictionary.
Add a song to the playlist.
Build a new traversal spec.
Calculate the ROC of a dataset.
Check if a given name is peered or not.
Build a base class object from a member.
List of threads in a forum.
Raise an exception if the environment variable is not set.
Remove a package.
Return the root directory of the analyzer.
Create a date from a list of ticks.
Send email confirmation.
Get the logical part of a source line.
Called when settings are closed.
Test whether the given code points to a sky sky projection.
Insert paths into sys. path.
Convert an iterator to a table.
Get the jinja environment.
Render to response best match.
Test shift of sparktext chart.
item string expr.
Return a dictionary of getters for item field.
Validate read preference tags.
cascaded version of cython. test.
Serve a file.
Rename a node.
Get the authorize url for the current user.
Convert a string to unicode if possible.
Compile multiple sources and return a set of results.
Temporarily generates an example script.
Get a volume attached to an attachment.
Returns True if the current environment is a dev2 environment.
Close a swift connection.
Split a git patch file.
Get Voronoi loop by point inside and outside.
List launchd services.
Asserts that path object is a valid path object.
Return evennia version.
A task that sleeps for the given amount of time.
P labeled statement 1.
Return a new derivation for the given element node.
Auto - model the doctype.
paging request for type 1 message
Test if the given string is the same language as the given language.
Show the difference between two commits.
Check if two dns are equal.
Disable a module and reload the service.
Get platform string.
Inverse fisher z transform
Test that the SVM model is equal to the model.
Acquire a number of available pids.
Get stats for the last week for a user.
Get feedback for text input.
Create a new bookmark collection.
Gradient test for gradient.
Send a message to a recipient.
Displays the data in a 2D image.
Start a new amqp receiver.
Open firewalld command.
Check if a directory is empty.
Get the URL for a marketing link.
Returns True if the test succeeds False otherwise.
Add a user to the course creator group.
Execute a query and return a list of rows.
Entry point for the command line interface.
Get a field from a string.
Temporarily capture the output of a given stream.
Checkout a potential branch.
Tag an image.
Decorator to update a quota class.
Wrapper for get object or 404.
Return the version of the ceph daemon.
Collect all roots from a list of paths.
Write the chain text to a file.
Test adasyn with bad ratio.
Write a password to the server.
Create a test package for the given submodule.
Returns a dictionary of usage information for the given usage string.
Mock software secure post.
Encode an object using banana factory.
List all available bridges.
Get the system username.
Split a string into a path and a file.
Process an element node.
Detect logos in a given path.
Check if a connection can be established.
Generate gradients for a dipy sphere.
Uninstall flocker ubuntu.
Update accept packet based on mobile id follow on proceed or cts permission presence.
Return the current process.
Get glance id for given image id.
Load an environment from a config file.
Process an email message.
Prunes the given path and all of its ancestors.
Extract allocations from JSON body.
Return the python compiler.
Sleep for a given amount of time.
Returns the number of parameter banks for a given device.
Return whether or not the remote events are enabled.
Get the z - value of the last line in line block.
Encrypt text using SSH public key.
Ignore headers that are present in the request.
Shortcut for aborter.
Signup a user with a given email address.
Set the sdram frequencies for a given setting.
Update the index of a unit.
Add flaskbb plugins.
Test cross entropy softmax1 hot with bias dx.
Generate a random pwnstaller code.
Load the ipython extension.
Test if subset contains superset.
Return active log format.
Convert a mpl symbol to a string.
Inherit the nomination from the last installed addon.
Check for copyright.
A thread that writes the output to stdout and stderr to stderr.
Add local classes to node2.
Returns a list of fieldsets that are excluded from review.
Build an authorized http for the given credentials.
Process the ETag request and add the etag to the response.
Run a job and return a list of events.
Partition a dictionary into a set of keys.
Return a list of data files for vendor libs.
Create a java fat library.
Deactivate all active translations.
Convert a list of RGB colors to RGB components.
Get response body.
Returns the minimum score of a list of scores.
Given a list of relationship lists return a list of word relationships.
Delete a task.
Get the size of an entry in bytes.
Check if the given text has ajax crawlable meta.
Parse a resource and return a list of schemas.
Apply a smart text transform to a promise.
Return a copy of the session configuration.
Convert a format string to a qemu format.
Clean assets.
Return global config keys.
Get unicode stream.
Synchronize email addresses for a user.
Find an executable in the given path.
Get tags for an instance.
Create a wx. Image from a wx. Image
Invalidate a cached star from the cache.
Get the number of connected devices.
Check if a symlink exists.
Get the largest inset loop from the given loop.
Bump the current version.
Configure all registered mappers.
Invert an image.
Verify views.
Choose lines from a source string.
Check if an array is sparse.
Returns True if the named service is disabled.
Queue tabnav themes interactively.
Updates the metrics for the Google Analytics search.
Get filesystem size.
Manage firewall configuration.
Generate a unique variable.
Iterate over all modules in the specified directory.
Get block device information.
Set copyright credits credits credits and license.
Count the number of errors in a string.
Create a tasklist extension.
Returns True if val is a bool or False otherwise.
Convert a gray list to a binary string.
Get a descriptor system.
Add cdpaths to paths.
Check ownership of an object.
Interpret size.
Decorate a function to provide metadata.
Set the DNS for the specified iface.
Get a specific user.
Get listing content type.
Convert datetime to epoch ns.
Returns True if x and y have the same cryptovariable.
Read a user choice.
Parse a tcp line into a dictionary.
Get the generator and prime for a given algorithm.
Get the encryption oracle for the given secret name.
Remove all templates from the environment.
Determine the user agent to use.
Rebuild wiki document.
Test for regression in futuretimes 4302.
Generate random text.
Setup sudoers.
Compare two values for constant time.
Main entry point for the GitHub CLI.
Formats a value with the given argument and returns the formatted string.
Get the full path to a test file.
Return the average weight of a path.
prefer xmodules from entry points
Decode a thumbnail from a tup dict.
Start the main loop.
Instrumented task.
Get quote by channel.
Undefer a deferred or deferred.
Test context configuration.
Get the reverse primers for the given mapping.
Convert a list of language names to a dictionary of language codes.
Paste text into bot. plugin. file
Return a rwx string for the specified mode.
Migrate groups.
Return the string representation of a file or None if the file is not a string.
Create a role.
Returns True if obj is writable or False otherwise.
Test flattener layer state separation.
Discover the tellcore devices.
Instrumented task.
Raise an attribute error.
Return a function that automatically translates the given name to the specified dialect.
Remove a service or check from a module.
Setup livestreamer plugin options
Get loop layers from element node to output.
Write sample data to file.
Get local attribute value from string.
mobify an image
Fixtures for table initialization.
Initialize plugins for linter.
Get the serials of all users in the database.
Modify a profile.
Get current user.
Backup an application to a new bucket.
Add test result to skipped list.
Context manager for creating a new subsystem.
Lock the minion.
Generate the coverage flag for a java environment.
Get the value of a key.
Delete an image property.
Delete a logger.
Strip ansi characters from text.
Return a tuple of the shapelist of a.
Check if a host exists on the local machine.
Set the configuration for the specified directory.
Check to see if the screensaver is running.
Check if a device is valid.
Bootstrap a bot.
Start a new VM.
Migrate a message from one queue to another.
Select plugin.
Main entry point for the script.
Implement the download specify implementation.
Get the distance between a line and a list of paths.
Color - difference between two strings.
Get the location of an object.
Show an error message.
Fit sample with edited nearest neighbours.
Yields the n most recent columns of a customer.
Return a list of binipdisplay strings from a string.
Start a new job.
Given a list of topics return a set of all the top IDs of the topics that are
Merge a dictionary into a new dictionary.
Convert RGB to HSV.
Initialize a test suite.
Test format of config file.
Return a list of all paths in the given path.
Get crafted text from gcode text.
Get a flavor by id.
Convert an object to a JSON string.
Installs a wheel and asserts that it is installed.
Add a new group.
Return a dict of CPU times.
Describe a cache clusters.
Test whether IP supports encodings are supported.
Check configuration sanity.
Get a sample of resources.
Routes a string to the home page.
Validate plugin methods against plugin base class.
Set the value of a ctid or name.
Create a CSR for the given domains.
Get the os id for a given uname.
Iterate over all datasets in a deployment.
Get the dependencies of the virtual machine.
Parse a JSON response.
Set the state of a package
Runs the specified functions on the specified object.
Convert text to unicode.
Enable theming.
Load a JSON object from a file.
Return True if the key is optional or none.
Convert a board coordinate to an action.
Run ifconfig test.
Get disk bus for given virt type and disk dev
Setup switches based on config.
Create a widget object for the specified module.
Return a pretty version of any object.
tanh computes the tanh of x
Pretty print a matrix.
Replace unnamed groups in pattern with pattern.
Return True if dir is a theme dir.
Get the helix complex path for the given helix.
Check if a module is loaded.
Call the given function with the given arguments.
Check if a temp file exists.
Get a role by name.
Move a file from src to dest.
Find the first occurrence of func in iterable.
Convert a version object to a useful object.
Locate optional file name.
Execute a command.
Formats the given value as a file - size format.
Yield postfixes from a sequence.
Get a list of profilers matching the filter data.
Check if cuda is available.
Get all objects in the database.
Get the maximum value of a dataset.
Generate a random ID of the given shape.
Return a requests session object.
Check if a document has permission for the given doctype.
Returns the set of enabled quotas.
Create a console output.
Create a new domain.
Get an attribute from an object.
Generate a hash for the given content.
Read a file from the local filesystem.
Reset prompt length.
Create a retry argument spec.
Return the plurality of a list of objects.
Unary expression 3.
Save a new model to the database.
Return a dict representation of the ANOVA.
Run the intf command.
Normalized log - likelihood.
Given a key and a sequence return the k most frequent elements in the sequence.
Initialize compare process.
Create a query from a query.
Return a list of infos about the current group.
Check if a major version is available.
Return the minimum value of the copula.
Process element node by derivation.
Parse a header string and return a tuple of key value pairs.
Find the LXC bridge.
Re - raise a new exception or type.
Subscribe to a document.
Returns True if the virtualenv is running under virtualenv.
Parse an HTML document and trace it.
Test meshdata for equality.
Resolve patterns path.
Get the inventory from di.
Compute targets based on overlaps and labels.
Return a string representation of a number or none.
Set the psz mux for the specified instance.
Base64 encode a string.
Add a command to the tracklist.
Cast params to schemas.
Create a docker client.
Computes the n - th trial of the candidates.
Include a profile image.
Delete a folder.
Decode a cookie into a payload.
Demonstrate nltk.
Iterates over all tests in a suite.
Get the protocol to use.
Delete documents from an index.
Check if the log line matches the audit log.
Test that the script has a bad algo option.
Generate a dictionary of mtimes for each file in path.
Get a list of tests for a given package.
Copy stat from src to dst.
Create a zone configuration file.
Shortcut for flask. app. route
Download a file if it doesn t exist.
Normalize a URI.
Return a list of color names.
Return the lower case of a string.
Assert that a number is a valid hug chain.
Persist a value to a config file.
Detect the distro of all registered probes.
Add a check or service to a module.
Pretty print a Python object.
Return a list of rising items.
Create credential resolver.
Get the field name for a user in a profile.
Strip variants from an address.
Convert a language string to a locale string.
Update the review counts for the local site.
Validate a file and return a task id.
Test if html is rendered correctly.
Convert an internal date string to a time tuple.
Construct came from environment variables.
Remove a sender from the pool.
Merge sequences into c3.
Convert an array to a 2d array.
Download urls from lixian.
Remove version from href.
Send notification for notifs after purchase.
Verify a file against a verifier.
Setup gh - issue and ghuser roles.
Contextmanager that restores the warnings state of a module.
Encode unicode data using the specified encoding.
Returns True if the polarity of the string s is less than threshold.
Set the computer sleep.
Parse repos from a module.
Return True if the local environment variable starts with str.
Get a list of users.
Return a pretty version of OS release.
Clean s3 instance.
Flatten a nested nested dictionary.
Get default profile image urls.
Reverse a dictionary.
Match keys in a dictionary.
Return a stream of the local proxy.
Fft out chunks of a along a given axis.
Return a function that returns the number of lines in the specified file.
Remove a configuration file.
Check if a group id or name is effective.
Return True if any of the events have been returned.
Returns a list of server messages for the given app.
Transpose x inplace.
Make permission config key for view class.
Prompts the user to enter a cookie.
Parse a machine string into a tuple.
Return a range of integers between start and end inclusive.
Get style value from xml element.
let s add a command
Given a role name describe its policies.
Record the usage of a ratelimit.
Move tables from one database to another.
Verifies that a and b are the same.
Return the version number of the installed version number.
Append data to the end of the file.
Duplicate a part of a finite field.
Return the latest package name.
Convert a path to lowercase.
Cancel a card hold.
Return the virtual name of the minion.
Create a new lock.
Adds an assignment tag to the register.
Entry point for the command line interface.
Find latest installed pypi links.
Set the hostname of the daemon.
Get the flags from the daemons.
Derivative of the iqr function.
Verify that the certificate is valid.
Get an item from a collection.
Prepare apt for execution.
Convert search torrent to json.
Compute a percentile of a using the given interpolation.
Returns True if a is sorted ascending False otherwise.
Reload a child process.
Get a validator by name.
Get libvirt user and group credentials.
The global version of vtk.
Returns the given value as a positive integer.
Setup KNX tunnel.
Block reduction op.
Returns the zone with the given name or None if no zone is available.
Render pep440 pieces.
List all available designs for a workflow.
Base64 encode a string
Create a new database.
Calculate the energy entropy of a frame.
Process xml element and call manipulation function
Get standby timeouts.
Remove a file or directory from the filesystem.
Validate that value is not blank.
Decorator to define a void pointer function.
Clip a sequence and qual from the input data.
Connect to cloud monitoring.
Find the health check for the given wanted object.
Generate test files from src to dest.
Wake a stuck flow.
Get version data from url.
Returns the platform token for the given os module and sys. platform
Parse a tformat string and return a tuple of repeat format and option.
Get content item from database.
Build a graph from a list of files.
Connect to the registration backend.
Run x11 on a node.
Rounds a number up to ndigits digits.
Return True if distribution is a ubuntu distribution.
Render a snippet of critical checks for a unit.
Add a playlist command to the playlist.
Normalize a column to the median of the median.
Run pip install on every directory in settings. addon path
Load an application from a file.
Configure cloudpipe.
Create a datetime. datetime object from a year month day hour minute and second.
Return tracks with the given track id.
csrf protected roles.
Check if driver is compatible with host agent types.
Test that unicode slugify is unicode.
Get the cache for the current session.
Return the solrctl path.
Reexecs sys. executable with updated modules.
Use oslo logger.
Uninstall site packages before upgrade.
Filter bad releases.
Get the image for a given vm
Show all shows matching the given name.
Find the stored ticket for a given bridge.
Return True if expr is a sqrt expression.
Convert a parsed URL into a dictionary of CGI environment variables.
Generate a RST file from a source directory.
Get backup files from backup info.
Return True iff f is negative p k.
Return the basis of a set of rings.
Clears all cached environments and lexers.
The newline token.
Get preview image.
Apply a style function to an element.
Emit a track event for a bookmark.
Get the installer for the specified module.
Get a loc from the context.
blur a Gaussian image
Automatically import a module and return a dictionary of attributes and doc objects.
Returns a s3 representation of the fullname of a person.
Run pip with the given priority test.
Count the number of elements that differ from actual and expected.
Load a certificate using pyopenssl. crypto.
List all snapshots in a domain.
Get the argument spec for a function.
Get roles for a user in the database.
Setup all the modules in the app.
Return sandbox on prod response.
Return the square root of x.
Get user attempts.
Get absolute number from season and episode.
Find the isotopes for the given session.
Exports all languages in the database.
Ensure all licenses exist.
View for an account.
Polynomial derivation of a polynomial.
Get the orientation of the image.
Cancel a primitive field.
Swap memory in memory.
Update the ssl config with the specified options.
Given a URI return the short name of the URI.
Execute a command and return a dictionary of command - line options.
Remove all uuids from the database.
Validate handlers.
Find the best kernel for a given path.
Create a socket object and connect to it.
Load data from statsmodels
Create a file at the specified path.
Create a dssp dict from a pdb file.
Calculate the chuang f3 of an individual.
Get the user secrets manager.
Split a string into key - value pairs.
True if this is a virtual environment.
Ensure a directory exists.
Return the bounds of a list of sizes.
Translate a matrix.
Rename a key.
Start the viewer.
Return a test suite.
Convert an RGB string to 256.
Decode a hex address.
Instrument a class based on a registry and metadata.
Main entry point for the script.
Get disk size for a given linode
Entry point for the neutron - ovs command.
Upload a report to the store.
Check if the given octet is the quopri header.
Evaluate the given operation on the given feed dict.
Calculate the ambient differences between two functions.
Receiver for promote latest release.
Fixture for aiohttp client.
Create cloudpipe.
Create a directory structure if it doesn t exist.
Get a storage connection.
The index function for the view.
Handle the activity of a post.
Request a layer from a configuration.
Add a crossfade command to the protocol.
Write data to a file.
Generate a random md asset.
Run binskim on the specified bin.
Return the number of followers of the specified user.
View for a user.
Populate all collectors in the specified directory.
Walk a module tree and return a list of module objects.
Get the label for a field.
Test that the ncr object is wrong.
Authenticate against the minions.
Return a list of items that are not equal to item.
Check if a namespace is visible.
Get the raised height grid.
Apply a div operator to an expression.
Serve a directory browser.
Set the timezone for the minion.
Return the bugreport for the current application or the current state.
Jump to previous window.
Return the monomial pow of a.
Get svn revision.
Entry point for the command line interface.
Create a track function for the given student and task instance.
Reverse a view.
Create a new filesystem in the given root.
List all mock games in a directory.
Returns a list of valid domains.
Verify that all indices are unique.
Get a virtual interface by instance uuid and network.
Get resources on service clients.
Return the absolute path to the given relative path.
Auto complete queryset.
Check for incomplete vs.
Find the disk for the given virt dom.
Encodes the given image into a list of images.
Concatenate url with args.
Logs a user into the given token.
Assign a random category to a resource.
Install a mpt.
Write a fake ring to disk.
Prints the animals if they are in the animals list.
test for RZ
Initialize fflayer parameters.
Generate a project list.
Get the tagname of an element.
Create a filter for tasks.
Create a spyder action.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of b in a.
Parse a signed request and return the data.
Recursively merges old and new into new.
Decorator for producer functions.
Return the absolute path of the given path.
Convert a graph to a list of edges.
Check the quota for a given image.
Update an exploration search document.
Auto up the history.
View function for ajax location lookup.
Get the ico of a grade.
Set log locator parameters.
Break text into parentscore parentkey and parentkey.
Return a base64 - encoded version of the given SHA.
Receive raw buffer from a worker thread.
Return a generator of unstopped tokens from the token stream.
Create a WSGI resource.
Get a set of words from a page.
Check if the doc has any controller permissions.
Add params to a query string.
Register corrupt bytes in a string.
Return a smart path from a string.
Cleans up a classification network.
Return a list of paths from a list of items.
Summarize a string.
Returns the absolute path to the migration directory for the given repository.
Test embedding of video file.
Stop dumping processes.
Rounds a rectangle to the specified size and radius.
Get hold pattern from line.
Repair the central directory of a zip file.
Update an image.
Get field info for a given model.
Calculate the fitness and quality of a mime range.
Get all overrides for a given CCX.
Verify the checksum of a buffer.
Generate a discrete sequence.
Create an SMTP rule.
Return a human - readable time string for the given number of seconds.
P pointer 3.
Filter lines enum by skip requirements regex.
Create a new wrapper for the given model.
Generate a unique id for the given user.
Decorator that prints keypair information to stdout.
Modify tags in a node.
Returns True if ldap is virtual or False otherwise.
Create a new node
Create sphinx extension.
Create a rule that displays a bot s information.
Returns the goal of the S3 controller
Convert a multidict to a dict.
Bind a context to an account.
Minimize trust region.
Request for the CSU oracle.
Get a set of test targets for a client.
Get a value from mylist or default.
Permute a list of lists
Test shared float32 constructor.
Load a SVM file.
Get a clipped loop path.
Kill the old process.
L1 norm of a tensor.
urllib. urlencode wrapper for urllib. urlencode.
Write an external book to the root of the document.
Get the divmod of x and y.
Mask events with trigs.
Prints the nands.
Whether or not this is a virtual oracle.
Write data to a memory file.
View function for spam dashboard.
Add a collar shaft to the graph.
Convert a slug to a lower - case slug.
Update a plan and execute instructions.
Create a new node.
Validate a stringlist.
Generate a local resource URL for an XBlock resource.
Tag that returns the current language node.
Convert a list of int64 features into a list of int64 features.
Null error tracker.
Create a new client.
Get carving from XML parser.
Find human readable labels for a set of synsets.
Split expr into surds.
Find the maximum occupancy node in a list of directories.
Compute the rosen hessian of x.
Remove tags from a value.
Check if a device is a valid partition
Move a file from one location to another.
Create a rowkey for a scan.
Get instance tag by instance uuid.
Return the configuration of the backend.
Find the notifier for the given object and name.
Get a list of snippets by file name and function name.
Create a new course.
Lift a function into a loop.
Get the version number of the given path.
Return the hash of all open subtitles in the given path.
Lookup a domain s name.
Setup ourusps platform.
Run the salt spm command
Get the organisation address for the given row.
Check the number of exclusive options.
Add a node to the cluster
Get information about a certificate.
Create a new signing keyset.
Whether or not the virtual machine is running.
Record the result of an exchange.
Test root mean absolute error.
Fixture for pytest. fixture. readline
Add serializer errors to field.
Build a map of initiator to target wwns.
Change the name of a table.
Decorator to cache a finder.
Returns the accurate value of the legen lut at x.
Download a file from an origin to a destination.
Add a user to the account.
Create a list of slices from start to stop.
Remove prefix from a if it starts with prefix.
Create a named temporary file.
Load multiple databases.
Get the latest pep pages for a given assignment.
Return the cross product of sequences.
Unpack a string into a caveat and polished version.
fork a fork process.
symmetrized symmetrized decorrelation function
Detach a volume from a device.
Read a Coil point from a directory.
Generate a random base64 - encoded secret.
Returns a smoothed version of the current repository.
Create a string buffer.
Get the number of signals times times times times and times of the given data.
Display the module name.
Return a warning message for the given exception.
Build the match conditions for the given document type.
Get information about a particular SRID.
Sanitize a redirect to a specific host.
Precompute st windows.
Calculates the average precision of a score.
Clear the frappe cache.
Create a new group.
Returns the linear roots of f.
Create a diff between two objects.
Get download speed limit.
Set a date string in the info object.
Return True if obj is hashable False otherwise.
Return a list of all available extensions.
Show options for the user.
Convert an item to a variable.
Parse the remainder of a list of arguments.
Build a wedge text source from a DataFrame.
Parse trust root path.
Print help for all available commands.
Create a package in the specified source folder.
Run a job.
Get the style of a node.
Query a thing from the database.
Get the alias for the given class.
Returns the squared difference between x1 and x2
Parse a SQLite table schema value.
Return a string representation of an ACL.
Return a list of popular URLs.
Commits the connection and cleans up the database.
Iterate over windows service.
Follow a dataset
Get the status of a task from a vm state.
Delete a project.
Get a temporary directory for galaxy test.
Returns a sorted list of all disabled configurations.
Popup injection test.
Set the gid of the current process.
Destroy an instance.
Return the api version directive.
Return a list of path names.
Return the path to the build file.
Returns a technical 500 response.
Generator that yields a sequence of integers.
Collapse a soap message into a soap envelope.
tear down the test database.
Flatten a nested dictionary.
Safely convert a sequence of objects to unicode.
Return package data as dict.
Register a Swig library.
Convert a string to a format dictionary.
Get loops in descending order of area.
Unescape a doctest string into a code string.
Filter public email addresses.
Generate a UUID from a namespace and name.
Switch the current request to a new one.
Replace options in doc with values in opts.
Default tax handler.
Measure a list of tables.
Read a git head.
Convert a stts dictionary into a Penntreebank object.
lstrips lstrips lstrips
Update the parent status of a communication doc.
Group all tokens in tlist by cls. m.
Get the minimum of two complexes.
massage metakeys from a dictionary
Sample samples from a function.
Display a list of songs
Stop a service.
Validate that all keys in update are valid.
Copy or rename a transcript.
Check if the given name matches the given safe chars.
Decorator to set the http library to use.
Return data to the minion.
Check if arguments are valid.
Extracts a command from the command line.
Get a new repository.
Return the version tag for the current commit.
Write the chain text to a file.
Check if a cluster exists.
Send a signal to the minion.
Dedent the first n characters of a string.
Get a session for a given server.
Return a manager class for the given django engine.
Show an instance.
Get a random cron date time.
Contextmanager that runs the contextmanager in a contextmanager and then stops the profiler.
Create a temporary file.
Instrument a task to check all identities that have been synced.
Filter gens based on a symbol.
Find the host with the given ref.
Compare a list of optimizers with a list of optimizers.
service all messages in the lane
Create a deferred class for the given model and attrs.
Unpack a CLI argument into a value.
Split digest data into a list of strings.
Test that sobel h is vertical.
Update an instance in the database.
Validate a configuration dictionary.
Return True if the user can access this course.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not boto is virtual.
Run the test suite.
Show assigned orders statuses and filters.
Check if the given file contents is a valid AST.
Clean multiline string.
Validate skipna arguments.
Return the namespace of t.
Test that the bootstrap length of a norm is the same as the bootstrap length of a norm.
Copy volume glance metadata to a snapshot.
Return a dict of mounts.
Get information about a device.
Test that deep bases win over dependents.
Get the platform to use for the build.
Process an XML element.
Return a dict of fields that have changed since the last call to update.
Check the size of a file.
Get details about an ETag.
Create a new signing keyset for the given secret.
Get the transfer closest to a given location.
Create a property that returns a boolean indicating whether or not the given columns should be deferred.
Write unpaired reads to XML file.
Generate page toc from soup.
Try to find a magic number from a file.
Compile pattern using re. compile.
Get the version of a bcaddress.
tuplize a dict
Create a new user.
Test managed file mode keep helper.
Get the configured provider.
Get all ancestors of a given pe.
Test cookie jar initialization.
Decrypts the given data using the given key.
Load results from a tgz file into a temporary directory.
Get the outgoing URL for the given url.
Get all comments in the database.
Split a list into n splits.
Move the list to the next block.
Process a bitmap file and return the width height size and data.
Demangle a name to a mode and bup normal.
Calculate the congestion control packet.
Return the interface name for the given host.
Calculate gc content of a sequence.
Create a security group rule.
Rewrite providers URIs.
Join a base path with a list of paths.
Return the q of the codon lst.
Determine the fitness and quality of a mime range based on the parsed ranges.
demographic controller.
Add two dictionaries by key.
Check if a subdomain is present in the environment.
Return True if all tenants are present in search opts.
Decrement any value in tup by num.
Temporarily change context. mode.
Plots a scatter plot of the specified number of points.
Repeatedly solves the problem.
Draw a rectangle with the given hatch and color.
Send text to a backend.
Alarm for a job.
Test whether the function is a broadcast function.
Get a photometer by name.
Associates a fixed IP pool with an existing one.
Add commands to menu.
Check if the given data matches the given check.
Make a paginated response.
Setup the coordinator thread.
Return grains for gpu data.
Disable select mode.
Test terrain loading.
Returns the path to the data directory for a component.
Disassociate stagekeys from an API key.
Transform an exp - likelihood function into an exp - likelihood.
Open a local file or a local file.
Compare a value against a given version.
Returns True if matplotlib is interactive False otherwise.
Attach custom attributes to the issue queryset.
Get script name from WSGI environment.
Search for sprots in text.
Create a new frappe site.
Encode text with maximal percent encoding.
Returns a list of recommends for the specified user.
Receiver hook for user. changed signal.
Takes a play JSON object and returns a dict of player stats.
Get client options.
Get the overhang span of an element node.
Return the x - axis label for the given epoch axis.
Main entry point for the script.
Get the default timezone.
Convert a base URI to a relative URI.
Remove a str element from a config dict.
Demonstrate a meetinglink.
Get a virtual machine reference by name.
Load gradient boosting model from pickle file.
Send confirmation email to zulip.
Perform a search and return a list of results.
Return a list of registered handlers.
Create a mkfs option from a tune2fs dict.
Essentially checks the unique value of a field.
Expand variables p into a string.
Ensure that a context attribute exists.
Pre prediction.
synopsis a file.
Check if a short number is possible for a region.
Temporarily change sys. excepthook to sys. excepthook.
Detect the operating system.
Normalize brightness of two images.
Redirects a string to the specified number of times.
Return the branch of the results.
Get device type from model.
Returns a list of all arguments that match the signature of fn.
Test operator for export
Return True iff f contains softmax.
Update the viewer with a new visualization.
Process element node by derivation.
Convert a string to bytes.
Determines if a module should be skipped.
Send a mail to a recipient list.
Test for fix.
Clip audio left to right.
install a gtk2 reactor
Convert text to bytes.
Decorator for register. to end tag.
Return a slice of obj from a to b.
Source tmux files.
Create an artifact for the given entity.
Login to the specified user.
Check if a given email address is absent.
Delete a scan.
Given a list of loops find all the surrounding loops that are inside the loop.
Fetch inventory from the server.
Get the most popular groups.
Return the network counters for the specified interface.
Convert a string to a unicode string.
Convert a path to a unicode string.
Get the version number from the version file.
Return the current version of distutils.
Create a subprocess.
Load a certificate from a path.
Check if a file is out of date.
List users in the database.
Evaluate the given space with the given assignment.
Show a snapshot of the cloud.
Returns True if the freeze command is enabled.
Generate a symmetric polynomial.
farray wrapper around carray. carray
Twips a value.
Make tags in proper format.
Tag that returns the current language node.
Get epochs from raw file.
Return the HMAC - SHA1 hash of the given URL.
Get the elem at the given rank.
Extract snmp from snmp data.
Validate that value is a string.
Return an iterator for a GPI document.
Generate a proto go source.
Executes the command output multiple times and prints the output.
Update a group.
Create orget an address.
Given a line of text return a tuple of the first character and the last word.
Determine the list kwargs for the given options.
Get language and akas from a movie.
Main entry point for the command line interface.
Check that the current directory is in the current directory.
Returns True if the given url has an explicit scheme.
Run undefined behave as a test.
Setup logging for the specified product.
Quote a URL for use in URLs.
Redirect to the default location.
Return the dot - mavproxy directory.
Convert a volume id to EC2 volume id.
XOR two bytearrays.
Find a file in a path.
Looks for commands in the given client.
Compare two media types.
Return a pretty fulltext representation of a sentence.
List the runners for the given modules.
Disassociate a role from an instance profile.
Create a litecoin crypto command.
List all profiles in a directory.
Delete a metadef property.
Add an application to the state.
Return a boolean indicating if the mission is virtual or not.
Check if an agent is buggy or not.
Expand variables in a path.
Recreate instances in a mig.
Returns a list of all the names of all bears.
Base64 - encode a string.
Base58encode a string.
Resize an instance.
Validate a password against a set of validators.
test success junit xml
Return a stubborn dict.
Return the identity of an object.
Check if the user can assign an article to a staff.
Cache a string of code for the current user.
List all tables in a dataset.
Get a key from the database.
Setup the alarm platform.
Get the module path for the given dotted name.
Given a physical line return the maximum line length.
Fetch the content of a URL.
Replace variables with default.
Test that no stdlib collections are compatible.
Compute the kurtosis of an array.
Get course by id.
Start the admin server.
Return True if the environment is virtual.
Initialize the working set.
inject net into fs
Copy the local config file to the local config directory.
Create a new t matrix.
Test the schema of a service.
Test that features in current directory are in inner directory.
hyperexpand to meijerg function
Check if a path is inside loops.
Check if method exists in estimator.
Create a random number of bytes.
Execute a SQL query and return the result.
Install nodejs if version is different from source version.
Return the part of x.
Get the size of a stream.
Set vif host backend.
Clone a repo.
Check if a virtual is redundant.
Run tscript in test mode
Search for folders in the account.
Create a multiprocessing pool.
List a tab of the current working directory.
Initializer list 1.
Load example module.
True if tk type is x.
Convert a list - like object to timedelta64.
Convert a boolean to a bitarray.
Return a summary of the alignment.
Pad logits with logits with logits and logits.
Return the negation of a polynomial function f.
Parse a path expression into a string.
Port range callback.
Get an ssl adapter class.
Event on first init.
Add a value and an argument to an integer.
Expand a reader with macros.
Assert that two strings are equal.
Get city code from request headers.
Parses the cisco configuration file and returns a list of crypto maps.
Convert url to mid number.
Get the CCX for a given team.
Return the sortkey of the given sq operator.
Update a package in the database.
Ensure that the host is correct.
Force a string to be bytes or bytes.
Remove role from username
Show a page that has no revisions.
Build an image from data.
Yield numbers and strings from a cinder line.
Login in a test client.
Split title and year into title and year.
Scipy s sinh function.
Formats a number in I18N format.
Register inclusion tag.
Subtract a polynomial from a polynomial.
Build html page from classified text.
Fix connectivity problem.
Profile a bc01 function.
Exhaust the given CSS selector and return the result as HTML.
Register a contributor for a request.
Return a dmp primitive of f u k.
Return creation only option for collection creation.
Start a webserver.
Get the request body.
p expression name
Get a deterministic value for the given table name.
Add a command to the dispatcher.
Get all roles for a given path.
Get preferred environment encoding.
Write JSON content to the response.
Load all modules and badmodules from a file.
Test for bad get.
Return one level output of data.
Check if a bridge exists or not.
Ensure django locale is different from django locale.
Get usage specific information from raw string.
Returns a list of all sharing strategies.
Tag to get available languages.
Run a hook on a shell command.
Save the current state of an event.
Unpack a zipfile into a directory.
Execute a function on a list of objects using a parallel stream.
Stop a running command.
Create a new user.
Normalize a formset to a list of attributes.
Return a human readable version of start and end.
Return a string representation of the current user.
Compute the signature of a message.
Create a file from an osquery table
Resize a bitmap
Get python code from a list of paths.
Return a connection object for the configured provider.
Make a gax logging api.
Attach task statuses to a queryset.
Get a list of harris points from a harrisim.
Decrypt data using a cbc cipher.
Run the initdb command.
Upgrade a bill.
Get the windowposition of a folder.
Update an image member.
Remove a slave from a service.
p init declarator list 2
Test for equality of dicts
Get the monitoring information for a VM.
Run a command in the specified directory.
Iterate over all platform files in a directory.
Distance matrix clustering.
Make base dir if it doesn t exist.
Return a local random number.
Return a list of channels with the inverse operator.
Delete a group.
Dereference a type from a string or string.
Generate a rainbow representation of a string.
Convert a Python code object to a Python code object.
Checks if a number is international dialled.
Duplicate a polynomial.
Delete a cascade from the database.
Check if the string is a horse image.
Start a named service.
Get a list of points from a path.
Test that a caplog record is not found.
Remove characters from a string.
Choose a n - CV value.
Read the contents of a file.
Main entry point for the migration script.
Get the location of the dropbox home folder.
test loading of default task
Convert a value to a template.
Chebyshev distance between two vectors.
Check if a given name is enabled or not.
Format posix format to ldml format.
Test for opcode gascost.
Select a random node.
Get datetime format from locale.
Extract valid arguments from a function s args.
Show the template if cached.
Serializes an event for a user.
Store rendered templates.
Return a builder for a test environment.
Convert a hex string to a binary file.
Invert the monoms of a Polymer.
Test the contravariance of the model.
Add a amount of data to a bar.
Get all files in a directory.
Parse an asynchronous response and return an asynchronous operation.
Wrap an ssl. ssl socket only once.
Add a handler to the help message.
Return a list of all roles in the whitelist.
Get indices of the indices of the contrasts in effect idx.
Return platform information as a dictionary.
Return a list of resource paths.
Get example filenames from example dir.
Flatten a list into a single list.
Count the number of cells in inline admin form.
Get the parent theme for the given theme name.
Validate image values.
Get a runner for the given classpath main and jvm options.
Finds a dumb path for challbs based on preferences
Perform a omni norm test on a set of resids.
Return True if sys. stdout supports color.
Setup the platform for the sensor.
Get repository metadata by changeset revision.
Create a new thread with the given connection.
Parse a string into a Python object.
Return a suite of tests.
Log the request headers.
L21 norm of a.
Install a python package.
Move source to destination.
Run pa11ycrawler.
Create a quantum pool.
Unquote a string.
Exit with parsing error.
Create a labeled form entry.
Convert a string to unicode if possible.
Manage imported files.
Apply functions to a list of tokens.
Create a graph from an action context.
Unfollow a thread.
Multiply a number by a two - dimensional number.
Recursively copies the contours of the given component to the parent.
Get securitygroupid from securitygroupname list
List configuration options.
Create a graph from a truncated tetrahedron.
List all nodes.
Counts the number of occurrences of x and v.
Pull a Bokeh link.
Run alembic migrations online.
Unmounts a target.
Return the rejection line for a given number of points.
Test masking layer.
Convert geometry output to xml element.
Publish an exploration activity.
Setup the platform.
Get the email date.
Convert password to meta - data.
Set the console mode for the given fd.
Generate a MAC for the given poisoner.
Detect if code is in code.
List not allowed state.
Find module 2.
A decorator that closes the reaper and then closes the reaper.
Prompt the user for input.
Generate a random range.
Convert xl cell to row col row abs bool and col abs.
Strip a capfile from the output file.
Get engine status.
Remove a playlist.
Create index if it doesn t exist.
Migrate non shared disks from shared disks to shared disks.
Parse an expression and return the result.
Return a timesince datetime. datetime object.
Return a sessionmaker for the given engine.
Returns true if the root is excluded from any of the given excludes.
Get public certificates.
Download a corpus from nltk.
Get plugin media path.
Convert a DC record to a dictionary.
Set request namespace.
Construct the name of a snapcopy volume.
Runs a command and returns the result.
Extracts connectionpool and sni from a urllib3 object.
Set obey over18 flag.
Create a new figure manager.
Convert a list of lists into a list of lists.
Create a directory if it does not exist
Store an ACL for a bucket.
Return the htons of an integer.
Calculate the footprint of a given SObject.
Call a multi - call on a topic.
Replace arg with tvars with args.
Trigger a build.
Generate a nonce key.
Build install command line options.
Check if user can manage ACL for a project.
get to timestamp base
Marks a colour as being spoken.
pytest. mark. parametrize decorator.
Get the top rated exploration summaries.
Create a connection to a destination pair.
Build a logger for logging.
Get the host of a replication group.
Apply a decorator to a function.
Build a server url.
Return the rastrigin scaled version of an individual.
Generate a URL for the given argument.
Get the frequency code for a given freqstr.
Search for images and videos.
Convert an object to a SQL string.
Matrix multiplication.
Returns a pickleable exception or unpickleable exception.
Test whether the clipboard supports selection.
Dot product of two vectors.
Cinder localization strings.
Get the poster for a video.
Get global dict and local dict stack.
Asserts that two URIs are equal.
Check if there are extra requirements for a given package.
Get a backend for the given filename.
Convert a unicode string to unicode if the number is different from sys. version.
Returns a list of firewall sources for a zone.
Compare document revisions.
Return True if m is disjoint with n.
Create a generator for the given kind.
Patched list of steps for a cluster.
Parse the request data and add or remove a certificate exception.
Setup the transmission platform.
Initialize the socket.
Convert an index to a linear polation.
Get resource limits.
Create a table from a sound file.
Check that the value is an array or np. ndarray.
Setup the Windows platform.
Apply the SAMA to a dataset.
expr binary operator
Try to auto login.
Monkey patch tarfile. copyfileobj with monkeypatched copyfileobj.
Generate html and write to file.
If ssl is not a local ssl context create a unverified context.
Route route for adding a product to a store.
Check if mayavi version is valid.
List the urls of all installed apps.
Main function for the projection function.
Cache the default timezone.
Convert a datetime to a string.
If the token is not equal to the current value of the parser.
Returns a list of grid points that are not intersecting with the given grid point.
Set system info.
Return a dictionary of references to a field in a table.
Get logging handler.
Get all sql tables.
Load a sprite image from a caffe file.
shelter type.
Get the padding type of the input shape.
Return a list of all available config dirs.
get init 4.
Return the complement of the input string s.
Get the number of seconds after expiration.
Fail if the environment variable is not set.
Disconnects a user from Facebook.
Trigger the scheduler for each site.
Unpack a directory.
Generate a verification key.
Set the current operating system.
Keep a message from an account.
Find the largest number of elements in a list.
Convert x to string using encoder.
Initialize a metric.
Get the angle of a rotation.
Wait for a package to be ready.
Sample a 2D sample from a function.
Compare two brackets for equality.
Run Spyder test.
Revoke admin privileges for a user.
Get a request object from a CSR.
Apply a prefix to each line of a string.
Create a network.
Remove expo from intpart and fraction.
Get the version of a package.
Evaluate a cond and return the result.
Return True if readline. readline is available.
Get a mock of hdfs root
Return the first day of the week that is the first day of the week.
Resolve a version from the latest version.
Open a log file.
Return the month of the year t.
Register a hook.
Detect screen size.
Write HTML table to outpath.
Find the maximum daily commits for a given contributions calendar.
Resolve a function from a spec.
Test that the labeller function is correct.
Set the virt path.
Fetch a string from grains.
Add an OAuth access token to a file.
Get current babel locale.
Get marker parameter from params.
Convert shape to geo interface.
Tac the timer.
Logarithm of the mean of a.
Set version of le script in venv dir.
Calculate the minimum distance between a surface and a surface.
Returns a penalty string from a distance dictionary.
Canonicalizes a string and returns a list of scalar constant values.
Build ad group operations.
Should we send own updates?
Initialize the viewer.
Binscope a sample using the binscope.
Run ninja.
Get a field for a review request.
Parse a date value.
Return a list of json plays for the given data.
List all policies for a role.
Send an inventory to the server.
Runs the test case.
Convert title to url.
Add an email to the activity log
Create a kickstart and preseed file.
Resolve a path to a string.
Say the doc for the given input.
Join the input channel with the input channel.
Build filter1 filter from txt files.
Return True if the verbosity of the given index is greater than or equal to the number of verbosity
Count the number of words in a list of documents.
Includes the breadcrumbs for the given page.
Return the UID of the current process.
Get a list of affected packages.
Test password strength.
Run a network.
Create a list of transport serializers for transport.
Authenticate the endpoint with the given token and tenant name.
Get the path to a translation project.
Write a line of demultiplexed sequences to a fasta file.
Helper function to generate a random choice.
Joins a number of digits into a long string.
Squared square of y.
Redirect to the specified url with args and kwargs.
Temporarily mock an event notification.
Print result to stdout.
Connect to EC2 cloudwatch.
Find a reference from a vbd reference
Encode a block of data.
Get synonyms for fontext.
Return the LWSA of a pore or throat.
Check if the user has isoinfo.
Load user configuration.
Return True if value is scalar or nan.
Return the base path for the data dir.
Whether or not the virtual machine is installed.
A test that raises a test exception with the given settings.
Protect a filename.
Create a directory if it doesn t exist.
Echo all methods and functions of a class.
Get a connection to the database.
Fast exponentiation function.
Write data to stdout.
Get the zonecode for the current environment.
Show a network.
Wrap a SQL statement in a single string.
Test that sky2 pix coordinates and sky2 pix coordinates match the given code.
Return the MAC address for the given mac.
List versions of a bucket.
update all uuids to ids
Check if a command is executable.
Describe a function.
Parse a Python code into a tree.
Return relative path to filename.
Calculate the sum of the values in a list.
List configured members.
Return a list of table descriptions.
Sort a model from a list of strings.
Exports the given request string to HTML.
Remove a file or directory.
Add threading args to parser.
Check if a node exists.
Returns a list of solver names that are installed.
Return the student admin section.
Downscale a set of images by k.
Ctrl - C handler.
Given a service and a resource determine the service object.
Return a list of all path dirs.
Return a pickled exception or unpickleable exception.
Get the version of a file.
Get number of bezier points between begin and end.
Test that no data with no values exists.
Return the local url for the given port.
List all nodes in the cloud.
rheader renders a s3 rheader
Ping external urls.
Register a finder to be executed when a module is imported.
Load pillars.
Remap a vbd device to a new prefix
Add a bootstrap class to the field widget.
Substitute placeholders in text with placeholders in kwargs.
Delete all load balancers in a region.
Create databases and drop all tables.
Check if a line is not a nova line.
Add an addon to an addon.
Print an exception.
Update a counter by name.
Call multiple consumer functions on a topic.
Start tomcat.
Instantiate a shoot errback.
Assigns crowding distances to individuals.
Return a string representation of the given instance and ordered dictionary.
Check if url is from spider.
Parse args and kwargs from a template.
Decorates a wrapped function with assignments and updated attributes.
Set the current namespace.
Takes a slice of a string and returns a slice of it.
Run a proxy command.
Aggregates obj a and obj b into obj a.
Get a line for a navigation line.
Get a word from a word form.
Extract mua information from message.
Iterate over style files in a style dir.
Create an ARP packet for an IP address.
Generates a comparison plot of the event collections.
Handle extra payloads.
Validate locale.
Duplicate polynomial division.
Delete a file or directory.
Escape string using shell escape.
Return the virtual name of the minion.
Returns True if the corpus contains a feature with the given title.
Track memory usage for a metric and course.
Load a certificate request.
Show the details of an instance.
Extract identity response information.
Assert that the Markov chain raises value error.
Print summary of runner results.
Convert components into a URL.
Performs test authentication.
Count the number of non printable characters in a string.
Run a command and exit.
Sends a random string to the websocket.
Create a context from a request.
Returns a list of values for the given cluster.
Build a dictionary of postprocessors for the given MD instance.
Get cli body from response.
Returns the odds of a number.
When a string is deleted delete the named query.
Convert a post to a verb.
Dispatch the request to the appropriate handler.
Get branch option.
Return a string with the given color.
Get shortcut value.
Convert a template string to a script path.
Convert a post to a verb.
True if salt is virtual otherwise False.
Sign data with pkey using digest.
Parse the options string and return a dictionary of options.
Create a request string from the given data.
Plot two scales.
Test that the compiler can compile and can compile.
Get the net size of a binary mask.
find number 7
List all the datacenters in this VMware environment
Get a new Skeinforge repository.
Walks the hierarchy of the given class.
Reset the video mode.
Add file parameter to registry.
Return the length of a word with tabwidth characters.
Return a list of all states that are not alived.
Get the size of the device.
Set the configuration of an API.
Disable site and reload service
Decorator to mark a function as unsafe.
Return a debug node.
Setup a homematic device.
Return a dict with only keys that are not strings in original.
Pre init hook for pre init hook.
Check if input string is a float.
Resolve a URL to an absolute URL.
Generate a postgres passwd for the given username.
Pad a sequence to n lengths.
Binom test for a given interval.
Resolve a subworkflow from a given app path.
Collect attributes from a list of containers.
Fix osmesa gl lib.
Entry point for the command line interface.
Check if dependencies of model are allowed.
Check if emails is valid.
Copy volume glance metadata to a volume.
Parse union page.
Create a new paste.
Start the console.
Get course cohorts.
Get proxy connection details.
Context manager for flocking a lockfile.
specialize local elemwise sub - zeros
Bootstrap 2 - dimensional bootstrap function.
Remove a file or directory.
Build a date from a string.
Test that the service provider base manager has the same language.
Load packages from pkgdb.
Encodes zlib compressed data using zlib.
Assert that a commit is serialization.
Execute a function and return the result as a dictionary
Checks if the given datetime is ambiguous.
Format the mappings in the result dictionary.
Patch all servers.
Enable a VPN service.
Dedent a function by dedenting it.
Returns true if the given audience restriction matches the given myself.
Search disks by lun.
Extract IPv4 address from roster order.
mean lon of perigee for perigee jd
Resize a LV file.
Get the name of a link.
Return the galois product of a and b.
Null javascript catalog.
Check session cookie and set cors headers.
Make the output directory if it doesn t exist.
Generate a fixture.
Check if user password is empty.
Check if the user has a symptom usability of the fernet key repository.
Download a file from a URL.
Count the number of tokens in the supplied list of tokens.
Solve a trigsimp problem.
Test the locale of html.
List interfaces on the server.
Download log files.
Get email from github.
Enable updates for a given distribution.
Return True if the given name is available.
Check if a user is a valid rvm
Split a polynomial f into fac po and g
Untag vs.
Format a number into a string.
stash conf values into a dict
Permute a permutation of an array.
Test that the column starts with str.
Get a list of RDS regions.
Draw a bounding box for the artist.
Get crafted text from gcode text.
Remove all modules from the database.
Check if a file is newer than another.
Check root user
Remove the known host from the system.
Returns True if the given string is a valid IPv4 address.
Get the name of a column.
Check header validity.
Renders the given request and renders the given template.
Convert a color triple to a tuple.
Yields all primary keys and values for each node in the file map.
Returns a list of payloads that can be runnable.
Return items limited by marker.
True if the fake is smpl.
Encode a line of raw bytes.
Get the Rrd of a vm.
rsync project to local directory
Return True if point is after point.
Get window analyze given text.
Return a new derivation for the given element node.
Return a list of not joined subsets.
Add a builddir to sys. path
Get all SM volume.
Build a service manager.
Quit the bot.
Get a pack by ref.
List all files in a directory.
Unescapes the given data with the given entities.
Return a dictionary of counters.
Check if current request has associated site theme.
Check dependencies for missing dependencies
Paginate a queryset.
Run a tubes process and wait for it to finish.
Convert result to country region and city.
Send password reset notice.
Complete a list of filenames from a text string.
Check if font family is valid.
Choose a random choice from a text.
Set a persistent module.
Return a list of stems in the current directory.
Validate email address.
Check if the given path is a directory or a directory.
Insert a column into a ccf.
Check if a list of ints is a list of ints.
Check if record1 and record2 are paired together.
Get a check class from a check module.
Get the alias for the given class or alias.
Check if the user is interactive.
Teardown all databases in a config.
Get terminal size.
Create a new RSA signature.
Generate a generalized integer.
Sends an email to the admin.
Print a pretty expression to the console.
Get current language bidi node.
Get the crop geometry of a video.
Check if fmdump is installed.
Get a proto from the configured provider.
Generate a key for a tile.
Random logarithm of a uniform distribution.
Get secret from a file.
Get a feedback message from a message model.
Get the lumination change value for label.
Pretty print obj.
Make a privilege list query.
Rename a file or directory.
Get a logger by name.
Disconnect all live receivers.
Validate that a string is a float.
Search for a file in a directory.
Save an image to disk.
Start the scheduler.
Extract messages from a file.
Check if a header exists in a list of headers.
Delete a resource from the cluster.
Get all volumes attached to a project.
Convert xl rowcol to cell name.
Load data from fixtures.
Parse the encoding of a file.
Add a name to a level.
List paths from list modifications of trailer1 and trailer2
Decode fs path to unicode.
Attach private projects to a user.
Show the result of the request.
Prepare a realm pattern from a source string.
Promo img uploader test.
A tween function that accelerates reaches the midpoint and then decelerates.
Add vals to arr at ind.
Check a list of paths for errors.
Checks if the given name is legal resource base name.
Add a task to the user.
Guess the filter table from mats to mats.
Takes an element tree and a content handler and transforms it into a DOM tree.
Get machine attribute from vbox.
Quote url with safe.
Return a list of drivers.
Selects the largest saturation for each node in a graph.
True if the current working function is true.
Create a filter from a list of parts.
Prints a 4 - tuple of numbers.
Main entry point for the database command.
Convert a rating property to an integer.
Finalize the process and wait for it to finish
Convert an integer to a hex string.
Process an XML element.
Show the state of a dag.
Return the address of the given iface.
Execute a shell command and return the result as JSON.
Post - build static.
Return a condition that will be executed if the lock is not None.
Include mako context in django template.
Unlock a file.
Get the contact type for the given user.
Remove a device from the system.
Restart all servers.
Get a zookeeper based on a list of ips.
Return the location as published.
Register a specializer for the given lopt.
Template filter for external urls.
Test brainvision data software filters latin1.
Make morphological maps.
Read a n - dimensional double array from a file.
Check if home is safe.
Delete an image.
Write the chain text to a file.
Initialize the tracker module.
Test quadratic rendering of chart.
mult and reduce the input fft v by filters fft v.
Create a new user with the specified primary group.
Exponential flux function.
Tamper a payload.
Plot multiple images together.
Generate a new repository.
Determine if the field needs hierarchically.
Reorder a list of entries into a new order.
Find eggs in an importer archive.
Fit iht to sample sample using knn.
Return the shared value of the given array.
Returns True if the given value is contained in the options dictionary.
View entries.
Register a tag that returns comments for a file attachment.
Return the real sign of sig.
Return a math default string.
Return a dictionary of cluster depths.
Decorator to create a pyramid WSGI application.
Crypt data using key.
Return an ospf layer from p.
Start the specified number of engines.
Register a verb.
Suspend the machine to disk.
Read credentials from a JSON file.
Convert a socket. af to an inet string.
Deploy a file to the running jboss instance.
Test the global config.
Convert hex string to hex string.
Load css templates from database.
Get initializable comment fields.
Migrate a resource table to another table.
Get the revision number of the current working directory.
Return a list of all dirs in the specified environment.
Autoflush all logs.
Get deployment id.
Update the last sync revision.
Split ary into indices and sections.
Reverse lex 128 - bit string.
Delete a file if it exists.
Parse an HTML file and return a plaintext string.
Loads the data and returns a pandas object.
Return the home directory of the project.
Run a bare WSGI application.
Display an action.
Generator for group significance row.
Backup the cpplint state.
Return a dashed version of the given word name.
Entry point for the git command line tool.
Parse a string and return a struct.
Add a field to the user.
Get a tetragrid matrix.
Monkey patch pyclbr modules.
Setup the notifier.
Run a check on the configuration file.
Remove all installed samples from the configuration.
Raise a comma if the given logical line is malformed.
Get crafted text from archive.
Get the type of a vmodl type.
Check if a lock exists.
Fetch a stream from a URL.
Render error page.
Get all xblocks accessible to the user for the given course and user.
Run a test in a slow mode.
Convert a sequence to an OBL segment.
Create an option group from a dictionary.
Tag for assigning a user to a page.
Calculate the minimum hash of a cachedir.
Expand dims along axis.
Delete calendar from the database.
Get information about a product.
Format a warning message.
Acquire a lock on a directory.
Determine the module to use.
Get a doc from a vocab.
core function to generate a popular snippet
Solve a tridiagonal system using a tridiagonal system.
Return a list of serial ports.
Run post build on site.
Create a client for the given address.
Destroy a reservation.
Initialize a stylesheet.
Read a file and return a dictionary of reject parameters.
Unquote a string.
Yield patterns and matches from s until n is reached.
Get the mtime of a file.
Read size bytes from file and return them as a string.
Convert a list of numbers into a list of lists.
Gradient of the gradient of a function f v.
Get demographic data.
Upload the distribution to the remote host.
Default error handler.
Returns True if the given name is enabled.
Read a string from a file and return it as a string.
Remove volumes from a list of paths.
Validate the given value against the given schema.
Require a module to be installed.
Add a task to a queue.
Load a trust root from a directory.
Get a layer by name.
Decodes no data from the given stream.
Returns the solution of the S3 app.
Yield objects from a stream or string.
Process an element node.
Determine the class of the device.
Wrapper for the theano. function function function.
Run a behave task.
Patch model. search fields with new search fields.
Simplify a parser.
Load configuration from a JSON file.
Get a scanner for a specific domain.
Create a file if needed.
Return a dictionary containing the index of the document.
Main entry point for the protruding glyphs program.
Write the adminfile to a temporary file.
Format final exc line.
Initialize enforcer and saved file rules.
Stochastic model anal.
Return the lsb attribute of the lsb attribute.
Get summary dicts of recently published exploration summaries.
Get a new flow repository.
Create a new index from a new index spec.
Return a list of slots for a given period.
Load a model from the database.
Check if a cron environment exists.
Play a media list player.
Set the version of a template.
Returns True if the given name is not present in the list.
Return the triangular matrix of the given words.
Return the width of a column of text.
Check if the given path looks like a tool xml file.
Import modules recursively.
Test whether time is correct.
Find extraneous whitespace in a logical line.
Delete a timing record from the memcache.
Delete all pages from a pdf.
Resize an image.
Get a path from a hatchpattern.
Filter blockers for a given user.
Update symlinks for the given config.
Test whether the time series contains a string.
Return available oficial plugins.
Return the next url from the request.
Get the metadata for a given blob key.
Get list of change advanced settings ids.
Return True if there is no minc.
Split a string into a flag.
Vote by user.
Convert a value to text.
Reload xdg dir 1.
Logarithm of the logarithm of a and b.
Require the context to be admin or user.
Import or skip a gi2 repository.
Create a new API.
Logout from the backend.
Underline a list of regions.
Tidy input string.
Recursively copies a source directory to a destination directory.
Return the virtual name if it exists otherwise return virtualname.
Prints a report of the current user.
pip install editable from bazaar
Remove manifestation from node state.
Recursively walk all the subscopes in the given scope.
Parse an environmentiroment string into a dictionary.
Patch the response headers.
Register register with arg checks.
Least common divisor for two numbers.
Convert a scalar value to a scalar value.
Check if a loop is a point of table in a loop.
Get pillar data for a given minion.
Return the incoming state of the database.
Set the database for the version editor.
Add a server to a namespace.
Escapes a string using urllib. quote.
Lock a document.
Post a database to a keychain.
Test whether the current directory is in the current directory.
Converts a list of images to an example sequence.
Test if a regression function returns a tuple.
Restrict forward to stc.
Upload a file to the test case.
Return the normals of the edge v and e.
Returns the Gauss - spline given x and n.
Generate triples from a sparse matrix.
Find skips in a directory.
Check if a node is decorated with a property.
Return True if x is a 2d array of null rows.
Iterate over all distros for a given url.
Create a voucher.
Get a cluster from a managed object.
Find a guest by name.
Set the location of a file.
Get all instances of the specified type.
Clear all sessions for a given max date.
Move src path to dest path.
Get the triangular rotation matrix for a set of words.
Convert a text opcode to an integer.
Disconnect signals from an entry.
Wait for a spot instance request fulfillment.
Return the hash of a file.
Print usage information.
Download emoji.
Get a scanner for the specified domain.
Show all the forms in the browser.
Calls attr with accessing object and accessed object.
Save an attachment to filepath.
Return a unicode string with unsafe characters.
Check if user can download changes.
Indent a block of text by spaces.
Get a list of pyqt objects from an object.
Extract capabilities from text.
Check if an IP has a pair of alias.
Check if an IP address is a public IP.
Read a plist file.
Log page hit.
Entry point for network module.
Setup the vera platform.
Get document and fallback reason.
Run the given proc and test that the given stream has finished.
Uninstall a module.
Returns a shortest path from source to target.
Upgrade the project database to the latest version.
Exponential Derivative of the Euclidean distance.
List topics for a given topic.
Import an object from a namespace.
Fix sys. path with extra paths.
Add flags and new flags.
Create a node
Create a cache security group.
Split a test name into its parts.
Returns the full current URL for the current environment.
Plot boot traces.
Return the win time in seconds.
Make a POST request.
Squared sort of a list.
Wait for num tasks to finish.
Rehash a file and return the digest and length.
Run pip and assert that the output is in verbose mode.
Format extras as a message.
Release a media player.
Combine details into a single dictionary.
Convert an object to a column.
Flush a table to a table.
Get the size of the terminal window.
Return epoch time offset from win32 filetime.
Render a datetime as a string.
Detach accept ms from the packet.
Create an image from a QImage object.
Split text into shell tokens.
Return a list of scripts that are not system specific scripts.
Returns True if the given name is visible.
Return a listing of documents for the given product slug and topic slug.
Get proxy info from environment variables.
set file utime to desired time
Get the path to the xtool executable.
Check if a dataset exists.
Executes the test docstring with the given arguments.
Decode a string to unicode.
Check if the condition matches the check object.
Return a hospital object for the specified facility type.
Depth - first postorder traversal of a node.
Reset the password for a user.
Generate an Odnoklassniki oauth signature.
Pre - compute function.
Test for lexicographical lex strings.
Process tools argument.
Return a list of ip addresses for a given host.
Get weather data for a location.
Extract metadata from filename by regex.
Discretize integrate 2d.
Parse flags from a source string.
Get artist by id.
Check to see if the server is responding.
Get a link line from a wiki line.
Subtract a term from a term.
Consume messages from kafka.
Test bernoulli vector reparametrization.
Contextmanager that logs pending warnings to the logger.
Acquire a connection before request.
Test ctor keyword args.
Return a list of all the names in the specified root.
Wait for an object to be build.
Safely format an IP address.
Return True if x is hashable False otherwise.
Parse a grid of sudoku assignments into a dictionary.
Run osx on all sources.
Wait for a network address to be available.
Create a new identity context.
Refine the expr with the given assumptions.
Associate a profile to an instance profile.
Connect to AWS EC2.
Process element node.
Filter out words that have insignificant tags.
Generate a JWT from a service account file.
Get size and properties of a vmdk image.
Get a field from a model with a path.
Prompt the user for a password.
Return the varint for the given integer.
Register a hook for an email signal.
Test set source model.
Load credentials from a creds file.
Add a new volume to a project.
Copy columns of a into the idd matrix.
Compute the norm of an array.
Install hook to sys. meta path
Duplicate the quo quo of f with c.
Copy a file from one location to another.
View function to edit a perspective.
Create a tempita object from a string.
Test for pypi xml transformation.
Daemonize the process.
Format the output of a firewall command.
Chimulant from moments.
Returns two - way split indices.
Normalize a path.
Return the monomial div of a and b.
Get a zip archive of the selected submissions.
Destroy an image.
Extract images from a file.
Yield x y for swap assignment.
Update the requirements of the current project.
Cycle a value.
Entry point for getdicts.
Delete a sink.
Get parent child from name.
Read a record from a file.
Verify that the candidate implements the iface.
Return the version number of the minion.
shadow get by name
Log compute error.
Get a policy by name.
Check if a string ends in a newline.
Construct author2doc from a dictionary of author ids and a list of doc ids.
Return the viewing matrix for the given projection and model.
End rec data from 64 - bit zipfile.
Nudge a dataset.
arc arc x y radius radius start angle end angle
call unrar command
Basic authentication.
Get the number of skiprows from a slice or list.
Check if all number groups are exactly present.
Get the absolute path of the plugins directory.
Return a list of regions sorted by name.
Get subset of super set from bitstring.
Create a urlencoded query string from the given body.
Create a record in the database.
Validate max staleness.
Get the status output of a command.
Create a string table from a workbook.
Import a zone from a path.
Test tag for equality.
Return a list of keys for the given key.
Generate a fontconfig pattern from a fontconfig object.
Returns a list of all functional areas.
Add hits to qresult.
Create a filter formstyle.
Return a set of line numbers for multiline strings.
Statistical measure of a series of samples.
Test the pmf of thet function.
Convert a raw keyword argument to a dictionary.
Add fields to a document.
Return a standardized version of a name.
Convert a TimeSeries to a sparse series.
Return the contents of the buffer as a string.
Render inline content.
Read the cinder conf file.
Iterates over all elements of a getter and action functions.
Test platform configuration.
Returns a list of fold brackets for the plugin.
Turn off the current state.
Parse command line arguments and return a tuple of url filename cookie batch size kind encoding and batch size
Convert string to camelcase.
Define a function that will call the given function with the given args and kwargs.
Validate a DMP file.
Swap bitstring s with bitstring s.
Initialize the signal manager.
Return a list of package relationships.
Get the fixed IP address for the specified host.
Set a stream logger.
Return a backend for the given entry.
Filter the register with a timezone.
Parse a pattern and return a branch object.
Dispatch hook data to registered hooks.
solarize an image
Test the length of dipoles.
Convert an XML tree to a dictionary.
Return xl range formula.
Read all tasks from the database.
Test layout lout.
Write theme to xml file.
Set the configuration value for the specified key.
Change the UID of a container.
Yields all whitespace around the operator in the logical line.
Print name details.
Enable or disable a source.
Return the mean of the elements in a list.
Update websettings settings.
Send email for after purchase.
Serialize an object to a JSON string.
Get user info.
Send email after import.
Setup yahoo finance platform.
Return an ansi color map for a given style.
Format a slice.
Expand an IPv6 address into an IPv6 address.
Return a list of stats for the year of the given row.
Decorator that sets the current app to the current app.
Callback for language parsing.
Create a thriftpy context.
View function for landing a Twitter user.
Get the topdir of a topfile.
Put a list of cors to a bucket.
Returns the money string for the given number.
Log error and raise runtime error.
Send translations to frappe
Delete an API.
Returns the UTC millesecs from the given epoch.
Return a debug representation of an object.
Get the content of the given URL.
Run pylint.
Reduces the list p by adding the num - th element to the list p.
Get credential by credential id.
Return True if b1 encompasses b2.
Check if a reboot is pending.
Unescapes the given text and returns it.
Register a function as atexit.
Return a list of local casts for the given node.
Generate a new id.
Fingerprint the given xml parent.
Replacement for requests. head.
Walk a directory yielding all files in the directory.
Returns the default language code for the given object.
Increase quota size by 1.
Unset a quota volume.
Get repository dependencies for a given metadata id.
Try to get the host from the request.
Create a new figure manager given a figure.
Get collection info.
Parse a log file and return a list of nodes.
Check if a file is of the specified type without words.
Evaluate old assump.
Start debugger.
Find platform and atomic group name for a host.
Get properties of a managed object.
Search for clients.
Get a window analyze file given text.
Return the response of the campaign.
Returns True if text contains a substring of key.
Get the course history for the current user.
Given a name and a suffix return a suffix for the name.
Redirect to the next url.
Parse a version string.
Returns the number of triangles in the creation sequence.
Displays a debug error message.
Escape characters in a string.
Check if a model matches the given filters.
Format a number of seconds as a human readable string.
Return a dictionary of data sources.
Fast FFT function.
Optimize an angle.
Fire the header of a record.
Create a model dict for the given resource type and properties.
Generate a random api key.
Least - squares sum of lx.
Canonicalize a file.
Generate a random binary dbm.
Get shell embed function.
Return the end of a substring of s at pos.
Convert name value to a dictionary.
Error handler for application errors.
Configure a salt config.
Locate app in test apps.
Returns a list of all available permissions.
Route the origin request.
Check the lengths of the bcs in the header field.
Write a device queue to the device queue.
Set the value of the named key to the given value
Reset builtins dir to default dir
Prints a string to stdout and prints it to stdout.
Wrap a traceback into a modified info tuple.
Calculate checksum of given value.
Convert a jelly object to a source string.
Get course creator status.
Register inclusion tag for recently viewed products.
Print information about a virtual machine.
Encode a payload using lz4f compression.
Prompts the user for a raw input.
Demonstrate dependency grammar.
Delete a volume type.
Guess the number of streams in a given size.
Firebase GET request.
Delete an index.
get front over width add x y
Decrypt a ciphertext using urlsafe algorithm.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not a degree is irreducible.
Recursively copy a source tree to a destination tree.
Test drop epochs.
Escape a URL value.
Given an event source name and an event source function name and an event source arn and a
Benchmark the benchmark functions.
Encode multipart formdata.
Check if current user is current user admin.
Show the details of a load balancer.
Retrieve the category of the vehicle.
Spell a text.
Check if entrance exams are enabled.
Validate station string.
Get the minimum vector3 from a vector3 path.
Decode a base64 - encoded value to a Python object.
Publish a file to a destination.
Configure the blade config.
Determine if the engine is running.
Install a pecl.
Test shell environment.
Get element node from evaluated link value.
Register inclusion tag for content type selection.
Close a database.
Remove whitespace from statement.
Get information about a device.
Find the path to the git repository.
Parse a Dsymutil module from a string.
Get expected bar value for an asset.
Create a header from a sequence of unicode strings.
Get routing table for a given ip version.
Add a vhost to the virtualenv.
Return a refactorer for the given fixers.
Return a list of format modules for the specified language.
Parse the output of solc into a python object.
Return the absolute path of the mrjob. file.
Wait for a message to be received.
Return a list of upstart services.
Get all github releases for a project.
Return the kerecker product of nt and num.
Run upgrades in the store.
Run a test on a prowl
Continously trades the given events.
A wrapper for G77 abi.
Substitutes the given arguments with the specified formatters.
Check if an item is a sequence.
Place queens on the board.
Remove a weakref from a connection.
Get the local address of the link.
Securely compare string1 and string2 with string1.
Resolve a name from a package.
Clear cache.
Check if the given element has any of the given rels.
Destroy the database.
Asserts that the given function raises exactly the given class.
Update metadata for a snapshot.
Get the winning model for a given job id
Set the rule for a layer.
Generate a gcode for a path.
Return the media url for the given path.
Kill a process tree.
Create a new note and register it with growl.
Get all the subordinate groups for a user and site.
Parse a list of linters into a list of tuples.
Get bind address.
Return the brightness state of the brightness.
Return the cumulative sum of x.
Generate a random graph.
Set the default Flask application.
Return the first element of a sequence.
Remove quotes from t.
Return the type of an address.
I18N clean a string.
Replace globals with new functions.
Process an svg element.
Set the mode of the course enrollment to the old mode.
Get the name and version of a file.
Get a list of functions for the given names arrays dtype and alias.
Returns a strip of the differences between the degree f and k.
Test if the value is evenly divisible by num.
Return the color corresponding to the given color match.
Render a template using the renderer.
Project the day of the week to the current date.
Check if an IP address is in a subnet.
cartesian product of list1 and list2
Run the reindexing of the addons.
Get the xfs inventory
List entrance exam instructor tasks.
Convert a mage hsv tuple to an rgb tuple.
test ccall method
Determine the runner for the given bbdir.
Kurtosis of an iterable.
Fit a single class with a random state.
Return a string representation of a bytestring.
Get ranges from headervalue and content length.
Return True if orig is a subset of new prefixes.
Test estimator of condensed nearest neighbour.
Random high order autoencoder.
Format a position in a string.
Parse a execute message and return a tuple of user device op class method and request.
Read images from a directory.
Register the driver.
Return pillar data from pillar data.
Match string using pattern. pattern.
Resolve a relative url.
Render a WMC map.
Cluster a set of vectors using the specified method.
Creates a textfile with the contents of the specified file.
Return a copy of n with rows shifted backward.
Get the selinux enforce path.
Classify an image.
Move all accounts from one source to another.
Create a hug static string.
Update image with flash params.
Get a resource from a path relative to project root.
Convert a path to a standard output file.
Safely rename src to dst.
Returns True if the given header is a hop by hop.
Decode an error from the command line arguments.
Render a template.
Import an image
Create a cuda shared variable.
Test desaturation of num.
Create a session for the given reply channel.
Instantiate a proxy tuple.
Build the documentation for the given branch.
Synthesize a nonce.
Create a connect viewer.
Putaways an object away from an object.
Remove a service.
Create an inventory object.
Get a list of networks associated with a project.
Convert x to a sparse variable.
Compute the graph stats for the given episode lengths rewards and timestamps.
Finds the center of the ellipse in the given g.
Convert a string array to a string array.
Check if the given language is trusted.
Return the common dtype of columns.
Run migrations online.
Log all hooks that have been registered in the request.
Activate the translation for the given language.
Forgot password post.
Get the assignment type for a user group.
Main entry point for the wsgi server.
Plot a cdf.
Test rename of channels.
Expand a list of args into a list of strings.
Get the overhang support angle of an xml element.
Check if a net address works with prefixlen.
Get the name of a git repository.
Convert a value to a JSON string.
Parse an ACL v2 JSON string.
Augments the given string with ellipses.
Returns a list of all regions.
Set the default values for the database connection.
Skip test if it contains a backslash.
Remove a field from an expression.
Draw a jet image.
Unpickle a string.
Execute a function and return the result as a dictionary.
Recursively fix unicode values in a dict.
Register local optimizer.
Normalizes the server settings.
Convert revoked revs to a list of dicts.
Given a leaf and a expr return the first node that matches expr.
Returns basic values for the logged in user
Display a list of messages.
Search for analyses in elastic index.
Convert a JSON string to a JSON string.
Register hook for gitlab.
Check if a sheet is writable.
Calculate the next legen der parameter for the next legen der.
List of sysv services.
Setup virtualenvs.
Return the version of the package.
Create a s3 rheader from a nzseel object.
Return the version of the current operating system.
Report a usage of a property.
Associate a node with a bare metal node.
Process an element node.
Return a compiled regular expression for the given mask.
Render a template string with the given context.
Get the arp node.
Euclidean distance between n and a.
Return True if salt is virtual.
sub xmlhtmlsgml - > sub
Get authentication password.
Handle an event request.
Whether or not the virtual system is installed.
Get filenames and classes for each photo in the dataset dir.
Start uptime commands.
Release a libvlc instance.
Get the value of the attribute with the given name.
Convert a domain to a filename.
Test that si is dimensionless.
Return the absolute path of the given path.
Transform an array to a list.
Writes the given file name suffix and gcode text to the specified file.
Paste a server into gunicorn.
Check run status.
Return a list of discrete attributes for a domain.
Create a compute api class.
Wraps the result to the given dtype.
Validate the format of a Docker image.
Get the file descriptor maximum.
Split train set and test set into train set and test sets.
Serialize a TarInfo object into a tuple.
Create a supplier for the organisation.
Returns a set of the lowest priority strings.
Find a host in inventory.
Write the output to a file.
Set stock basics.
Reset the clock to the current time.
Create a copy of the given object with the given class and keyword arguments.
List all available upgrades
Initialize a pyo server.
Get a document node for the specified file.
Generate a waterbutler URL.
Redirect to the user s login page.
Encrypt a password if it is not already encrypted.
Adjusts the value of a T to its dubconstant representation.
This function adds all the loops to the list of faces.
Return the Java class doc for the specified path.
Return the modulo of a and b.
Build a no log generator.
Update the model instance if dirty is True.
Generate a standard normal sample.
Return the extent of the phrase in the given head of the phrase.
Check if a module is a package.
Build a path to a m3u file.
Cleanup determinant source date epoch.
Get ssh configuration.
Validate circular reference.
Get a random integer.
Create a mapper for the given declarations.
Load a pickled object from a pickled file.
Det the minor of a matrix.
Test for structs.
Quote a URL.
default on success
Start scanning photos.
Sort a dictionary by a comma separated list of strings.
Authenticate a user with LTI consumer.
Returns true if n is the probable prime of k.
Delete a chain from a table.
Parse an ignorable statement.
Escapes abbreviations in text.
Rebuild all generated modules.
Load fixtures from fixtures dict.
Run a finder for the given path.
Encode input using the specified encoding.
Expand brackets into brackets.
Register inclusion tag.
Select bracket icons.
demo verbose rule format
Setup the platform.
Attach epic statuses to a queryset.
Find all feature files within a dir.
Routes a route to retrieve a calendar.
Delete one or more blobs.
Get all networks associated with an instance.
Test get new command
Get the types of the head of a pattern.
Prompt the user for a password.
Load a dataset from the database.
Set the extension of a URL.
Get etcd connection.
Ensure trans has the same frame as trans.
Check compatibility of MongoDB.
Write a static group mapping to a file.
Assert that a caplog record has the expected message.
Make a taxed price for the given item and priceful.
Return True if p canon bp is True otherwise False.
Get prompt tokens.
Create a user list.
Attach extra info to user story.
Return a list of wps for a given manifest extension.
Run a command and return the output of the command.
Get the translation of a tetragrid element.
Generate a hash of the contents of a file.
Register the ovs driver.
Remove a media element from a media list.
Set the action for a form.
Convert sr to an integer or float.
Set the viridis map.
Create a primary key field.
Compares the current state and the current state with the current state.
Delete a policy.
Fit a sample with nearest neighbors.
Customise org resource fields.
Read fragments from a file.
Format size according to base and suffix.
Send mails to the SMTP server.
List samples by user meter.
Convert bytes to unicode.
Create a fireplace route.
Encode a morse message.
Clears the current working directory.
Execute horcmgr and return the result.
Run pip with files not found.
Download subtitles from youtube
Start notification server.
Close an iframe.
Open explorer path.
Get the dependency graph for a list of packages.
Run the test suite.
List all databases.
Rename files similar to skip.
Parse a query string into a dictionary.
Get the set of merged PRs between start and end ref.
Compare partial dicts.
Fetch pack from index.
Filter products for a given user.
Sanitise base32 data.
Check that the replay file exists and is loaded.
Test comparison of two images.
Parse an attribute type from a string.
Parse a roman string into a number.
Create a proxy for a multi constructor.
Register a logging handler.
Set the disk timeout for the specified power scheme.
Returns True if the given command has been executed otherwise False.
Logarithm of the norm of a dirichlet concentration
Get filepath or buffer from filepath or buffer.
Generate a property from a template file.
Revoke a certificate for a project.
Unquote a JSON document.
Computes the Fibonacci basis function.
Add a point to a path if it doesn t already exist.
Convert an etree element to a queue.
Remove an article from a string.
Demonstrate nltk. draw. tree
Get epochs from raw file.
Assert that requester user is admin.
Create a css gradient for the given base color.
Verify a virtualenv.
Indents a string and returns it.
Remove a persistent module from the configuration.
Return the standard deviation of a property.
Contextmanager that temporarily change the current working directory.
Load a JSON file into a dictionary.
Get a repository writer.
Return the filename of a photo file.
Roll back the rollback of the installer.
Add traits to base.
Renders a template and returns an HTTP response.
Generate a genesis fixture.
test lex expression for float
Decipher data using deciphering.
Return a string representation of a column of data.
Check if a point is inside a polygon.
Get the type of a function.
Convert a string to a unicode string.
Shutdown the server.
Returns a function that returns a dictionary with the specified attributes.
Get the parent process pid.
Log all files in the pipeline.
Convert text to qcolor.
Download a file from the remote host.
Return a list of lines of sibling lines of a file.
Main entry point for billiard.
List rooms for the current session.
Create the ports tree
Add a search command to the tracklist.
Make an entity for the given query.
Add an addon to a context.
Yields the number of tests for the given line.
Discretize bilinear 2D meshgrid.
Validate a value from the current timezone.
Encode a list of control tuples into a list of tuples.
Get the user name and uid of the user.
Return the XML root of the document.
Load experiment description from path.
Format a number of hours as a string.
Show a server.
Set the logger methods for this class.
Dedent a function docstring.
Return the difference between seq1 and seq2.
Convert a time to a hex string.
Jump to the specified location.
Get the limit conn shared memory.
Start all engines.
Calculate the ppo of a dataset.
Get or create identifiers for a node.
Load shape texture.
Return a list of n random keys from a dict.
Get the base path for the current platform.
List all meta fields.
Check that the file is unicode.
Calls the given function with the given name.
Show log messages for the current user.
Open a log file.
Get the git changeset for the current working directory.
Split a dataframe into a list of symbol mappings.
Delete a key from the cache.
Test design matrix using h5py.
Run a basic pip script.
Run the test server.
Print a list of strings.
Add a host key to a module.
Get a server certificate.
Get disk type.
Assert that a multi - index is a product of multiple levels.
Select a joystick from stdin.
Get text box.
Duplicate polynomials with k. one.
Check if a database exists.
Return a function that returns a path to the state of the system.
Exit the specified actions.
Get the polar motion of a time.
test to hdf link optimizations
Add a command to prevent timeouts.
Check if a release has failed.
Make a naive version of a value.
Convert a URL to a pathname.
Convert a datetime to microseconds.
Find the names of all loaded modules of the given co.