Fill the shape of x with the kernel shape .
Build tree structure from queryset .
Unserializes a packer_dict into a dictionary .
Matches a path to a stderr step .
Random integer variates .
Return True if x is a sparse variable .
Configure buffer sizes .
Test whether vi block edit is editable .
Scale time units by unit .
Test the preprocess of the process .
Context manager that provides a context manager to use .
Creates a directory with the given root .
Return a boolean indicating whether the system is virtual
Return a function that checks if the expected value is expected .
Run a mininet command on the remote bridge .
Get user profile for user .
Configure hostnames and port from the config .
Generate a short hash for the thumbnail .
Upsert command .
Helper function to validate requirements .
Fetch one row from a cursor .
Get a file from a modpath .
Get a response from a socket .
Return a filtered list of parameters from a dict .
Lists all locations in the user s context .
Removes trailing lines from a list .
Comment code .
Get the parts of a field .
Return True if text is valid False otherwise .
Test whether strf index is valid .
Command line interface for running MNE .
Write a string representation of the object .
Get a snippet of text .
Create a new subscription .
Invoke the given clause .
Get a virtual interface .
Get information about the versions of a function .
Return the total number of rows in a table .
Add new indentation to the given code .
Parse the alignment from an iterable .
Turn a string into a list of line numbers .
Get Ethernet link
Return the default color for the current context .
Create and return a list of Project objects .
Get the index of the module in the CMS database
Clear the cache
Route the given string to a Flask application .
Query the variables in the given module .
Install one application .
Load a PEM string from a PEM string .
Create a temporary directory .
Registers a class with the given class .
Makes a list of unique values .
Returns a list of authors .
Convert a Python time object to a timestamp .
Search for a command in PATH .
Construct a Compound from a T .
Returns True if p_name is installed by package control .
Split a date string into its components and notes .
Get all snapshots for a given project .
Perform an atomic push .
Set a value for a key .
Setup the device graph .
Export library data to XML .
Returns a configuration object with the versioneer configuration .
Test if a string is missing .
stack a list of values into a single stack
Send a file - like object to the pool .
Get the error from the MySQL module
Close the current session .
Find the index of the shortest path in path
returns true if g1_node is the semantic between two nodes
Encode a certificate as signed bytestring .
Set the environment .
Get all volume glance metadata .
Compute the roots of a function .
Test if intersphinx cache_mappings are valid .
A context manager for creating a function that yields a tuple of indices that can be used for a cycle
Uncompact the creation of a string .
Convert an event into a string .
Process a block .
Get HTTP trace data .
Return the amount of time in the given timezone .
Print error to stderr .
Sort an iterable of lists into two - dimensional lists .
Remove all migrations from the database .
Cleans up HTML and cleans it .
Execute a task .
Set the filesystem home .
Check if a string is an expression .
Returns a boolean indicating whether the service is healthy .
Return a list of all available devices
Get a package name for a package .
Convert a value into a string .
Return a fake object for the given args .
Get the cluster quorum for a cluster .
Convert JSON value to datetime .
Plots an image and a circle patch .
Check if a command exists in the PATH .
Get a category by id .
Attempt to retry a Facebook invite .
Fetches a message
Dump a MRJob conf to f .
Update an account
Ensure two schemas match .
Return the virtualname of the minion
Estimate the covariance of the gaussian covariance matrix .
Get the precision of an element node .
Return the diff of the current branch
Returns True if the user has the given role
Get the source code of an object .
Return the virtual name of the virtual machine .
Check that all events have equal values .
Test code for testing .
Authenticate the flow with the given credentials .
returns True if s is a string
Returns the registry object for the given window .
Runs the runner with the given command .
Write journal entries to a file .
Test prefix reorder .
Print the number of words in a table .
Crawl a list of links .
Split a domain into multiple domains .
Return a list of disabled services .
Get an importer for the given path .
Returns a tuple of the virtual machine and the power path
Create rules for filmtitule .
Calculate the Rastriging skew - rastriging .
Get a new repository for the current tower .
Explicitly enforce the action .
Checks the CRC of the given data against the given checker .
Build a simple tree of numbers .
Convert an instance id to an EC2 id .
View for editing a service .
Concatenate options into a single dictionary .
Group commands .
Test that all scenarios are solved .
Convert a namespace string to a regular expression .
Get credentials from the session .
Return a figure manager .
Helper function to check if d is a numpy ndarray .
Add params to the incoming dictionary .
Validate that a string has the expected header .
Take the first n elements from iterable .
Replace register value in flow params .
Read RLE bitpacked binary string .
Check if the home page is valid .
Test if the lazy process is running .
Emits a line unformatted string .
Build request body .
Kn - classify knn - classifier .
Set up the BEM model .
Make a password .
Resolve a route to a page context .
Write sequence data to file .
Write hyperlinks to a worksheet .
Get CASava version from fastq file .
Get a list of all the imports of a python extension
Convert color to RGB
Ensure domain is valid .
Returns a function that can be used to create a model operator .
Load the loadex description from an experiment directory .
Returns the number of words in string
Retry instance update .
Compare two epochs .
Set the connection info for the registry
Main function for the main function of the main function .
Parse a range header .
Scrub the contents of a class attribute .
build libraries
This method is used to get a binghook command .
A manual search for a task .
Returns the first string from a dictionary
Default fallback translation for a particular document .
Decorator to remove readonly .
Get layer variables by name .
Repeat a tensor .
Convert datetime to milliseconds .
Get a mock request .
Read bitspacked data from a file - like object .
This function is called when a table fails .
Iterate through manual pois and add them to the markers .
Get the system s initial state .
Test that the GCRS is in the Altaz moment .
Clips a string in Windows .
This decorator allows you to specify settings .
Detach devices from a VM
Test that the pricing module is active .
Perform basic auth
Generate a UUID1 UUID .
Iterate over the words in a corpus .
Create a user in test group .
Return a temporary tempfile .
Get the amount of disk usage in bytes .
Extracts the zip archive .
Delete all of the flow flows
get geometry output by positive and negative indices
Create a test filename .
Colorize a string .
Send a direct request to a template .
Convert a rotation to a float .
Finish a task .
Returns the extension of filename .
Internal function to interpolate an artifact .
Get user input .
Test if batch normalization is propagated .
Write output to file .
Encode data as JSON .
Create a new Python environment .
Returns a list of all aircraft
Get the filename and line number from the given traceback .
Is the current platform little endian?
Set self . _dirtypatches .
Render a list of documents .
Return a list of notification_count for a given list of modules .
Returns a list of vim . Resourcepool objects .
Connect to the poetry server .
Raise a jsonsecodeError in JSON format .
Redirect to the request .
Get all keywords from a lexer .
Generate a unique identifier .
Returns a HTTP response with a secure test .
Add a community email to the queue .
Determine if a course has been blocked .
Find the first element that matches the CSS selector .
Update a certificate based on the status of an existing certificate .
Create an XML element .
Processes a cylinder element .
Ensure the named container is absent
Test if a JSON file contains a JSON list .
Validate unit_plural .
Evaluate the given source as a string .
Return a convex hull of two points .
Parse XML and return an error code .
Compute a list of allowed methods .
Wait for a file descriptor .
Test the tensorflow .
Loads all installed plugins and initializes them .
Determine the first bday .
Generate a list of hex colors for a given number of colors .
Require deletion of document .
Convert value to int .
Register the OpenEncoding checker .
Return a copy of a transformation .
Generate a hexdump of the given data .
Create a new chain from a table .
Test if the cache is valid .
Stop a running session .
Setup the devices in the system .
Check the password against the hashed password .
Create a DOT graph from a graph .
Internal helper for _get_argument .
Register a mapping type .
Test if the function is a desktop .
Compute the dot product of two shapes .
Displays completions in a readline .
Return True if course_key is a CCX course .
Assert that the HTTP view is an error .
Context manager for temporarily redirected stdio .
Return the contents of a file .
Simulate kn - classifier .
Return a list of available plugins .
Returns the filename of the pc settings file
Run a subunit .
Register a simple tag for a querystring .
Return the path to the config file .
Generate a random Garch model .
Return a string containing a requirement .
Runs the lettuce test on the lettuce server .
Removes duplicates from code .
Return the size of a given file .
Find an option with a short prefix .
Write an example config to a file .
Make a Poisson PMF
Test for mne_bem2bem .
Extract a measure from a string .
Parse an HTTP response and return a response .
A range4 .
Convert an ID to a string .
Get topics and non - course topics .
Create a decorator for a function .
Deletes the specified keys from the given specification .
Get activities from user .
Whitelist the given template with the given template .
Filters the given ava dict according to specification .
Create a demo for the given number of demos .
Upgrade the database .
Apply operator to a linear operator .
Wrapper for subprocess . Popen
Runs a remote save_draft on the server .
Return netstat information
Show how the user works .
Create a sudoer for sudo .
Tearches the contents of a tar file in the given directory .
Prepare the bearer URI for the given token .
Test for consistency .
Test for min .
Returns a list of category structure .
Return the jumptop review window .
Add a rule to the minion
Create a stream .
Log an error .
Main main loop .
Get the parent PID of a given pid .
Adjust the parameters of a channel on the event .
Returns the DMP part of a complex f .
Recompose two lists of tuples .
Return True if path is a package directory .
Entry point for the script .
Read the number of addresses mapped to the given key .
Convert a timedelta to an integer .
Test if URL to local path .
Convert a T object to an ID .
Return the path to a url
Sets up the simulation time before running the simulation
Return a copy of seq .
Validate that all axes are valid .
Read lens file .
Test test dialog .
Temporarily redirect to url .
Yield n - sized chunks from iterable .
Get the base path of a pack .
Return a list of host names for this VMware environment
Batchdet function .
Converts a resource to a project .
Generate a slice from a given slicel .
Calculate the number of uptime in seconds .
Combine two flaky annotation dictionaries .
Unpublish a collection .
Removes all roles from a tenant .
Calls jsonrpc client and returns the result .
Return a list of path indices for a point in the path .
Parse the deb resolve file .
Test if all strings are strings .
Convert an EBS volume to a BlockDeviceVolume object .
Check if two triangles are the same .
Perform a suggestion on the unit .
Get the size of a VM
Lower case - insensitive version of getitem .
Test if two values are equal .
Return a tuple of the virtual machine s virtualname
Returns a boolean indicating whether the current language is bidi .
Select best encoding for outputstream .
Get label from plist
Entry point for nzseel2 .
Get a flag from a config var .
Roll back a reservation .
Check if a keystone version is available .
Download a module or container to a file .
Searves a server .
Assert that the opened help link is correct .
Set current canvas .
Find a git directory in the working directory .
Get pagination params .
Assert that the string is valid .
Create a fixture for afrikaans .
Return the total physical memory .
Group a list of videos into a single dictionary .
Return the virtualenv
Parse an etag string .
Run the simulator .
Add an email to a user .
Return a new style style .
Return a string representation of the given type T .
Returns an iterator over the items in d .
Add patches to a dictionary .
Convert a string to an integer .
Simplify a sequence of expressions into a single dimension .
Encode a variable into a string .
Test if the translated field is valid .
Return list of open sockets .
Execute the hypervisor command .
Eijkitivita .
Flushes the number of transactions to the database .
Helper function to make a cf name .
Allow access to the course
Revoke given roles from a database .
List clusters by datacenter
Decorator to register keywords in a git repository .
Return a uniform layout of points .
Generate a list of n colors .
Get a list of ACL groups .
Generate tokens from a readline .
Get a metric by name .
Parse URL query string .
Remove stopwords from a sentence .
Return True if the given shell is an IPython shell .
Get the swap size of a VM
Delete a file or directory .
Generate URLs for the music song .
Execute a python script .
Return True if spec_info is a list
Return a tuple containing the access keys for the minion .
Test whether dictionary key is valid .
Convert string to float
Determine whether the given vector is a bow .
Get metadata about a series .
Register a user .
Uploads an S3 bucket to S3 .
Checks if a node is an inverse pair .
Get the account for a given nick
Return True if obj is undefined
get a response from a database
Get a catalog by its name
Test that random values are in random .
Search for a string in a file .
Get the unit format from the config .
iterate over the format_mode
Roll back a transaction .
Print the totals for all results .
Return True if the given node is a super class .
Normalize mode string .
Get the priority of an element .
Fallback to humanize .
Parse an egg info file .
Get a pathspec for a device .
Resize an image using the given size .
Unregisters a handler .
Wrap a command inside a shell .
Update metadata for a volume .
Extract a value from a nested dictionary .
Return the geometry output of the given element .
Migrate search .
Main function .
Returns a user structure as a dictionary .
Return a list of table names .
Validate options .
Return a random number generator .
Assert that two arrays are equal .
Context manager for creating a temporary file .
Unpack a string into an integer .
Fill an array with numpy data .
Generate a gridgrid of points .
Reload the configuration from the minion
Reset quota .
Return a list of available extension extensions .
Return n colors .
Compute the Cheb1 - ap algorithm .
Return a subset of x .
Test that the integers are in the same range .
Convert a POST request to the appropriate format .
Run the self test .
Return a tuple of the virtual machine s virtual name and a tuple of strings
Returns a string version of the given object
Return True if the changeset has been reviewed for the given revision .
Get the user base
Validate value against regex .
Attach a volume
Remove all temporary files in a temporary directory .
Test for maxshield .
Write out a JSON file to a file .
Shuffle a list of lists .
Create a batch iterator that batches each epoch .
Format the changes in a dictionary .
Deletes instance infocache cache .
Get attribute flags .
Tries to convert indsstring to ints
Get sale records .
Return True if text is valid False otherwise .
Add a resource to a given location .
Request user input .
Provides access to the person controller .
Validate the marshmallow schema .
Check to see if a profile is associated with a role .
Return a string containing the chain text .
get the mountpoint of a cgroup
Parse command line arguments .
Returns the default time for the given datetime .
Create a list of managed nodes .
Pretty print a tag .
Convert a sympy expression to a NumPy array .
Get a list of VMPs .
Unblock a block device
Create a resource for a resource .
Find the zone name for a given name .
Check if resource1 is inside resource2 .
Parse a unary expression .
Read data from persistent store .
Escape special characters in a string .
URL encode a string .
Convert a numpy array to a dummy variable .
Convert string to boolean
Find a tex file by filename .
Sends a request to the response .
Return a suitable downloader based on info dict .
Pack a template into a file .
Convert an IP address to an integer .
Run a convert command .
Disables availability zones for an availability zone .
Calculate the CPU percent of the resource .
Create a declaration for a declaration .
This function is used to run a task on the server .
Manage the change configuration .
Add two values .
Injects the list of reviews into a context
Get a group type
Render a Jinja template .
Create an index list .
Print a brief summary of decoders .
Check if a service is a valid Svc file
Ensure that the classification targets are valid .
Fit a curve to data
Check that all values are equal .
Force a job to be run .
Manage vagrant configuration .
Create an option values for the given optionable_type .
Test if a scenario matches the hash of the given hashes .
Lists all threads in the current thread .
Test for normal mode .
Write status message .
Delete a repository .
Checks if a string is IPv6 address .
Get the read coordinate of a read .
Decrypt data with AES encryption .
Get socket .
Set the proxy for a Windows server .
Convert a list of hex colors to RGBA colors .
Get a list of package revision revisions .
Save photos uploaded to user .
Echo the temperature .
Update event version .
Make a google - unique id for a cloud instance .
Remove all files from the database
Check connectivity of a cluster
Initialize a module .
Find all matches in string .
Filter a string to be used as a filter .
Returns True if loop is intersecting in looplists
Sets quota usage for the given tenant .
Return a list of unique ids .
Temporarily augment a context manager .
Remove all files in the directory .
Release a VLAN id
Render a mock template .
Calculate the Gf - value of f .
Transpose an expression .
Return True if val is a string .
Return the coverage report .
Return the value of the named monitor
Expand an expression to be used in the query .
Test for test .
Compare two records .
List host groups
Return a list of systemd commands to execute .
Return a list of siblings that are siblings of the given page .
Write content to a file .
Replace a file with the given data
Get the connection string .
Returns True if the value of an IP set is greater than the specified entry .
Update the welcome_osf4m .
Set the icon path to the icon file .
Load a module into a dictionary .
Get approval token for an object .
Get desktop module by name .
Determine if a tool dependency can be used by a tool dependency .
Encode a sequence of bytes into a string .
Determine the domain of a string .
Checks that all amino acid characters in the mapping are valid .
Split arguments into a dictionary .
Create a DateTimeLocator for the given span .
Remove all modules from sys . modules .
Install a signal handler .
Create a directory on the hdfs .
Return True if the current platform is a BSD .
Return the greatest common divisor of p .
Removes a viewpoint from a user cookie .
Get a recording by its id .
Return a cache key for a namespace .
Raise a deprecation warning for the given unit .
Replace strings in str
Lock the workstation .
Entry point for the command line .
Return the SHA - 512 hash of the given subdb .
Set verbose level .
Initialize a directory .
Get flavor information .
Get the status of a datapusher .
Unpack lines from a string .
Allow a temporary access rule .
Get members of an object .
Convert dkl to RGB .
Test if the package index is valid .
Display a listing of charts .
Build an HL0b trainingset .
Decorator for undocation .
Lock a node
Parse a preference file .
Shows message about cloud bot .
Covent variance function .
Group items by key_fn .
Test the inverse operator .
Convert a matroska date into a datetime object .
Return the status of the CSF
Handle conditional expression .
Decrypts the secret and returns a list of decryptable objects that match the specified user .
Check if a mount exists .
Returns True if the cache is enabled without a backend .
Check if a release name matches the given filter_words .
Return the command to use for vbox
Parse a template string .
Return a list of values filtered by the given vlist .
Construct a random state variable .
This function is used to create a task that can be used to execute the task .
Assign a user to a page .
Dump memory to a temporary file .
Roll - wapap .
Returns the name of the bench function .
Join a list of paths together .
Kotanche kotanche
Archiver the archive .
Run a command and return its output .
Cleans up a string and cleans it up to - date .
View the answer .
Read a string from a file - like object .
Test if smote is wrong .
Test connection to the MySQL database .
Prints a list of projects that have been modified since the last commit was modified .
Removes the given path if it exists .
Find the best path for the given candidates .
Parse a libvlc media string .
Converts a sequence of targets into a dense tensor .
Stop running containers
Get phred quality information from a record .
Find a UUID instance by name and name .
Command for debugging .
Iterate over all modules in a given package .
Return the indicator controller .
Authenticate with the given credentials .
Ensure a subreddit exists .
Load a client library from a discovery path .
Return the elapsed time elapsed between start and end events .
Compare the color of the event collection .
Test for pushd and pushd
Setup qsusb .
Pick random test tests .
Edit an alias .
Initialize an addon .
Return the name of a file object .
Convert milliseconds to a timedelta .
Get a list of all known service types .
Unescape a string literal .
Construct a context dictionary .
Handles adding a task to a task .
Create an event rule for one day per day .
Read the version file .
Argument of a softmax .
Revoke certificates for a user and project .
Get user password .
Retrieve xblock information .
Expand the cookie path to the pid file .
Get latest release tag .
Filter the table to the given number of samples .
Makes sure that an oauth template is not present .
Compute histogram of bins .
Return a list of all grains
Retrieve user info .
Extract a URL from a link header .
Parse the command line options and wait for it to complete .
Map the qos spec to its corresponding value .
Get the stock balance of a given item .
Compares two entity indexes and returns a row where each row is the row of the row and the
Return cluster status
Test if the help command should be executed .
Scours a list of coordords .
Creates a new campaign with the given budget_id and budget_id .
Setup the devices on the device .
Start a VM
Mean squared root of an array .
Return a string representation of a buffer .
Get a logger by name .
Calculate the correlation matrix .
Unify two lists of genes .
find end of expression inline in line
Test that a scenario has a name .
Render a list of files .
Get a cache object for the lru cache .
View for ajax request .
Return True if there is one label in the context .
Convert x to bytes .
Tag the current timezone .
Convert arguments to gl_entry .
Create a list of formatter instances for the given stream openers .
Remove all log handlers from the root logger .
Return a list of all the files in the gallery .
Convert a column to an image .
Return a string representation of a process .
Check that the working directory exists .
Edit folder .
Stop a cover .
Return True if the given rdclass is a metaclass .
Returns the IPv6 address associated with an interface .
Processes a movie reviews .
Load enabled extensions
Get the embeddings for the given options .
Set media player s media player .
Convert x to a list .
Finds all child nodes that are orphaned .
Change user cookie security cookie .
Remove duplicates from a list .
Clears the current window .
Test compound gates .
Formats an example into the formatter .
Convert camel case to camel case .
Return the logfile name for the given exe exe
Get the difference between two loops .
Pad a string to a specified number .
get provider instance by name
Change the user s username .
Show a specific resource
Applies the given route_name to the request .
Multiply the pow function .
Turn a path into a unicode string .
Get a single value from DB .
Test if the help command should be run .
Release an EC2 address .
Resnet with multiple layers .
Get a piece of text from a text file .
Convert an IP address into a network byte string .
Test the StFT .
Get the version of the cython version
Returns a list of sql indexes for the app .
Remove media extension from a string .
Returns a list of recently changed packages .
A 2D example .
Return a list of all installed packages .
Create and return a connection to the server
Formats the given slug as a template slug .
Convert a text - like object to a Python object .
Get the argspec of a callback .
Handles assigning roles when an organization is accepted .
Convert a list of tuples into a sparse block .
Apply fixes to source_lines .
Run a command and return its output .
Get the options from the command line
Test that choices match the default context .
Assert that the bundle has no output .
Return a figure manager for a given figure .
Split a name into a list of strings .
Create all transformations from all_tokens .
Sets the tax_type of the current session .
Test whether value matches regex .
Perform an appveyor API request .
List all installed apps
Set the diff opcode for diffcode .
Expand the dimensions of x .
Search for an executable in the environment .
Create a script file .
Handle a slash append or a slash append .
Return True if a wildcard is in the database .
Send an email to a group removed .
Authorize a user .
Get console width .
Sort an IP address according to the format of an IP address .
View for listing of course page .
Delete pre - uploaded preview files .
Return True if s is positive .
Calculate the discriminant of a and b .
Test if a user has a default value .
Renders data from request .
Find library by name .
Creates a GrantIP middleware that will be used to grant IPs .
Run lint on a set of files .
Add backticks to string .
Return True if the given header is an HTML header .
Return a list of keyspaces .
Configure settings .
Return the default args for a new instance .
Import an exploit module .
Yield messages from a CSV file .
Create a record of the student s attendance record .
Route a topic .
Create a dict of iostats .
Unquote a string .
Convert an ordinal number into a datetime object .
Returns True if the summary with the given tag exists .
Get input file .
Gather the losses for a clone .
Extract information from a SSL DN string .
Build a rep for a song .
Register a tag for a specific language .
docstring for search records
Creates a directory copy of the ALBump directory .
Add a summary mapping to a mapping table .
Compute the search for the given hypervisor .
Combine mappings and OTU map files .
Helper function to check if the exists .
Search for an executable in the sitepath .
Find the end of a multi - line multiline docstring .
Join a coroutine function into a new coroutine .
Return a boolean indicating whether the device is noafni .
Get pylint version .
Get the volume summary for a project .
Autocomplete for a line .
Translates a text message .
Get sort keys .
Convert a magnitude value to an arcseconds .
Find the Hessian of a point
Convert a human - readable size to bytes .
Set the value of an evacuate or drain option .
Execute kadmin command
Recursively evaluate the tail of a g .
Get the cubic path from the xmLElement
Replace line breaks with line breaks .
Construct a target for a package .
Return a list of clauses from an expression .
Updates the search index in the search index .
Sort a list of files using pcap .
Update the latest instance of the class
Check if a process exists .
Read the next string and return it .
Convert a list of outputs into a dictionary .
Reload the globus rewrite
Return an array with the given size and size .
Setup the MQTT platform .
Check if a string is a valid extcomm attr .
Return a list of all available VMs
Tag the release .
Write a message to the editor window .
Return a resampler for groupby .
Create a dataset containing samples and intercept data .
Sort tree by column .
Asserts that the savedjson has equal length .
Ensure that the given builder is contiguous .
Test plot of topo image epochs .
Returns a dict with headers
Check to see if a dependency should be rebuilt
Return a safe version of the given payload .
Returns the correct renderer class .
Load all tests found in a module .
Get a list of pull requests .
Return the HTTP status message for a given status code .
Wait for a given amount of time to sleep .
Route root url
Unescape JID nodes in a node .
Check if an object is a sequence of booleans .
Add faces to a list of faces .
Find the root of a file - type .
Synchronize switch listener .
Adds two 32 bits to a 32 - bit integer .
Return a list of SD objects
Use pytest . mark_basic . pytest to validate the string .
Return the name of the virtual minion
Return the pillar data
Handle key - value pairs .
Add test params to the app .
Test for on_focus .
Patch the mock commandutils .
Insert data into the given dictionary .
Send password changed notice email .
Add command line arguments for loadgraph .
Remove all symbols from an iterable .
Convert a datetime to a decimal value .
Return the source and line number of a node .
Normalize a path .
Run Deseq2 Deseq2 Deseq2 .
Get the name of the python package using the given python path .
Parse unary expression .
Creates a bucket .
Return a color tuple from a string .
Remove duplicates from indices .
Run the main application .
Pause server .
Parse out a JSON string .
Normalize diacritics .
Raises TypeError if exception is not a string .
Ensure that the named network is absent
Convert a list of locations into a list of latlngs .
Generate a BigQuery schema from a DataFrame .
Return the sort_string key for sort_string .
Get command line arguments .
Check whether the given graph is connected .
Get the contents of an interface .
Multiply a column scale by scale .
Get a new Repository object for use in a skein layer .
Encode a password .
Create an audio output .
Calls the service
Validate atom atom .
Calculate the cross entropy of the categorical data .
Route a product .
Compare two pie slices
Import an object by name .
Checks if the process needs to be done .
Return a list of files with filetypes removed .
Create a logout URL for the given slug .
If request is not IPv4 return the host and its error .
Recursively copy a directory .
Register a handler to clear the screen .
Return the location of a VM
Return a vector from x .
Test the truncated field .
Initialize a new state .
Gets the value of a field .
Compute the log - density at the given means .
Convert cix to ElementTree .
Empty the current shell .
Creates a tag that renders the given text with the given tooltip .
Split a string into named ranges .
Set a vary header .
Return a list of view extensions .
Search for recentscans database
Test for regularization of noise .
If x is None return None .
Parse a TCP packet .
Return a PDF object .
Generate triangles for a meshgrid .
Clear the cache for a site instance .
Stream of logged in user .
Creates a vertical exit code .
Return a weakref for target .
Test for allknn - fit .
Return True if the bucket_name is a subdomain of a bucket .
Takes a string and returns a tuple of strings
returns the river controller
Calls a function to_call .
Print metadata for all installed plugins .
Detach a device from a device .
Join a list of strings together .
Return a list of all ports that are free .
Run a command and return its exit code .
Note that the string should not be skipped .
Return a tuple of script_name and str_name .
Returns the compiled compiler .
Start video download .
Delete a security group
Test that the current state of the saved inner graph is equal to the current state .
Check if geometry is valid .
Create a namedtuple for a child tuple .
Verifies that the settings in the settings are not None .
Build the build URL .
Get permissions from URLs .
Create a new gtype from a gtype_or_similarity_or_similarity_
Return the comparison type for a logical line .
Attach a role to a role .
Notify about server group update
Create a WSGI resource .
Calculate the weight of a word .
Return the pricing module .
Check if the disk is too large .
Wait for the given CSS selector to complete .
Get the available colours .
Return a dictionary with the tag name and close .
Validate image id field .
Load Python executable from environment variable .
Test if RGB to HSL .
Convert a string to an int .
Wrap a fragment into a new fragment .
Return a list of keys for the specified user .
Concatenate strings into a string .
Create a directory if it does not exist .
Get the chassis datacenter .
Compute the power product of a matrix .
Run the main function .
A context manager that acts as a context manager .
Get a UID by name .
Get the pagination variables for the given objects .
Convert a hex string to a byte string .
delete the content of a namespace
Hovers the specified element .
Split a URL into its components .
Takes a string and transforms it into a Python function .
Format a text using rst formatting .
Compute mean of x .
Create a workflow workflow for a map
Get the size of a VM
Get a proxy object .
Apply changes to a collection .
Get the version number of an executable .
Delete all lead addresses from a company .
Update a flagged object .
Write numpy array to file .
Fetch a MSX HDU
Calculate the n - movie estimates .
Returns True if the VM is reset False otherwise .
Convert integer property to integer field .
Get the host of the request .
Compute the minimum value of the QUAD .
Returns True if package is installed False otherwise .
Start an application .
Test if a number is null .
Determine if the freesurfer is available .
Mimify a file to another file .
Determine the type of a function .
Log a raw IRC message .
Get the common prefix of a list of paths .
Remove the rules for dnsmasq .
Generate a fathead file from a folder .
Diff two dictionaries .
Move the stack in the current frame .
Gradient of x .
Processes an xmlelement element and processes it .
Returns the host name for the specified instance .
Concatenate table labels .
Find sequences that are increasing .
Fix a makefile .
Convert an index to tick labels .
Return the sum of x .
Get stock adjustment value for a given supplier .
Establish a connection to an S3 connection .
Return a list of tables from the database
Returns the base directory of the port .
Get the ports of a node .
Generate a qualified prefix for a qualification .
Route a user .
Delete a servicegroup
Calculate the cross - validation score .
Return True if user enabled in LDAP
Delete a network interface
Render a mock request to a string
Returns the maximum spanning span of a logical system .
Create a fake BDM object from a given bdm object .
Get information about a container .
Create a fifo file
Get a temporary temporary directory .
Renders a report with given data .
Unsubscribe from a document type .
Iterate over the items in a mapping .
Return a list of headers that match the request .
Remove a user from the minion
Return a boolean indicating whether the system is virtual
Pragma foreign keys to the database .
Log a message to the console .
Private method to remove patches from an ApiKey
Check if an anchor is found .
Get or create a hosted zone .
Create a pytest environment and configure it .
Remove a user
Check if index_name is valid .
convert None to null
Get the summary of the volume .
Writes a docstring dictionary to a file .
Get the current kernel arch
Return data to a server
Load the filesystem loader .
Test that the label estimates are well - formed .
Validate a covariance matrix .
Get the portage of the current process
Add a quoteforr to a string .
Load and display the file contents .
Return a list of all the configured groups
Convert RAR3 to RSA key .
Deletes a vlanid from the database .
Render OpenID request .
Compute the root of an nth root .
Calculate CDL DTLs .
Yields the items from the given sobject .
Add a service to the device
Register a function that can be used to register a GPU optimizer .
Return a list of updated packages .
Receive an object from a socket .
Ensure that the named container is absent
Inject create tags into a class .
Calculates the power flow of a piseux function .
Get user info
Runs a function on a flup server .
Compute fonseca and f_2 .
Retrieve the console log output .
Create a list of bookmarks for the module .
Display an RGB image .
Read lines from a file .
Runs test on collection error .
Get the next host .
Set a namespace scope .
Whether the system is virtual
Expand a user s home directory .
Multiply lcm .
Copy data from master_fd to master_read .
Compute the value of the gradients of x .
Compute an optional configuration value from all configs .
Load a Zen project .
Convert x to a list .
Tries to delete a category
Convert an object into a commit .
Open an svg page with the specified svgviewer .
Format a list of messages .
Build a bundle of assets .
Try to import an object .
Builds a function object .
Split an optional netmask into a networkmask .
Decorator that memoizes the rcctl command
Get limit and marker from request .
Convert an etree element into a dict .
Strips all of the specified xmlns from the element .
Get render context .
Parse test_files option .
Format a power into an integer .
Get the presentation element referenced by the given ref_id .
Get a string representation of a list of routines .
Parse an integer into an integer .
Creates a test fixture .
Get a child of the given tag
Get settings from given dictionary .
Colorize text .
Returns a list of all the elements in a list .
Get limit parameter from request .
Get modules and their status .
Calculate the difference of a given key .
Try a passwordless passwordless SSH .
Test if the FEG reference is in the raw assembly .
Removes whitespace from a string .
Create a decorator from a middleware class .
Decrypts in_stream with the given mode .
Get a random integer nbits .
Return the trailing blank lines .
Convert a df to an IDF value .
publish a tag
Determine if a SQL statement is an open quote .
Return a list of addresses for a given host .
Safely write data to a temporary file .
Command line interface for interacting with dscluster
Return a string representation of an expression .
Creates a tabbed interface for the model .
Convert html to xhtml
Find all occurrences of a boolean condition .
Set the rate limit .
Checks for non unique prefixes
Get a date from a relative day .
Return True if rbenv is installed .
Find the first element in a list .
Compute the discretely - lyapunov model .
Get a random bit integer .
Calculate the temperature of the wind speed .
Convert a string to a list of integers .
Clear the cache from the database
Convert a regexp to a pattern tuple .
Compute the hash of a configuration item .
Register a tag with a simple tag .
Compute the difference of a function f .
Get the maxid of the database
Return a mapview config .
Parse struct declaration .
Create a local optimized version of the Gpu blockouter .
Split a string into a list of integers .
Get the python zip archive for the given asset .
Test the keys of the cursor .
Use a testcutter to use a cookiecutter .
Checks to see if the current version is running .
Find the value of a node with the given path .
Get a boolean object from a parser .
Parse the change values from the given options .
Return a dictionary of test arguments .
Wrapper for _sci . export
Get the membership of a user .
Returns True if stream is public False otherwise .
Test the inverse of the links .
Return True if all elements in a dictionary are unique .
Compute a polynomial .
Switch an org .
Parse a cookie string .
Get a template object .
Convert a list of dicts into a string .
Attempt to guess filename from object .
Submit problem grade report .
Return a string representation of an acc .
Get a queryset of all instances of a given class .
Returns the current path to the current request .
Test if the string is a float range .
Raise the system exit .
Calculate cmo .
Get entity metadata .
Load a model from file .
Create window function .
Returns a list of all routes in the network .
Parse command line options .
Transforms parameters into a dictionary .
Get a list of lines from a sentinel .
Get the IP address of a VM .
Returns the module of the comments app .
Tries to find an executable in the system .
Given a parsed media_type and parsed_ranges returns the fitness score for the best match .
Create a SQLAlchemy builder for the given connection .
Returns a string representation of the course display .
Whether this is a virtual machine .
Get current asset log
Extracts text from an element .
Convert an object into a JSON string .
Promote an operator to a given size .
Return a list of names matching a pattern .
Get a volume type by id
Initialize QWEbsettings
Strip exception from exception .
Get changes between two models .
Ensure that the named migrate engine is deleted .
Send events to the event server
Test that a virtualenv is in a temporary directory .
Returns True if user is registered for course .
Register all services .
Get a foreign struct
Check to see if a database exists .
Ensure a directory exists .
Broadcasts a tensor to multiple GPUs .
Returns a list of all words found in file_path .
Get style help
Rotate 64 - bit unsigned integers .
Match a sentence against a given sentence .
Encode given string to Windows .
Create a click command .
Test if a string contains a vowel .
Start interactive mode .
Get the plot options .
Attach custom attributes to a queryset .
Return the state of a mapped object .
download a file
Retrieve a quality - of - service specs by its id .
Set up the configuration of the device .
Loads a WSGI application .
Returns True if the user has read access to the given course .
Wrap a string to an integer .
Split a node into a big add or mul .
Power off the machine .
Set a driver for a provider
Returns a dict with zmq settings .
Truncate a string .
The list of infinibox required for infinibox .
Validate a local ip
Convert a number to an integer .
Compute the product of two matrices .
Get output of gcode .
Create commands for the given list of files .
Get configuration tag .
Called when server cold stop is called .
Get a list of flavors .
Returns a list of keys
Ping the connection to the server .
Returns True if the driver is available .
Return an attributeive adjective .
Setup rfclink
Check if we have a handshake .
delete an object from a class
Find autocomplemented and wait for completion .
Rotate a color .
Convert a Roman number to an integer .
Call a function with a timeout .
Returns a new empty repository
Print a list of available frameworks .
Pick counters from log_interpretation .
Remove fetched fetched from distutils .
Test that the skycoord representation is well formed .
Update an existing record .
Get the geometry output for an element node .
Mark a string as skipped .
Returns an absolute URL for the given path .
Start mainloop from constructor .
Get current media rate .
Returns the name of the virtual machine
Find a directory .
internal function to compile a function
Checks if the search method should be run .
Validate that a Django extension matches the given name .
Return the number of nest nesting in a string .
Return the plural of a string .
Check if requirements are installed
Sleep num times .
Check if val is an integer - like object .
Add extra fillops from a ring around a radius around a radius around a radius around a radius around
Test the base - of - reduce function .
Return True if version matches the required version .
Makes a fake request mock .
Return the status of a task .
Generate random vectors .
Return a random rotation matrix .
List installed packages .
Add an HTTP header .
Create a transfer manager .
Create an epsilon closure .
Parse signed request .
Get the file name for a given type and test type .
Stub all functions in a test suite .
Test CUDA driver .
Returns a tuple with the virtual machine name .
Compile a node into a HTML string .
A decorator for views that provides access to the API .
Add noise to input .
Concatenate strings into a string .
Write metadata to a file .
Returns the current language code
Set plugin path if it exists .
Ensure that the named file exists .
Wrap an enumvariant into an enumvariant
Generate random ibp
Return a floating point number .
Write usearch61 log file .
Parse filename range and page ranges .
Check if an object is null .
Return True if URI is a valid S3 URI .
Format a date .
Returns True if the given language is translated or not .
Set the idfunction to use .
Validate the API password against the API .
Get a list of ratings by name .
Clean up the database .
Apply a function to a clip .
Create a tag cloud using the given words .
Detaches a role from a role .
Return a set with the values removed .
Run the load_bearer command .
Parse a variable definition specifier .
Create API method response for a given resource
Return the sorting key for an item .
Small test for tests .
Write an object to a file .
Return a list of dynamic tabs .
Parse an HTTP Authorization header .
Test if a wheel is not installed .
Return the path to the tool panel config file .
Print query results .
URL quote a given string .
Parse command line arguments .
Print a message and exit .
Get all releases for a given episode .
Return True if x is in precision .
Checks if the filesystem home exists .
Get the revision number .
Annotate content models with the given youtube id .
Test iterator .
Return True if l is a list .
Evaluate basic test .
Show the configuration for the specified pools
Moving mean .
Adds a teacher to the context .
Fill paragraphs in string .
Test that the contents of the raw CTF data is required .
Show the weights of a model .
Provide access to the search controller .
Convert a Java pattern to a regular expression .
Replace old with newline .
Return a dictionary containing the information about the specified agent .
Redirects the user to the login form .
make csv output
Get the version of the operating system .
Convert unicode to unicode .
Convert an RPC status to an RPC error .
Helper function to get the next datetime in UTC time .
Calculate the md5sum of a file .
Fallback function .
Remove newlines from text .
Iterate over all filenames in a directory .
A context manager that iterates over arguments and yields them as a pipe .
Set the nameervers for the specified domain .
Test if cell reset out .
Create a webfocontroller resource .
Display the created task .
return a string representation of a dictionary
Get the unit status of a given code .
Initialize the bitsinit module .
Get user model name .
Apply a reduction function to a group expression .
Return the HTTP user agent string .
Run the command line parser .
Kill the given greenlet .
Clean up an S3 bucket .
Return True if object is a generator function .
Generate fields that can be used to render a role .
Compute the deployment state .
List extensions .
Ensure the given string s is a separator .
Update the fileserver
Return a list of job ids
Install gettext translations for templates .
Serialize a user into a dictionary .
Register the signals .
Get mapping from instance and volume uuid .
Return a tuple describing the virtual machine .
Raise ValueError if param is not in param_shape .
Return True if the given module is in the given object .
Calculate the absolute difference between two inputs .
Return True if the given synapses are in the given list of synapses .
Return the virtual system
Register a scale class .
Get the relative path to a file .
Delete a key from memcache
Return the object with the given address .
Whether the system is virtual
Get all header headers from message .
Validate a collection of options .
Install the ioloop .
Run a matlab job .
Rewrite the bridge configuration .
Get the value of a system kernel parameter .
Return a dictionary mapping the prefix to a new value .
Decode a base64 - encoded string .
Update an image
Get the title of a layout .
Shortcut for displaying a URL .
Test if value is a long integer .
Install from wheel .
Return True if instance is in resize state .
Run a script with the given context and context .
Format a number .
Return True if the given module exists .
Print a summary of efuses .
Triangulate a point .
Return a list of all branches in the repo .
Convert markdown_source_source into a string .
Parse command line arguments .
Get credential controller .
Compare two baseline images .
Clone the repo
Format an exception .
Context manager to push kernel context into a context manager .
Join a list of URLs .
Return True if path is a hidden dot file .
Wait for a task to be created
Require a flavor by name .
Create one or more ones from an array .
Parse an HTTP response
Return a DCT matrix .
Search a string in a string .
Creates a full path to the given file rkrc
Create an access key .
Update a CloudWatch stack .
Reshows the reshow of a Matplotlib figure .
Create a documentlist entry from an XML string .
Check if the socket access is readable .
Sends a bulk message to the CCM server .
Run HTML tidy on input .
Reraise an exception .
Recursively convert nodes from one node to another
Get a model by name .
Add platform arch .
Return data to a mysql server
Get the appropriate fill value for a given dtype .
Return a new instance of the miller repository .
Generate email .
Join two paths together .
Look up a method by its name and dbus interface .
Main entry point .
Download a file from HTTP .
Update a fits file .
Move a file or directory .
Tries to close the task when open task is closed .
Test if a cache is deactivated .
Ensure data is deleted .
Ignores the given key in the context if it is not sysadmin .
Load a certificate from a buffer .
Return a list of queued queues
Normalize identifier to GCE name .
Calculate the depth of a sqrt .
Extend os . environ with kwargs .
Return unix path .
Decode a datetime string to a datetime object .
Return a list of indices that are in t1 and t2 .
Return a data api module .
Create expected photos from user .
Get a worker by filters .
Test if ros fit is invalid .
Stop editing a document .
handle desktop name notification
Return a boolean as a boolean .
Return a list of parameters from a file .
Extract the browser from the user agent .
Test if imports are not in the global namespace without the path .
Return the grade of the adjective .
Load and return a UDF dataset .
Dispatch a URL to a GCS server .
Get the current time .
Verify that a user is valid .
Parse a timedelta string .
Strips ANSI escape sequences from a string .
Convert an IP number to a quad string .
Build descriptor for enumValue .
Generate lorem_ipsum .
Check if a given module exists .
Setup the extension .
Set quota usage for a project .
Create click command .
Get HTTP status code from HTTP status code .
Return the top data from the minion
Create a transfer job .
Execute a jumptotab command .
Handle callback for log messages .
return a base64 - encoded string of all the global preferences
View the html index .
Read string 4 bytes from file - like object f .
Runs the lettuce test .
add a service group
Convert string to lowercase .
Test the get peak .
return True if two arrays are equal False otherwise
Validate that value is positive float .
Returns True if repo_type is installed False otherwise .
Return True if a is less than b .
Get the status of the core .
Get the target path of a link .
Return a cache key for the given locale .
Context manager for creating a temporary directory .
Create a new ArcGIS service .
Select a template by name .
Return a path to a temp file .
Extend data with given offset .
Add a task_id to a dict .
Compare two entity objects by key .
Checks if the media index has changed .
Perform a search .
Convert a datetime to a datetime .
Add HTTP referer to the configuration .
Delete a repo
Serialize a dictionary to a string .
Start the salt syndic
Copy data from source to destination .
Get a list of tiles from a list of names .
Serialize input and return a cached result .
Run the main loop .
Return the gcc library arg .
Record a purchase .
Waits until the namespace is listening for a pidsinname namespace .
Parameterize a Python interpreter .
Convert a list of outputs into a single output .
This decorator is used to register a user in the current site .
Generate a key for a rule .
Get the filename of a window analysis file .
Convert funshion id to url
Get cflags .
Retrieves the expiration time of a subscription .
Create an alias .
Stop user notifications .
Setup the device .
Ensure a directory exists .
Import a document from a file .
Get all snapshots for a given host .
Upload an image attachment .
Parse a query string .
Validate a volume .
Given a segment and a segment and a list of segment indexes find the intersections of that segment .
Encode a message using 7 or 8bit .
Enable a sysv service
Deprecated .
Sanitize HTML code .
Get a SM volume .
Compare two tokens .
Check that all leaf labels are in the same tree .
Get the enabled provider .
Return the default appid .
Calculate the hinge loss .
Serialize a collection to JSON .
Test the visualization of the supervised model .
Get the default vector3 element from an element node .
Get all notification subscriptions .
Send OAuth GET request to the OAuth server .
Access a string key .
Add dictionaries to the dictionary .
Called when all containers are reloaded
Check if filename is a text file
Add points to a segment .
Get partitions from connectivity matrix .
Connect to a client .
Help on click .
Queue one or more instances
Ensure that the named package is removed
Raises an AssertionError if func is not a warning .
Return a list of column names .
Find the first prime and q
Convert string to int .
Fast version of get_legen .
Convert a user feed into JSON .
Return True if there is real S3 credentials
Return the number of frames between start and end .
Test if path exists in path .
Render the given http request and return the response .
Returns the target count for a given host .
Load a Python module from a file .
Return True if name is a global variable .
Test the completion for a given script .
update a table
Create a celery app for the given request .
Return a list of n winners for the given list of winners .
Encodes a taskexam and student input .
Return the configuration of the minion
Render the string to be rendered .
Get the build environment overrides .
Look for a string and return a tuple of the parameters .
Check if password regular expression is not set .
Yield instance profiles
Command - line wrapper .
Return a dot version of expr .
Update image properties .
Test that a fake status bar has the same height .
Return True if item is a container .
Wrapper for ceil . ceil . ceil . ceil
Resolve a value to a string .
Ensure that the minion is off .
Return a queryset of all the objects in the given model .
Handle the end of the application .
Determine whether the code should be recompiled .
Resume one hotnzbd .
Batch ndindex .
Copies the query options from the cursor to the cursor .
Add the given value at the given value to the pixmap .
Returns True if the configuration has changed .
Create a patchset from a filename .
Run a test unit .
Generate the keys for the minion
Return a function that checks the input and outputs for optimization .
Get a reader class by name .
Return information about given packages
Compute an exponential expression .
Add a certificate to a certificate
Create a group snapshot .
Detach a disk from a VM
Distill an xpdf file using the provided temporary file .
Add a page if any .
Return the config file path .
Test if the text has the identifier quotes .
Calculate the length of a polygon .
Execute a command on the root helper .
Continuous confidence interval .
Delete a task
Leave a transaction management .
Convert a BCD value to a decimal number .
Returns True if the user has access to the given role
Get configuration file .
Test the inverse operator .
Decode data from a file - like object .
Validate the initialization parameters for the shuffle split .
Get a feed .
Try to get the constructor of an object .
Decode a string .
Returns a list of key exchange algorithms supported by cryptography .
Execute the qemu command .
Render a profile .
Return the base64encode of an image
Lm of two lists .
Flip data to multiple axis .
Opens the state of the state file .
recursively imports a module into a modulelist
Remove all tasks that have changed .
Set attributes on an element node .
Rebuild the given structure .
Ensure that the index argument is valid .
Log in to the vm .
Format a message .
Write data to socket .
Return a list of files in the minion
Split an environment into a pair of paths .
Evaluate grouping on columns .
Load grammar files .
Parse a word into its index .
Create a temporary directory .
Redirect url to the given domain .
Create a table object .
Serialize an instance into a JSON - serializable object .
judge the importer
Parse archive header .
Calculate the Gammaln of a log - likelihood .
Execute SQLCipherext against sqlcipherext
Parse a niclass - encoded text file .
Load an image font
Change the working directory .
Download a tar archive to disk .
Delete tags from an instance
Test the paginated url
Handle a string type .
Authenticate against django . auth
Formats a playlist to a human readable string .
Get the short name of a module .
Return the rank of a string .
Return the number of runners running
Make indentation .
Disable pause on postprocessing .
Calculate the chpi of the decimator .
Raise an AssertionError if the given re matches a regex .
Split xml into chunks
Build a template template with the given root_dirs .
Multiply a tensor by zero - tangent .
Parses rules .
Load a timestamp from a string
Get the value of a cell .
Write output to a file .
Make the normal probability plot
Extract read information from a FASTA file .
Get the reason of a cluster or step .
Plot lines of vertices .
Load a private key from a buffer .
Return a sequence of email addresses .
Set the salt - minion configuration
Calculate the minimum interval of the input data .
Dispatch a POST request .
Ensures that the policy is shape .
Add an offset to the loop .
Get all cell data .
Return a function to connect to a dialect .
Test Fourier series .
Compute a triplet loss .
Solve a and b .
Update the docstring for the given docstring .
Returns HTTP date as a string .
Add crud_string to response .
Creates a command to install an addon .
Iterate over all spider classes in a module .
Dump the probes to a file .
Returns a list of non - private explanation summaries that are not private .
Try to find a library .
Perform validation on test validation .
Calculate a cupadiversity .
Extract a summary line from a docstring .
Get the disk bus for a given device type .
Check that all costs are nonlinear .
Load a template .
Returns a list of the events associated with a given indexer_id
Parses an XML string into an xmLElement .
Set the database dbms .
Parse the indentation of the given lines .
Update the given revision in the specified directory .
Plots visual detection of visdetections in image .
Convert a number to a hex string .
Run make files .
Return the indices of non - NA values in an array .
Draw a dendrogram onto the given image
Add a symbol to the LLVM .
Get a reference .
Called when a nick is received .
Fail if expr1 is not expr2 .
Attempt to restore a file from the minion
Return the number of entries in a zipfile .
Read ZSM float pairs from file and return as dict .
Insert text at cursor position .
Create a new grep widget .
Insert x into a list .
Set interactive mode .
Render a modal workflow and JS code .
Returns the level of the request .
Return True if url is from any of the given domains .
Build a structure for a directory structure .
Setup the device on the device .
Test the source space .
Prompt user for manual id .
Generator that yields trigrams from sequence .
Checks if a given language code is available for the given lang code .
Return a module s course info section .
Test if a string is in lexicographic notation .
Wrapper for masked_convpling functions .
Given a list of style dictionaries return a new style dict .
Ensure x is in exp_safe .
Turn a section name into a string .
Convert string to unicode .
Write graph g to file .
Ensure that the named service is present
Delete a parameter group .
Encode bytes .
Internal helper to handle arguments .
Run a parallel map of providers to provider .
Get lock for media list .
List installed packages
Return whether or not the write option should be written .
Initialize the minion configuration .
Run a command in a subprocess .
Takes a string and returns a list of Requests .
Commits current transaction .
Run thrift task .
Convert an IP address to a 4 byte integer .
Simple shor function
Return the virtualname of the minion
Format an option value .
Find system plugins .
Find all globals in a node .
Calculate the number of arc minutes .
Return a list of user partitions that have a scheme .
Creates a stub for a bigtable table admin .
Show information about a user .
Expand a grid function to expand gridsize .
Ensure that the node is subscribed to the given node .
Takes a cartesian product of an account and a cartesian product of the current account .
Return a boolean indicating whether the path exists .
Update a volume type .
Update the headers of a response object .
Sort a list of column names .
Open a response in a temporary file .
Execute a ftp put command .
Link to a user .
Get a permission message .
Iterate lexer classes .
Generate a unique identifier .
Sub - post - processing .
Creates a context manager that yields an initial scopes .
Return True if text is valid False otherwise .
Evaluate a function and return a result .
Read a bearer token from a file .
Update a port
Parse a type string .
Test that the given data is well - formed .
Parse string into timedelta .
Dump a certificate request as a string .
Compute the dot product of two matrices .
Creates a canvass controller .
Copy a local file to a remote location .
Get the model for the grains
Emit proxies from proxies
Generate user info data .
Fix relative links in document .
Entry point for the network module .
Load libzmq module .
Get a piece of text from a text file .
Checks if the given entity is mapped .
Prepare the installation of the Python executable .
Call CDL hangingman .
Download the given url to a file .
Resume a scheduled interval .
Returns a reversed changelog for upper bound_upper_changelog .
The function s type .
Return the type of an object .
Run the Wsgiapp application .
Destroy all quotas associated with a project .
Load the context of an ast . c . ctx object .
Checks if the given request is trusted
Test if the end of a line edit is on the bridge .
Check options and exit
Set the content of the response object to the given blob size .
Safely join paths .
Parse the options from the bond configuration .
Sanitize a filename .
Wrapper for httplib2 . minimize
Return a generator that yields all registered collections .
Generate a client loginauth token .
Generate a link to the parent document of a topic .
Return the hex encoded hex encoding of a string .
Disable warnings .
Retrieve an exception by name .
Returns True if the given list of course_module_list is valid .
Shortcut to call cdl shortline .
Emits the given greetee .
Find the index of the shortest path in path
Register all artifacts to the engine .
Return a Raisevent instance .
Remove trailing spaces from uri .
Get a list of IPv4 addresses .
Create a gemm optimizer .
Setup worker optimizers .
Generate a generation hash .
Add a value to a datetime .
Closes the library .
Fake a cluster on the server .
Add an HTTP date to the expiration date .
Check that the message extractors are valid .
Parse time_string into datetime object .
Send a response to the specified time slot .
Make a cdfrom histogram
Return a list of recommendations for a given list of brands .
Whether this type is a carbontk .
Get the name of a service module .
Use this method to send a JSON post message .
Find a file in the header directory .
Partition an iterable into two iterables .
Return a sanitized HTML id from an html id .
Dynamically import a module .
Crop a title to the given length .
Enable a server
Consume a decimal .
Processes media files .
Returns a dict with all the pointers pointed to by this node .
Upgrades the schema of the specified engine
Install the given app .
Return True if seq is sorted False otherwise .
Parse a range header .
Wrapper around render_to_response .
Apply a task to a task
Helper function to setup timers .
parse command line arguments
Test for 2D trapezoid .
Return a list of blobs
Iterate over image records .
Convert a canonical path to a canonical path .
Convert a string value to a string .
Apply provider facts to the facts
Format a file size .
Returns the number of nodes in graph g .
Add a non - empty XML subelement to the parent .
Creates a tag for the given object .
Correct the comparison results for comparison .
Return the number of hours per day .
Read an unsigned integer from a stream .
Launch the num_threads .
Determine whether an item is skipped .
Compute the power law of a complex order .
Return a list of dirents in buf .
hex encoding of bytes
Create a matplotlib figure .
Get the MD5 of a file .
Add a condition to a query .
This method is used to edit a custom method .
Get the total block counts for a course .
Load an HDF5 file into an HDF5 object .
Parses a PCI address into its components .
Returns the HTTP expire date .
Return True if all the elements in the list are conforms to the order of the elements in the
Get a binary representation of a bit value .
Convert a hdfs URI to a real path .
Generate a series of integrals .
Set the value of a Traffic Server configuration variable .
Return a list of users to remove new users from source .
Check to see if a composer is installed .
Split a filename into a tuple of strings .
Get preview plugin .
Prints a string representation of a frame .
Returns the sysmeta_prefix for the object .
Create index entities from results .
Get a list of day period names .
Return an iterator over the features in genbank .
Get the current working directory .
Execute a query against the database and return the result
Convert a region to a string .
Fill a list of strings .
Discretizes a center of x_range .
Merge the annotations between two strings .
Log ORM stats .
Get the SHA1 hash of a package .
Calculate the center of a band
Unregister a device .
Check for comment .
Return a list of dictionaries for the current window .
Return the timestamp of the given table .
Ensure that the context is closed .
Test if the given value is an instance of a defined type .
Single - step for aaaq step .
Convert an array to a categorical .
Encode a multipart upload as a multipart upload .
Return a tuple of color numbers for the given color string .
Get the crashinfo dir for a given host .
Generate a cache key .
Replace register numbers in flow params .
Initialize the glance store .
Test if a scenario matches the hash of the sentence .
Generate a generator for correlated normal distribution .
Normalize a locale .
Find the previous keyword in a SQL statement .
Decorator for profiling memory .
Determine the filename of a release .
Get command line arguments .
Calculate a count using the maib
Find indentation level .
Update a Namespace record .
Calculate the per - log stats for drop_logs .
Return a tuple of gui and backend .
Get QQime temporary directory .
Create a replication group .
Setup the state .
Set the Android Media Player Context .
Wrapper for runcmd .
Union of mutnodes .
Test whether package should be installed .
Check if an object has a given method .
Returns human readable time string from time_msec
Render current block .
Show shopping products .
Get the changes from the request
Returns the maximum number of slots in the virtual machine .
Return a list of all clients .
Get a ripped text from a text file .
Test flattening layer for convolution layer .
Return information about the current distro release .
Run the adm command .
Calls the given exception with the given exception .
Build a URL with given parameters .
get childelements by localname
Update a host .
Remove initial data from apps .
Prepare a bare error message .
Attempt to assign attributes to the object .
Ensure that text is matched by the backward delete character .
Convert a number to a Julian date .
Load meta data from metasync module .
Apply an attribute filter to an object .
Get the name of the user and the group for the minion .
Returns the mode to use for the daemon .
Return a dict with zmq enums .
Dummy indexing for numpy arrays .
Roll a vector onto a vector .
Fetch a file from a URL .
Set the urlconf value
Fixes filenames from frame records .
Encode a mirror URL with the given scheme .
Returns an arg scope for lenet arg_scope .
return rst file
Format a job instance into a dictionary
Split a string into unquoted newlines .
Replace novel deltas with non - novel deltas .
Recursively walk through a revision control file .
Convert lat to zone zone number
Retrieves a virtual interface by its address .
Get a boolean value from a dictionary .
Get activities that follow a given user .
Connect to cloudhsm .
Extracts extrududefiles from a list of filenames .
Return the similarity score of two objects .
Run a test suite .
Returns a formatted date string
Remove universal flags from a config dictionary .
View for the post .
Run a setup script in a temporary directory .
Run ansible module .
Highlight a list of faces .
Return a list of national numbers from a number .
Implementation of the scpcreate method .
Returns a random tweet .
Decorator to wrap a function into a defer .
Get the current window size and rows .
Concatenate multiple strings together .
Turn the light on the given x y values .
Get active config key .
List incidents .
Changes the status of an activity .
Lift the list of repositories from the root .
Get all the albums with the given id .
Get audit info from a request .
Get cluster manager .
Mount cgroups in cgroups
Save a model to liblinear .
Read a cached file from disk .
Detect the supported devices .
Plot the state of the evoked field .
Load media library .
Set video aspect ratio .
Attempt to fix sys . stdout on Windows .
Check if a path has been added .
Get the amount of space used by the log file .
Returns true if the given header name is a hop by hop .
Return a list of numbers that are greater than zero .
Returns the value of the given variable in the given fn .
Convert a value to a bytes string .
Build a dictionary of configuration variables from the global variables .
Get a new repository .
Get a dictionary of signal names .
Postfix postfix .
Add a variable to the makeconf
Read in piped input .
Test if HSL is valid .
Groups the order in a list .
Combine two variables .
Converts a string representation of a number to a human - readable number .
Write output to a file .
Return a filename with the given suffix .
Return a list of available images
Create a local optimizer for GPU evaluation .
Returns a scanner for the given domain .
Check if a path is absent
Set width property to width .
Return a nmanotification service .
Get all known settings .
Get item tolerance for item_code .
Start a web server .
Get the version number from the given package .
Return the URL for a static file .
Test if a histogram is buffered .
Update a security group .
A Fibonacci function .
Recursively resolve all PDF objects recursively .
Compute ridge penalty gradient .
Get the working directory of a process .
Check if geometry is valid .
Checks that the application is valid .
Create a ConfigParser object from a config file .
Create a key for the location of a particular run .
Get a range from a to b .
Escape a given string .
Says the given trigger .
Handle the application unproced .
Get a timestamp from a URL .
Returns a list of all active vms
Assert that all the values are equal .
Create a group snapshot .
Add the cache key suffix to the request .
Get the long description
Register a profile function .
Create a numpy . eye .
Dmpo_quo_ground_ground .
Takes a payload and returns a new string with the given length .
Fit an image to the given width and height .
Save facts to a localhift file .
Get the virtual machine name .
Return a badge for a course .
Iterate the tracebacks in the given logdir .
Get the abstract for a section .
Display an image using the given buffer .
Yields chunks of the given iterable .
Return the phrase text at the head of the head .
Returns a boolean indicating whether the value is greater than the given value .
Convert a form into a JSON - serializable form .
Check to see if a cache subnet group exists .
Run all migrations in the config file .
Generate random slices from a shape .
Parse M3U data .
Test if changed languages are changed .
Compute the error of the cross - correlation function .
Return raw argument as a dict .
Check that the weights are valid .
Compute the zipline path .
Parse a response from a file .
Convert numpy to float .
Get the URL to delete a comment .
Generate verbose expression for a field .
Convert date to string .
Execute the apf command
List ps info .
Delete an option group .
Run a wav play .
Add a path to a request .
Disconnect from the server .
Returns a list of files that match the given addon GUIDs .
Reconstruct a URL .
Raises an AssertionError if the output does not contain text .
Parse an object id from a collection .
Test for curvelinear .
Returns a list of all aircraft
Ensure that the CIRs are inital coordinates .
Checks that the mean and variance are equal .
Create a terminal writer .
Return True if obj has parent .
Plot a series of t - values .
Remove common indentation from a list of lines .
Update provider location .
Return a reference to a container
Load a library .
Generate a list of images .
Create a response object with given headers and status code .
Track the certificate events for the given user .
Return a boolean indicating whether the given string matches the given position .
Generate a release .
Register a registration form .
Get the output of gcode .
Batch route .
Save description .
Handle the error message and return a formatted string .
Get metrics for a particular locale .
Send output to the socket .
Calculate AnOVA for one - way .
Checks if the capacity of a unit is available .
Test that the ATICQD is atcii .
Get qos specifications for a volume type .
Cancel all apiproxy calls .
Compute the number of windows of length m on the given size m .
Update the super navigation box .
Delete all files in a rc_object .
Get all widgets .
Determine if the environment is in Google App Engine .
Calculate mutualincoherence .
Expect warnings .
Get the metadata of a PDB file .
Convert string to int .
Prints the ACL of a bucket .
Return a default router .
Add a null handler to the root logger .
Return a request to match the match
Wrap a docstring for debugging .
Search a sequence of elements in a sequence .
Create a base cipher for a given key .
Raise a translated exception .
Yields a tuple containing two logical line strings .
Returns a list of portal providers for the provider
Create an embedding image for the given model .
Return the number of ports in a port .
Return a unique id counter .
Convert cfarray to python list .
get the tetragridr of an element node
Translate a long option .
Run multiple tests .
Determines the base class based on the given bases .
Get a volume type .
Push a new commit .
Route a resource to a resource .
Convert sys . flags to sys . flags .
Replace the package data paths in a package .
Restart the named VM
Return a tuple representing a connection and a url
Return a precessing matrix for the J2000 capitaine .
Get quota list for a project .
Return a copy of d1 and d2 in d2
Apply filter attenuation .
Simplify the fgraph to minimize the optimization .
Join a list of strings .
Create a tf . Tensor5 type .
Compute the kinetic energy of a velocity vector .
Return the intersection of two lists .
Profile a function using cprofile .
Convert an array to a given dtype .
Get a unique key for a matrix row and column .
Return the validator function for the given protocol .
Apply a mapping to a element .
Return a list of all available environments
Return True if stdin is ready to be ready .
Delete all folders in a folder
Normalize a locale .
Multiply a 2 - dimensional Fourier transform by multiplying x .
Returns a dictionary with the keys of the given object .
Determines if a module should be skipped .
Create a file client
Compress a KML file .
Connects a user in a group
Return a boolean indicating whether the system is virtual
Formats the given datetime .
Returns True if the object is a toolload error .
Convert a list of field values to a list of addresses .
Compare languages in a list
Load the set of censors from the given data .
Generate roots and weights for a function .
Zips the given iterable into a zipped list .
Test the model extension .
A context manager for nested managers .
Write the output to the specified port .
Convert EC2 id to an integer .
Set the URL for the site .
Apply a function to each group of match .
Execute the tests reset .
Entry point for the main function .
Leave the transaction management .
get gcodetext from gcodetext
Test if a rectangle is small .
Evaluate the given domains .
Upload an object to a container .
Create a directory if it doesn t exist .
Raise ValueError if keypoints are not supported .
Wrapper for os . popen
Validate all actions in target dictionary .
Return a product of the given shape .
Write a newline to the event buffer .
Return a json string containing the xmodule javascript files
XOR a buffer with the given key .
Split a string into a list of lines .
Truncate a string to a given length .
Convert a string to unicode .
Convert a location into a URL .
Helper function to determine if the sgemv needs to be used .
Generate a texinfo diagram for the given node .
Return the difference between two images .
Get the comment list .
Get a User instance for the given scope .
Strips HTML tags from a string .
Runs git hook .
Return a tuple of strings representing the virtual machine .
Route a request to the database .
Convert a lookup expression into a human - readable string .
Compare two dictionaries .
Return the first directory in path .
Volume_attach .
Returns a list of vertex indexes that are not unique
List available interfaces .
Get the class of an object .
Get the method for a method
Helper function to solve an absolute value .
Checks the function to see if the application is running .
Show a yes no answer
Get limit parameter from request .
Convert the HTTP response to a dictionary .
git pull
Get the number of available CTIDs
Wraps an sslsocket . Simpleslsocket .
Record the user logged in .
Parse the amount of bytes in the queue .
Test that all numbers are equal .
Run migrations on offline plugins .
Returns the user - wide preferences for the specified user .
Convert latex to latex
Returns a list of the available OSP modules .
This function is used to checkout a customer with the given order .
Reset permissions for a doctype .
Evaluate for an annotation .
Return True if value is a simple type .
Scale the given image .
Log query count .
Convert a list of tuples into a single block .
Compute the ADI of an ID matrix .
Return the template id of a template
Returns the remote ip address of the request .
Send a query to the server .
Get the user s home directory .
Return a hash of conda packages .
Return True if filename is a text file .
Returns the current view
returns true if point is close to end in loop
Convert an integer to a long integer .
Validate arguments against lowercase .
Function to truncate fasta sequences .
Check for whitespace spacing between lines .
Common part of the ldap initialization .
Check if CLI interface exists .
Decorator to retrieve the version information from pkgin
Setup devices for the device .
Convert unicode to unicode .
Compute the selfsimilarity matrix of the given feature vectors .
Return a string representation of a given number .
Pickle a sequence of bytes .
Returns True if the request has the given permission .
Recursively iterate through a dictionary recursively .
Get a list of Sailthruthru .
Run the test packages .
Assert that two labels are consistent
Get the dipy version .
Return the MD5 hash of a word .
Recursively get all mro for a given class .
Test how many times a new customer has changed .
Setup the device .
Remove slashes from a string .
Return a boolean indicating whether the system is virtual
Write trimpoint to the given sff directory .
Create an annotation table .
Removes access to a volume type .
Template tag that renders a specific persona .
Create a Firewall .
Read a nullary file without formatting it .
Encrypt data using OHDave - shaave .
Create a fake kqueue .
Test that no header data has no header .
Delete metadata for a volume .
Parse a circuit entry and return its fingerprint and nickname .
Concatenate a list of tuples into a tuple .
Increase the retention period of a stream .
Parse a RFC822 date string .
Get active website users .
Split a string into a list of strings .
Wrap a series of Tensors to the output .
Get a revision label for a changeset .
Return a relative path to a relativee
Decode a timestamp from a string .
Checks if the given path is hidden .
Execute a ps command .
Compare the w . r . w . r . w . r . w . r . r .
Return the status of a job
Create enum enumerator .
Add a modification command to a repository .
Return a boolean indicating whether this VM is virtual .
Physical Information .
Build correct answer
Returns a tuple of strings representing the virtual machine .
Check that the bitmap is valid .
Create a list of tiles for the given tiles size .
Generate NTLK demo code .
Return True if the given locale is available .
Strips the site theme path from the given uri .
Download a working copy of the source .
Compare two lists of tokens .
Check that the fill value is a numpy array .
Get a piece of Shakespeare text .
Read 4 bytes from f .
Return a list of pkg ids from pkginfo file
Get the filename of makefile .
Test the two active items .
Generate a random integer id .
Test that all file system entries are equal .
Find the approximate position in the sky coordinates .
Escape a string .
Given a subnet ID describe its properties .
Ensure that the given distance is in km .
Format the date axis for the date axis .
Train the model on the network .
Encode a set of values .
Return True if obj is a nltk . tree .
Test DHCP options .
Test whether two gcrs are the same .
Convert an attribute name to a local friendly name .
Escape a script .
Get a new repository .
Extract a member from a zipfile .
Compute tf - idf - f function
Get raw data
Registers a formatter as a function .
Parse tagged sentences .
Convert a context dictionary into a string .
Get a class from a class path .
Parses the locks .
Wrapper around outer join .
If no testtools skip decorator .
List the user s members .
Return a tuple of inputs and outputs for a trigger .
Toggle a skill subscription .
Get my sensors notification .
Test if rfill is simple .
Get a list of node ids
Validate a bucket name .
Test for pendulum .
Helper function to get an entity group from a reference .
Adds a weight regularizer to a variable .
Create a new shape of a Tensor with the given length .
Return True if the current machine is an X64 architecture .
Test phase - slope .
Register a callback to be called when the app completes .
Generate and return a base64 - encoded cookie
Executor for globus stats command
Check the validity of a vtkey and vtkey
Print unicode to stdout .
Return a random orthogonal orthogonal vector .
Return a copy of a dictionary of keys .
Convert a path to a file system encoding .
Perform a permutation test on a model .
Update a POSIX file .
A context manager that ensures that the database is not in the given database .
Attempt to open apty - ppty socket .
Test if a command is not installed .
Test that the world should be emitted .
Checks if the user can delete a dictionary .
Convert an argument to a URI .
Check if refname is valid
Return a list of worker entries for a group .
Make a histogram from a list of values .
Convert a number to an integer .
Create a genericscript class .
Whether the system is virtual
Normalize a dictionary .
Intersect two trust region .
Expand variables in path .
Test the condition of an iterable to create an iterable .
Parse a GFF attribute string into a dictionary .
Restore a backup
Generate the URLs for a given resource .
Sort a dictionary by its value .
Make the daily promotions .
Parse the lib and return a dictionary of strings .
Get the parts of a frag .
Test whether rows are masked .
Bootstraps the given data using n - dimensional sampling .
Convert an index to one value .
Create a dashboard .
Convert value to integer .
Fit a Numa instance on the host cell on the host .
Runs the test magic on the ipython notebook .
Start a worker thread .
Static static function .
Check if two variables are the same .
Sample error handler .
Get a list of all request states .
Calculate the CRC32 of a string .
Returns the number of available types for the given module and version .
Return a list of all nictags
Flatten a list of dictionaries .
Pretty - print a course .
Load a template tag .
Calculate the standard deviation .
Perform a HTTP PUT request .
Perform an approval on a given token .
Check if x is an int - like object .
Calculate the pairwise alignment and probability for each pair .
Ensure text is unicode .
Convert a python list to a python list .
Return a queryset of entries published in the given queryset .
Reset all loaded packages .
Returns a rendered HTML response .
Validate repowebow .
Get latest episode .
Convert x to a sequence .
Test for an ica .
Return a formatted representation of a struct .
Return a list of stories .
Get abi tag .
List all floating IPs
Saturate a color .
Get the method for a given resource
Create a prefix notification from a outgoing message .
Print a command to the console .
Return a return message
Get a memorymap for a given object .
Load a subclass of the given platform .
Convert a string to a br .
Remove a file or directory
Creates a temporary barrier .
Get the IP from a request .
Return the status of a service
Handle a variable declaration .
Return the maximum length of the given service names .
Configure a BGP configuration on a network .
Tries to import the importlib module .
Test multiprocessing .
Kill image metadata .
Register a function to be called when the event is modified .
Create a load balancer policy .
Handles listing requests .
Get the geometry output of a geometry output .
Describe a data object .
Compute a timedelta sign .
Convert a string to a long integer .
Return datastore type for app .
Perform block average over x and y .
Write out a JSON file to a file .
Return a list of resource pools for this VMware environment
Find the type of a given subscription .
Injects the content of a httpresp into the response .
Calculate HMAC - SHA - 64 - encoded HMAC .
Iterate over the color groups in a dictionary .
Cache the return value of the minion
Register a simple tag to be used as a tag .
Return True if the group has any volumes attached to this group .
Get the storage engine .
Safely get a design document .
Aggregate a list of items .
Can be used to ban users .
Translate a string to its equivalent representation .
Register packets to peer .
Rename transcripts .
Return a list of models for the given app_labels .
Wait for a reply .
Clean the name for IAM .
Return True if path is a reparse point .
Calculate the MD5 hash of a password .
Test for error logging .
Get all available remote methods .
Return a tuple of IP address and date information .
Refresh the policy .
Add a slave slave to a zone .
Test the Dcos API .
Return a list of items from iter .
Make a valuation .
Checks for empty list .
Split a string into a list of words .
Render a list of pages .
Collect column columns .
Raise an untested error .
Calculate the bridge angle between two loops .
Execute a process on a device .
Compare the string representation of the estimated string .
Load collection from configuration .
Determine the deauth packet of monchannel .
Utility function to run the Whois command .
Creates a list of tool dependencies .
Log info about the given infos .
Initialize flowgram file .
Calculate the age of a given date .
Create a shabloom file .
Determine whether this module is virtual .
Convert an expression into a list of statements .
Return True if value is less than arg .
Export Databook to a file .
Get the usage information for a specific device .
Return a string representation of an expression .
Register django . lang .
Convert data to unsigned integers .
Checks that the text output contains text .
Get an element node by its key .
Context manager for temporarily creating a context manager .
Delete an object from the cloud
Check to see if two objects are close to num_seconds .
Plot unit points .
Parse a list of host names from a string
Get a retention policy by name .
Check if the backend configuration is configured .
Parses a 227 message and returns the host and port .
Start a VM
Check that the fields are valid .
Test if the json suffix is valid .
Return a diff between two pipeline definitions .
Get the absolute path to an object .
Calculate gcode distance from gcodec . gcode
Read styles from a style directory .
Return the product of the given factors .
Return a list of media from a media file .
Calculate peak detection at time t .
Return a list of objects that match regex .
Return information about an image
Generate CRC16 table .
Indent a string .
Displays a semantictable table .
Do a command .
Authenticates the user if the user has access to the course .
Display the Django settings .
Get the tag name of a node
Get the HEAD of a file .
Stub an ilink if it exists .
Benchmark R7 .
Execute a command and raise a CalledprocessError .
Collapse line breaks .
Compute the cross entropy of the sparse matrix .
returns a docstring for work by id
Embeddoss function .
Updates the file at path .
Open a TLS client .
Compute the asquare - squared value of cdf values .
Delete a configuration value
Create ponymiddleware .
Build request type .
Get barcode from current sequence .
Validate the update of a user .
Open a file - like object .
Create a cache cluster .
Checks if the number is nullable .
Convert integer to a symbol
Remove directories from a blacklist .
Generate a list of statements .
Create a token store .
Perform a vector multiplication .
Generate random string .
Log nagformatted result .
Commit changes to the database .
Generate a md5 hash of a resource .
Create a new channel .
Create a command - line command .
Converts a serializable field into a serializable representation .
Find the utmp .
Get hashes of changed changeset revisions
Recursively get all attributes of an object .
Compute the eigenvalue of an adjacency matrix .
Calculate the Wangler - Ryz factorization .
Generate a stream of changes from a namespace .
Create a lcf_graph from a graph .
Close the connection to the database .
Determine the number of sockets for the given addr_space .
Return the intersection of two sets .
Convert forward orientation to fixed orientation .
Wrap a value to a smaller value .
Import a library from XML
Returns the name of the desired package .
Convert one or more url to a redirect .
Get a dictionary from backend .
Return a tuple of strings representing the virtual machine .
Statusenquiry .
Test that the lexical line counts are in lexicographical .
Return the grains
Provides a REST controller for an education level REST controller .
Locate the adspath of the given description .
Convert the given object to a JSON string .
Delete a file
Return a list of preconditions .
Constructor for scipy . sparse . scipy . scipy . sparse . sparse
Actual multiplication of expression p .
Test the points of the quartiles .
Clean the given key and value from the given key .
Get the text for the given object .
Installs flocker on all nodes .
Stop the process when the process is started .
Raises an AssertionError if first is not an object .
Delete an object from the database .
URLencode a list of values .
Invalidate the cache for the given driver .
Get a list of all available regions .
Return the header of a column .
Compute the entropy of an array .
Assign assignment to statement .
Apply dedentation to the given nodetext .
Register a bundle .
Return the hash of x .
Match a TSV file .
Reset user password .
Find consecutive values in an array .
Attempt to guess a string from a string .
Fake run_horcm manager .
Return True if elem is at the start of elem .
Get the license IDs for the package revision .
Setup a colormap .
Helper function to create summary .
Return a detail view of a category .
Decorator to register a volume .
Find the start and end positions of a score matrix .
URLquote a url
Run the win - process .
Test if a failed download is found .
Compute an exponential exponent .
Updates the value of the named key in the minion
Print error message .
Returns true if the media is parsed .
Test if the raw data is equal to the matrix .
Unpack a link into a location .
Creates a text message
Filter by the latest version of the latest version of the changeset .
Parse a URL .
Compute the GIT for a GIT problem .
Update a resource in a zone .
Convert an API resource record to a resource record set .
Return a boolean indicating whether the system is virtual
Delete all existing dag_instances from the database .
Return the frontend url
Implementation of plot_tfrshow_traction .
Check if course has prerequisites .
Get attribute from a device pointer .
Test for make_inverse_operator .
Get a list of processes .
Convert string to snake_case
Get the JSON response from the response .
get intersection of xintersectionstables
Insert an axis into the given stride .
Return a list of project names .
Return True if entry_1 is the same as entry_2 .
This method is called when the callback is called .
Indicate input data .
Returns the current current theme .
Get a list of keys from a key .
Get scheduler events associated with a given event .
Returns a list of all enabled services .
Runs the main function .
Raise ValueError if field_name is not in data_fields
Format the generated configuration header .
Fetches the toolshed version information from the registry .
Parses a cap gis location XML into a WKT record .
A helper function to connect to a TCP connection .
Get a template s information .
Paging request type .
return the version filename
Export a databook .
Get the schema for the action s parameters .
Estimate the log - likelihood from the given weights .
Test if follow import imports are complete .
Return the state of a node .
Format a device .
Format HTTP informations .
Get the MD5 of a file .
Get application id from environment variable .
Detach a zone from a zone
Encrypt data .
List storage accounts .
Test to see if a toplevel meta table is invalid .
Create a symlink from source to destination .
Return a random integer .
Check if the number of jobs is valid .
Read a link file .
Get capture loglevel .
Parse a list of keys and values into a dict .
load tvshows from database
Check the contents of a git repository .
Get the number of wait wait for a message .
Wrapper for mkdirlock . mkdirlock . mkdir .
Add a schema entry to the given model type .
Generate a function that converts unicode strings to str .
Convert date to datetime .
Apply a transformation to a center matrix .
Run a test job .
Find a resource by name or name .
Evaluate the eigenvalue of the memory .
Return whether or not the environment should be logged in .
Ensure that value is less than max_len .
Force a value to be used as a string .
Convert a list of tracks to a pair of strings .
Register a klass .
Convert a date string into a datetime object .
Format an IPv6 address in a format compatible with IPv6 .
Parse assignment metadata .
Check if a request host is present in the whitelist
Delete a user from the database .
Display the welcome page .
Returns True if the minion is virtual
Register a canonicalized version of the canonicalize function .
Get the last argument by reference .
Generate translation for item .
Return True if g is a threshold graph .
Get the account id from the trail .
Calculate CDL entries .
Assert that the given event meets the protocol protocol .
Updates the VMX path to the virtual machine .
Return a list of all static units
Convert a schema to a dictionary .
Force exit of an event .
Calculate an iono .
Context manager for suspend_edits .
Parse struct or union .
Create a ctypes array from a pointer .
Build a filter query from a number of documents .
Get allocation controller .
Generate a dictionary of URL parameters from a dictionary .
Process the xmodule assets
Takes a dictionary of strings representing a machine dict and converts it into a human readable string .
Print an error message and exit .
Returns True if device is mounted .
Return the virtualname of the minion
Returns True if a segment is in an intersection of xintersection .
Lists available languages .
Convert rads to rads
Convert a literal into a literal .
Generate a URL for an evidence URL .
Test if keyhint is valid .
set p to zero
Scale a value .
Shared ids for the current request
View a user s detail .
Create a cellis rule
Recursively get all pythondirectories in a directory .
Builds a schema for a given model class .
Remove aacket from a container .
Convert value to float .
Return a list of nodes select the selected nodes
Generate samples from a mixture of weights .
View to check that the user is logged in .
Verify code .
Set definition type .
Group of flaskbbb groups .
Internal identity response .
Resolves a reference to an object .
Register the user to the user .
Safely validate a config file .
Use biffh to read a file .
Install pgi as a pgi repository .
Returns a Deferred that will fail the given result .
Deletes the instance_info cache .
Print equality preds .
List available repos .
Get doctests .
Fetch a value from config .
Get a boolean value .
Anonymize the mac .
Formats a set of arguments into a string .
Returns True if the system state has changed .
Redirect to the root page .
Convert a mobius field to an interval tuple .
Require a login page .
Test a 3D cross product .
Get support email address .
Parse a RFC822 date string .
Return ISO 8601 representation of datetime .
Compute the threshold based on the variance of the data .
Read rle file .
Get the compute node information for a host and its nodename .
Evaluate the category links using custom categories .
Sorts a string and returns a list of integers .
Set the power state .
Close cover tilt .
Extract parameter pairs from a list of parameters .
Convert a value to an integer .
Get the file name of an object .
Return a list of table names for all images
Upscaling an image .
Calculate the level of a polynomial .
Concatenate multiple XML files .
Iterate over a channel - wise check function .
Daemonize a string if it exists .
Add a protocol command to the protocol .
Return an iterator of auditlog entries .
Check that all modules are in the module completion .
Get metadata from system metadata
Stop the minion
Print information about a specific job
Starts a new thread in a separate thread .
Get a port from the device .
Sleep for a given duration .
Calculate the temperature of the get average .
Return the thickness of an element node .
Test the powerwell API .
Ensure that the given URL is a yes or not .
Returns a list of naughty strings .
Creates a client to cloud block storage .
Convert datetime to ordinal float .
Ensure that PyPI is a valid Python pi .
Server error handler
Create a list of categories from a sequence of bits .
Return the filename for a lineagename .
Return an iterator over all available collectors .
Returns the number of running GPUs .
Return a list of paths to plugin packages .
Show nesting exception view .
Write a 32 - bit 128 - bit 128 - bit float to a FFT file .
Expand a list of columns into a list .
Test the test on the n - nearest neighbors .
Check to see if a topic exists .
Batch sort the input iterator .
Get the commit_id of the given commit_id .
Find the release date source for a given content block .
Get a connection to the mail backend .
Get the seed of the stack .
Test a schema check in a requirements file .
Require a thread to delete a thread .
Tries to send a remote delete draft on the server
Run a test suite .
Insert rows into the database .
Get the current viewport position .
Update the port with the MAC address .
Generate a salt .
Read directory changes .
Test that the step schedule is equal to target .
Check if an image exists .
Parse a module and return a Module object .
Raise the given arguments .
Convert a version string into a list of integers .
Template tag to add a custom addon .
Temporarily hide the attributes of an object .
Acquire a lock .
Init the terrain module .
Create a studio task .
Return a sequence of attachments .
This function will be called when a resource is opened .
Return the xobj representation of a symbol .
Returns True if confirm_time is a confirmation cookie False otherwise .
Loop forever sending messages .
Install one or more packages .
Test for setuptools .
Note that we don t want to skip if we want to do anything .
Scan a directory and return a list of videos .
Get the total volume of an inv item .
Print all queries .
Return a list of ground positions for a ground state .
Decorator for registering a file in the context .
Test that a scenario contains inline comments .
Get the human resource controller .
Search for a known filename in the given appname .
Convert an address into an integer .
Create a temporary directory for testing .
Get the parents of the given items .
Get a list of datasets that follow a user .
Add a variable to the tensor .
Print a logo .
Split the host and return the host and port .
Clone the repo
Split the provisioner value into its components and version .
helper function to replace a policy file in a policy file
Return a pair of tokens that match the given bracket .
Lists teams .
Current person s note .
Returns the current privileges for the current process token .
Set the default CORS settings for the CORS module .
Yields all files with suffix ending in base_path .
Print the weights of a given model .
Convert naive timestamp to UTC .
Return the cohort settings .
Write extrududetext to file .
Creates a batch notification listener .
Add a classifier layer to a net .
Compare the prefix of the table .
Checks if the given view is a list view .
Test that the gemini database is installed .
Expect missing values .
Calculate the number of balls of a ball .
Helper function to make 2d arrays of 2d arrays
Get a list of values from a list of keys .
A simple wrapper around pytest . mark . mark_array .
Asserts that the response contains the given status code and body .
Unescape a string .
This function is called when the libc extension is called .
Find and install a virtualenv .
Test that the eigenvectors are of the same type .
Remove all refct calls from a function func .
Add checksums to the body .
A function that parses a string and applies a function to it .
Try to get a urlopen request and return a tuple with the urlopen and a tuple of the
Run a docker pull command .
Check that the ensure_list_csv is correctly formatted .
Print message and stop reactor .
Create a VBD .
Remove pre_mods from pre_mods .
Comparison function for two date objects .
Create a function that attempts to parse a path .
Convert a doc_id to a JSON string .
Ensure that the named host is absent
Recursively merge files in src to dst
Test that the description is on a long named name .
Search for a registered package in the registry .
Updates the current universe .
Return the endian of a given type .
Calculate the nearest neighbor along given axis .
Print confusion matrix .
Convert a list of items to a dictionary .
Get a list of all EIP addresses matching the allocation_ids .
Serialize a function into a string .
Unpack all the bits in the given array into a numpy array .
Return a blankline .
Send a message to a topic .
Destroy an instance
Read a config file and return it as a dictionary .
Extend a salt - install extension
Overrides the decorator to hold the lock .
Group messages by objects into groups .
Return a shorter version of string .
Get the closest distance to a point in the loop .
Get indent word .
Convert a datetime object to a timestamp .
Get feature selection .
Return a list of all floating IPs
Add debug information to the context .
Return True if addr is in IPv6 .
Get OAuth settings .
Add a user .
Combine whitespace with whitespace .
Internal function for uniform jitter .
Returns True if the system is frozen False otherwise .
Build everything .
Create a calibration matrix
Calculate the rank of each group
Entry point for the script .
Calculate the log - likelihood .
Test if the given vocabulary is less than the given probability .
Import data from a CSV file .
Normalize value to lowercase .
Returns a test suite .
Extend the command line extensions .
Render a template to a string
Return a list of library dirs .
Build an UDP packet .
Swap two matlists .
Print progress by string .
Set internal error .
Lower a square matrix .
Returns a concatenated list of originallists
Return object info .
Check if l is a list .
Kills a coroutine function .
Compute the union of a node .
Fetch inactive IDs from APNS .
Check if the key is expired .
Validate a config dict .
Get a list of all directories in a given path .
Send a verification email when the instance has been contacted .
Start a gluster volume
Returns phone count .
Remove the Python pyo file if it exists .
Test if the search argument is missing .
Resolve a document .
Initialize param module .
Log an exception .
Set decompiler .
Yields localized strings .
Test the ratio of two random numbers
Load the configuration from the user .
Convert a list of bytes to an integer .
Parse update rules .
Compute the log - density of the log - likelihood at x .
extract a file to dir
Returns a string describing the output of an operation
Return True if the argument is a fakevim module .
Return True if atrun is enabled .
Returns a list of subpackages of the given name .
Get username for user .
Context manager that runs a test on the test .
Return True if value is a valid IMDB person ID .
Test that uuid is valid .
Get an access token from the provided code .
Calculate the number of bins in a set of bins .
Set the expireat of a key
Render a template to a file .
Verify that a certificate is valid .
Test that random samples are repeated .
Return the intersection of two triangles .
Install a custom readline hook .
Try to open an IPv6 socket .
Open a connection to a host .
Create a WSGI application .
Bulk build a package
Find and load a module .
Parse a list of RGB values .
Clean a groupname .
Create a disk from a Linode instance .
Calculates the probability of the probability of the given observation .
Ensure that the named dashboard is absent
Return a canvas .
Initializes a test suite .
Return the SHA - 512 hash of a word .
Prepend www to a URL .
Returns a list of rows with the given field_name .
Return a list of all directories in the theme directory .
Return the literal value as a string .
Create a keyhint
Create a heavy job element .
Returns the uplink portgroup of the given portgroup .
Get the parent module .
Verify that a bucket is writable .
Register python file extensions
Convert x to unicode
Check if a URL is a valid scheme .
Set the content of a string .
Summarize activations .
Returns a dictionary of SNIC statistics for the network .
Determine the value to use .
Find an absolute number by indexer_id .
Test the initialization of the OsidPool .
Returns true if the given method is a static method .
Initialize a game s gamestate .
Callback for the Genclient callback .
Configures a click command .
Entry point for the WSGI application .
Remove prefix from device name .
Return a list of nameservers .
Convert an IPv6 address into a string in IPv6 format .
Get a query for a session .
Sort a list of records .
Create a directory tree .
Return a string representation of the tree .
List all container info
Get instance name .
Register command line interface .
Return an ARN for the given name .
Set media position .
Returns a dummy VM create spec .
Load statsprobs from memcache .
Extracts connection from urllib3 .
Interpolate x and y to new_x .
Return True if the graph is an independent set .
Get the bitmap of a layer at the specified coord .
Return the vn_id of a VM
Require financialistance header .
Remove a site from the system .
Get the semver version number from a version string .
Return the status of the minion
Parse version string into tuple .
Multiply two datashapes .
Test code .
Converts a web attack vector to an HTTP attack vector .
Compute regularization .
Execute a query against a url
Ensure that the named index template is absent .
Create a Qpalette
Run a linkcheck check .
Evaluate the given string and display it .
Returns True if the type is a xquartz type .
Parse group gid .
Returns True if the current environment is standard .
Register the maker .
Return the snapper pre
Get cpu count .
Test for consistency .
Write contents to a file .
Ensure all numpy arrays are at least one dimension .
Run command and return its output .
Test command line interface .
View for a task_time slot .
Test that allknn - fit is run on allknn .
Returns the size of a file in bytes .
Provides access to the subscription controller .
Find an executable in the current working directory .
Given a set of harrisim and a set of harrisim values return a list of all
Encode a topo topo image into a numpy array .
Dump data to a pickle file .
Set basic log level .
Validate device and partition .
Return a list of urls to use for messaging .
Truncate an alert .
Try to find a gdb binary .
Convert 7l7777m77m to 32 - bit unsigned integers .
Return a list of dictionaries from a list .
Returns the RAR version number .
Reverse the reverse of the given view .
Redirect to a given location .
Validate scenario .
Authorize staff member .
Set the load strategy for loading relationships .
Enter XML in question .
Generate a static icon .
Builds the SQL flush statement .
Uploads an image using Optimized version .
Loop over time .
Invert a quaternion transform .
Generate targets from a source file .
Entry point for Xen API .
Handler for twitter inbound inbox .
Get a list of all users in the account .
Destroy a VM
Test if the file has no header .
Return True if w is a weight matrix .
Returns True if obj is in nested_list
Prints a command line .
Convert name and value to BSON document .
Check if user is logged in
Parse a response body into a dictionary .
Validate that value is read preference .
Execute a plugin on the system
Check that the fit is a 2D estimator .
Attempt to load the ldconfig from the command line
Comparison function .
Make a slug from a name .
Parse version string .
Get virtual machine name .
Return a list of items that intersect with comparelist .
View a document as JSON .
Imports a module by name .
Return a list of the primary key names of a model .
MODIFY packet .
Swap hostname with host_addr .
Execute the qemu command .
Returns a matrix that contains the difference between two dimensions .
Get a list of domains from a certificate .
Check if a symlink owns a symlink .
define all configured servers
Returns the number of physical cpu cores .
Setup the platform .
Reopen the specified storage pool
Quit the application .
Return a list of binaries in a qmlink directory .
Returns True if nupicbindings pre - release are installed otherwise False .
Stage a platform hpp .
Send data to Netlog file .
Check if a dhcp options exists .
Test the contents of a blob .
Return a list of positive integers .
Register a tag .
Get a new Derivation node .
Compare the covariance matrix .
Add raw stats to the sect .
Provides access to hazard controller .
Takes a copy of a shape and returns a copy of it .
Disconnects from the server .
Remove old versions from the database .
Get a template by name .
Remove handlers from a Flask application .
Get a piece of text from a text file .
Add tomenu commands to menu
Prints the number of graphsize arguments to stdout .
Find all autos summaries in a list of files .
Check if html is valid
Import a module and check if it is less than minversion .
Runs the duration of a list of URLs .
Get the most recent exercises of a user .
Generate paths to include search paths .
Setup the Ethernet platform .
DEPRECATED version of f_value .
Invalidate string dtypes .
Return a label for a field .
Update a music server .
Register the python code in the specified language .
Entry point for Zkupy .
Convert an ordinal float to a datetime . datetime .
Show the properties of an affinity group
Convert fromstr to str .
Reads the checksum of a file .
Mimplements a string using a multiline string .
Verify signup user
Clean a string .
Determine if path is an unsaved path .
Log unknown attribute .
Get a session .
Convert datetime to protobuf timestamp .
Generate a random UUID .
Wrapper for ndb s toplevel wrapper .
Handle unary expression .
Returns the contents of a cached file .
Return random nchars .
Stop the inspector .
Test if two channels are equal to the same length .
Return a list of service parameters .
Returns True if the given xblock has any children of the given content .
Returns a random string of nchars .
Update a BW usage update .
Create an AES cipher cipher .
Calls a XenHost plugin
Convert an XML element to a string name .
Turn integers into integers .
Run the management feed
Create a test engine for testing .
Submit a condor job .
Remove all sample files in a given path .
Generate a function that converts unicode strings to str .
Return a fake site name .
Formats a signal .
Return a list of epochs .
Parses a method descriptor from a method descriptor .
Returns True if the given name is available on the server
Remove a channel .
Generate HTML for a node in HTML .
convert a string to a TUP string
Assert that the given time is still pending .
Checks to see if a PayPal ID is valid
Put arguments to stderr .
Get the announcements context for the given objects .
Return a valid key error .
Return a dictionary with the desired capabilities .
Return the virtual system
Test for the SIS header .
returns true if x is piseux
Returns a list of dictionaries with column names and rows .
Create a editable list form .
Convert a list of integers into a list of integers .
Test if attribute is empty .
Read the header shape of the file .
Return a list of paths normalized to zero .
Return a tuple of OS name and OSID .
Find the shortest path between source and node .
Return the buffer size of an interface
Return a string that can be used to render a diff link .
Takes a string and converts it to a regular expression .
Return the shortest path from a list of locations .
Test if nearmiss is invalid .
Return the number of items in a queue .
Generate generator .
Set device mtu .
Register an assignment tag .
Register a common configuration .
Convert a list of RGB values to a list of RGB values .
Calculate the complex path of a derivative .
Return a list of child processes .
The trackpoint that is used for tracking requests .
Return the basename of a list
Render a label .
Create a sparse matrix for sparse matrices .
Discard the body of the response .
Creates a Makesuite from a Hist object .
Restrict the given dataset to the given number of dimensions .
Returns a list of datasets associated with a list of lddas .
Delete a task from the memcache .
Get a flow from a volume
Test if the repository should be cloning .
Get the weight from the block .
Split a string using shlex .
Parse statement 3 . 5 statement .
Write data to file descriptor .
Generate a set of names from two strings .
Synchronize all modules in the specified environment
Setup the sensors for the device .
Destroys a volume .
Return True if x is an array - like object .
Create a new metadef resource type .
Decomposes a power ratio into a power ratio .
Create a private IP .
Return version as a string .
Returns True if the find matches the given filter .
Parse SSHPW rule .
Add vectors to the vocabulary .
Check if given image name is valid .
Returns a UserSocialAuth object for the current user .
Load one or more plugins and plugins .
Create a tf . Tensor from a string .
Get the salt interface from the vm
Returns a boolean indicating whether the minion is virtual
Download a file .
Return the exe of a process .
Get exception message .
Unpickle a model and return it .
Return the full URL for a given server .
Memoizes a command .
Check if we have a bug report .
Get the name of an attribute for an attribute .
Get a list of repositories .
Return the SSL adapter class .
Return a list of all the contents of a queue
Convert a path to a file URI .
Check paths .
Flatten a series of applications into a single row .
get the application id
Compute t - standard deviation
Add a loss segment to a powerline .
Get a configuration value .
Create a definition token for a definition .
Validate user ID .
Evaluate the given image .
Returns a function that returns a generator for the given dtypes .
Wraps the given modeltype and returns the predicted value .
Run a WSGI server .
Validate a sound .
Takes a string and removes it from the payload .
Delete a filesystem .
Filter for a private variable .
Return a string representation of the given data .
Move a file to an S3 bucket .
Initialize console logging .
Base64encode a MIME message .
Blend two columns .
Set up a command .
Find the first occurrence of x in a list .
Parse assignment expression .
Provide access to the facility
Execute a runner function
Report differences between two dictionaries .
Read partition file .
Formats an exception .
Get forecast for given location
Evaluate an element .
Return a list of students in the given batch .
Set a firewall server policy .
Clear the current context .
Refine an expression .
Add a package to the package list
Initiate a GRR wrapper .
Create a filter for a list of tasks .
Serialize a type into a string .
Fail if required settings are not required .
Sends an email to an order .
Decode a task payload .
Generate a random name .
Convert a URL into a hostname and name .
Return a list of installed packages .
Perform a pre match on the keywords .
Run OS X .
Count the number of chunks in the file info .
Check if a bug is logged in .
Base64encode a string .
Return the sha1 hash of an object .
Expand variables .
Retrieve a local service by name .
Check if a column has a value .
Create a topic .
Stage a mutator stage .
Return netstat information for Linux systems
Restrict a dict with only the keys that are present in keys .
Parse a Thrift service .
Convert an exception into an excinfo object .
Calculate the power of an effect .
Generate password from password .
Get the configuration object for this module .
Return a string representation of an object .
Add two images together .
Matches the given metric against the given regex .
Get a list of locales .
Test function for divmod .
Create a keyparser for a test .
Create metadata for a volume .
Get month by name .
Return a decorator that can be used to filter values .
Get legendre .
Command line interface for freeview .
Add an organization course to the organization .
Get the default site for a given app .
Download a setuptools archive .
Show a user s flags .
Compute error rates for each label .
Convert cartesian coordinates to polar coordinates .
Creates a thin virtual volume .
Get metadata for the current repository .
Makes a GET request .
Ensure the minion is absent
Create an array of constant values .
Processes an xmLElement and returns a list of attributes
Convert a POSIX path to a relative path .
Return a new signing module .
Test if univariate distribution is univariate
Get unread queries from a list of objects .
Creates an eye matrix .
Get the value of a float by the given keys .
Receive a job review message .
Get training model .
Crop the image to square .
Get the user s profile .
Get memory info .
Add xonsh test fixtures to a test fixture .
provide the xrds url
Send command line arguments to Spyder
Enables the named outer atomic transaction .
Note that the current context will log it if it exists .
Return the week s weekday .
Split low tag into a low - level dict
Shortcut for git commands .
Write data to a file .
Reverse a path .
Returns the secondary language of the current site .
Get an account by address .
Login to Django s login page .
Parse a simpleflake from a simpleflake .
Parse streaming media from a streaming stream .
Convert a GEMM node into a GEMM representation .
Write data to stdout .
Convert a JSON game player stats into a dictionary .
Colorize a string .
Run the runner .
Return the root of the environment .
Set memory limit .
Return a sanitized SQLIdentificator from a database name .
Parses a localename and returns a tuple with the code and a tuple of code .
Return True if x is an iterable .
Context manager for removing handlers from a given logger .
Render a value in a timezone .
Print the number of characters .
Show a specific keypair
Unzip lists into a list .
Check if the given image is extendable .
Test whether the given string is a valid PEP8 file .
Detach a load balancer from the cloud
Parse a list of stories .
Return a tuple containing the virtualname of the minion
Call vk API .
download a file
Return a string representation of a list .
Stop geoserver .
Split a path into a list of components .
Set the state of a module .
Get rvm .
Tries to call the given thing and returns it .
Compute the directional variance of a vector .
Wrap the given function in astroid .
Return the number of messages received from the cookie .
Extract the path and query part of a request .
Gives a user defined in the request context .
Takes a list of versions and returns a list of version numbers .
Remove a section from an INI file .
Enables debugging mode .
Removes all intermediate dependencies from the target dictionary .
Return a boolean indicating whether the marker is invalid .
Pack x into a list .
Format a FASTQ record .
Collapse a string into a single line .
If error is not None ignore it .
Validate the cache headers against the specified policy .
Connect to the poetry server .
Test if the number is valid .
Add rule to rule list .
Delete all empty folders .
Finalize concatenation .
Return the mine data
Apply regex_save to the input string .
Read a julian value from a file .
Decode a UTF - 8 string .
Check if a connection is dropped .
Define a channel of a channel .
Obtain the OS version number .
Convert string to str .
Quote a comment .
Add a custom domain configuration .
List all users .
Simple test for testing .
Load certificates from a directory .
Emulate hscan .
Return a hexadecimal version of a list .
Verify that the set of dates are valid .
Return a string representation of a table .
Resolve a symbolic link to a symbolic link .
Decode a base64 encoded string into bytes .
Return the ratio of two strings .
Parse user auth header .
Remove the dimension of x along axis .
Clear password .
Compute the XOR of two strings .
Read data from a file .
Create a temporary file .
Get the gcd project name .
Set the value of a document field in a doctype
Return the path to a jail
Reload a module .
Convert a locale string to a lower case .
Return the basename of a path .
Instantiate a regression expression .
Compute the non - singular function of a spherical Bessel function .
Return a list of loadbalancer load balancer backends
Set whether or not all objects are enabled
Search for words .
Copy the state of a Future to dest .
Update the parameters of the current plotting .
Test if the final URL should be finalized with the final URL .
Returns locale or default if locale_code is not set .
Resize an image .
Parse a timestamp .
Convert a URL value into a URL .
Get credentials from environment variables .
Create an error status message from an image log .
Create lineage for a testfile
Extract the value from the response header .
Check user s status
Convert media size to a long integer .
Get the current loop position and number of times from the current page .
Print a summary of the installation information .
Convert seconds into a human readable string .
Set the salt - api client configuration
Configure logging .
Add header and value .
Convert a range of IP addresses into a list of networks .
Decodes a 64 - bit string into a list of 64chops .
Test client options .
Get a network by its CIDR address .
Test the error flow of the GPUs .
Turn tags into a dictionary .
Reset all globals .
Find lineno and line increment position .
Send alerts to all products .
Update a target .
Test whether or not there is None .
Warn if targets are not present .
Reset warnings .
Memoizes the current platform .
Skip breakpoints .
Greatest common divisor of two bytes .
Return the encoding for the given encoding .
Create a git branch in a local git repository
Get version number from config file .
Get the host by ip
Calculate the primitives of a ring .
Check if a post - upgrade is running .
Return the returner options
Calls a command asynchronously .
Create a cascade from global config .
Delete a draft draft
Duplicate a sequence of vectors .
Convert a string to an integer .
Find the parent of the given tag .
Prints the given arguments to stderr .
Write a binary hex file .
Get the Openhift version from a container .
Get a handler for a given doctype .
Creates a CNN .
Duplicate a media .
Update a floating IP address .
Teardown tests .
Create a key reference .
Peeks a file from the filesystem .
Check if a node is acceptable .
Send a KEgg link to one or more databases .
Remove a file from the system
Parse a subject into a dictionary
Map a string to a function .
update video status
Check that the user can access the dataset .
Setup the platform .
Load a dictionary from pickle file
Fetch all entities from database
Return True if d2 is close to d2 .
Parse blank statement .
Get the current branch name .
Add a functionlist to a list .
Compute the softplus of x .
Install the kqueuereactor .
Send a message to a topic .
Take a sequence of indices .
Return a list of documents that match the given locale .
Returns a list of tuples representing all images in the project .
Convert text into a list of words .
Add an integer to libvlc .
Compute a smooth step between two points .
Remove a module from the minion
Convert a list of dicts into dictionaries .
Return a boolean indicating whether a module is disabled
Search for a playlist .
Check if a page is a 404 page .
Check if title is a series episode .
Insert default options into sys . argv .
Checks if a contact is in the DB .
Compile a list comprehension .
Clear a placeholder cache for a given language .
Encrypts a string using pyherion .
Save a forum role .
A function to run the task
Get the previous media list player .
Displays whether network time is on network time .
Clean up test tests .
Get the max age of a response header .
Ensure that the given host_dependencies are of the given host_objects .
Create a new entity .
Returns True if the given ipaddress is a valid IP address .
Returns True if the expr has a simple delta .
Return a function that returns a get_notepad_pages function .
Remove a user from a MySQL server .
Run karma .
Return the IDx for the given idx .
Find the boundary of a multipart post .
Register a serializer for a given format .
Get the SCM .
Returns whether the given discussion category has access to the given discussion category .
A wrapper around pytest . pytest . pytest .
Load the dependencies of a package .
Obtain a certificate from a configurator .
Generate challenge .
Record the payment info for a given order .
Match template filename .
Takes a string and returns a random string .
Cumulative CDF .
Handle enumerator_list_list .
Split the code at the show level .
Convert extra extra characters to lowercase .
Generate art URLs for an album .
Restore a resource from its id .
Compute extended Euclidean distance between two numbers .
Get a random string .
Check for missing folders .
Create a cmservice packet .
Shorten the body of the given body .
Get the URL of the batch job .
Load a Python libcryptodome library .
List the members without MFA .
Merge small segments into a single segment .
Try to find a module and return its filename .
Extract entities from a template .
Validate that the given string is deleted .
Return True if name is an archive file .
Read a character list from a text file .
Replace quote quotes with quote and condition .
Test whether Gaussian prior is greater than 1 .
Render a group of groups .
Apply operators to a molecule .
Encode a float .
run mod on mod
Find package data .
Displays the status of the user .
Merge two lists together .
Generate the path between two rules .
Add mtime to document .
Create the default config dir if it doesn t exist .
Concatenate multiple lists into a single list .
Create a matplotlib figure .
Plots histograms .
Randomly sample a sphere on a sphere .
Define a hug directive
Create a Trial object from a list of docs .
Return the end geometry string .
Prefetch one or more instances from a list of instances .
Return an unsharp mask for an image .
Compute the sigmoid of x .
Get the architecture of an image .
Return a list of all the parts of a path .
Get a resource from a resource
Disable the trace .
Recursively recover constants from a python source code .
Returns a summary of the requested worker .
Get a list of stylesheet files .
Check if the given node is an ancestor of the given node .
Deprecated .
Return a new instance of a new collection .
Add loops to linelooperations .
The resource type for this resource type .
Subtract two values .
Run command on multiple apps .
Check if the qdatastream is ok
Prune cached PAFs
Get a list of all available services .
Parse Django adminopt node .
Grab the log file .
Submit an HTTP POST request .
Combine sections into a single section .
Iterate over a range of bytes .
Load data and labels from file .
Save content to content store .
Return True if the cookie is present in the response .
Write output to file .
Return a dictionary of all the fields of an object .
An option to audit monitor changes .
Encode a Quopririri .
Transfer the closest path to the new ordered location .
Checks if the user can commit the translation of the project .
Validate the output of the given module .
Generate sub - documents of a resource .
Return a new reference
Remove all keys from the database .
Get input value .
Returns a list of mechanisms associated with the SASL feature .
Check if a connection has a given method .
Verify email
Filter string filter .
Accept an invite request .
Convert value to float .
Test that two arrays are equal .
Deserialize count specifications into a dict .
Convert a variable into an ExpressionVariable .
Log channel info .
Return a dictionary of functions to be passed to the proxy .
Get a list of colorspiral colors .
Do a boolean sum .
Get the maximum vector from a path3 path
Calculate a truncated expression .
Determine the Hadoop prefix from the given binary .
Unregisters a class loader .
Prune a filename with a reduced file .
Restart the application .
Loads data set from pickle file .
Keep only the dimensions in x .
Writes network to writer .
Converts a string of text into a command .
Get a subscription for a particular document type .
Redirect to a login url .
Remove a database .
Unescape a string .
Download a specific item .
Test if the script is running in zsh .
Manage node types
Return the project cert subject for a project .
Return a newderivation .
Set the union of a union .
returns a cellname relative to rowx
Returns the current user
Create a dictionary of formatters from a config file .
View an equity .
Move a value from d1 to d2
Add a line edit to the Qt bot .
Set the dimension ordering .
Returns a VMDK spec for a VM .
Get SOAP accessor .
Return a tuple with the name and number of the process .
Build a distribution sdist
Parse a string into a readme file .
Find the creation sequence of the creation of a graph .
Return an iterator for iterating over the lines in a gaf file .
Decode a byte string into an integer .
Yields keys from a list of filepaths .
Requests an HTTP request to a resource .
Create a temporary ca file .
Dispatch the result of a plugin .
Check if the given exception is unavailable .
Test that a string has the expected text .
Run an HTTP server .
Return True if value is less than arg .
Build a release packet .
Check that all of the given opts are valid .
Iterate over all children of an object .
Ensure that the given name is lowercase .
Return the host filename
Enable a bash hook .
Get a module cache .
Get a link to a remote attach link .
Helper function for hook registration .
Generate a string from a date .
Handle labeled statement .
Log bugdown error .
Add a discussion to a resource .
Get the metadata from a dict .
Import a public keypair
Compute the Hessian of a hessian .
A generator that yields chunks of file - like object chunks of filename .
Select n elements from a series .
Register the tclimporter .
Return a line for the issue .
Generate a state tag
Get an RDP console .
Find all empty strings in the content
Refresh beacon configuration .
Check if a URL parameter exists in the event file .
Get a regular expression from a query string .
Enables deprecation_as_as_exceptions .
Decode a query string .
Get the source code of an object .
Decorator that tests whether the script should not be installed .
Returns a textfield for a textfield .
Check if a naming pattern is valid .
Convert a tensor to dense tensor .
Add an IP route to an IP route .
API version information .
Apply a function fn to a sequence of elements .
Set the filesetting name for a given file .
Test if finds is found .
Add collarset to element node .
Delete all objects in a bucket .
Setstand standby .
Returns the mode information for the course .
Compress the message body .
Read a cached file from disk .
Check if a folder exists in a folder
Return a datetime . datetime . datetime object .
Test if value is a mapping .
Makes a command .
Handle the response of a transaction .
Read a Python object from a pyc file .
Check if snappy is installed .
Return the basename of a path .
Compare two mesh front .
Reverse bits int64 .
Return the cosine of x .
Return a list of all subscribed subscriptions for the given topic .
Turn a dict into a string .
Detach a network interface from an existing network interface .
Ensure that the named container is absent
Plot a pdf .
Configure a service .
Parse HTTP headers .
Consume a queue from a queue .
List all nodes
Capture a card hold .
Determine if name should be kept .
Dequote a string
Call Kama .
Reduce the implicit implications .
Lists available languages .
Return a list of transvers for a given basis set .
Get the geometry output of an element node .
Get the public key for a VM
Returns the number of preset presets .
Normalize decimal separators .
Downgrade cidr_table to its default value
Validate ascii metadata .
Check if url is unique
Setup the MQTT platform .
Get or create a SJSON transcript for a transcript .
Get the hostname .
Return a tuple of the virtual machine s virtual name and whether the minion is virtual
Parse multipart HTTP headers .
Return the gid of the current platform .
Compile all templates in a folder .
Generic tstat .
Convert a time tuple into an xld date .
Adjust the shape of a target shape .
Rotate x by y
Provides access to the S3 service .
Return a string representation of a number .
Add an event source .
Commit a reservation .
Send a flowgram to a socket .
Test whether booleans should not be displayed in the same table .
Update xbps database
Decode a string to unicode .
Create the certificate chain .
Calculate the cdf of x .
Get the current line number .
Copies the original file if it is out of the derived files .
Build a path from node1 to node2 .
Set a user password .
Create a patchset from a string .
Refresh the salt - minion database .
Write a FFF file to out_file .
Raise an HTTP error .
Send systemd notification to systemd .
Open anexplorer file .
Test if sparse format is sparse .
handle menu callback
Return a list of all the datastores in this VMware environment
Register a word in the current document .
Get a list of usernames for the given user ids .
Get continuous query from database .
Create a docker image
Splits an array into two - - - - - - dimensional arrays .
Parses a Cytoscape XML string and returns it .
Add backends for social auth .
Returns the backend for the backend
Convert an object to ANSI escape sequences .
Convert a string cell range to a row column .
Loads and test training data .
Unpack a direct TCP IP address .
Returns the minimum number of levels required for the minimum number of elements .
Return True if bson is valid False otherwise .
Ensure src is a string or a string .
Sends an email .
Print a command to the console .
Look up an image by ID .
Initialize POSIX .
Compute the PTPTP PTP .
Turn glance_id into an image id .
Copy all files from src to target node .
Skip test .
Return the string representation of a class .
Deploy certificate to a temp dir .
Convert a sequence of bytes to a byte array .
Get the latest version of a class .
Get a list of synonyms for a word .
Filter out non - JSON lines that are not JSON .
Save stats to a file .
Create a directory .
Whitelist a request with a given arguments .
Redirect to an alternative URL .
Generate a salt .
Extract subrois from a timeseries .
Send a signal to the given process .
Pause the current window .
Convert a string into a string .
Get an unused port .
Test if RGB to HSL .
Compute the standard deviation of an array .
Get the line number of the function s line number .
Loads checkpoint from checkpoint_dir .
Converts a timestamp to a string .
Get a list of scheduled schedules .
Perform covariance M step for full covariance matrix .
Return the rawmoment of an iterable .
Read a label file .
Randomly generate a normal probability distribution .
Get the currently active application .
Test a sample of data .
Generate resize command .
Start TLS server .
Register a form for the comment .
unload a module
Update a project s quota .
Return True if text is a keyword .
Run pyreverse .
Returns a boolean indicating whether the given checknode is completed .
Compute unique unique values of values .
Start statsd
Normalize a language tag .
Serialistic correlation .
Wait until the specified prefix is in the specified prefix .
strips a and b
Safely delete an image from the backend .
Returns the current memory usage of windows .
Disable the application .
Pick an authentication plugin .
List public IPs .
Execute sql statement .
Test a regular polygon .
Makes a violin plot .
Get action instance by uuid .
Unregisters a handler .
Evaluate a breadcrumb .
Return the index of a media list item in a media list .
View for a thread .
The main method of the ad group .
Get a list of available translations .
Convert a value into an ISO8601 datetime . time object .
Create a new collection
Raises ValueError if value error occured .
Return a dict with the position of the position of the eEg .
Write credentials to a JSON file .
Test the identity join function .
Deprecate eigenvalue of an array .
Prepare the bearer request body .
Report flaky test tests .
Delete ACL entries .
Get a property from a device .
Make the discrete source space .
Get the comment format from a comment string .
Flatten a list of strings into a single string .
Get components from key .
Parse Accept header .
Start multiprocessing .
Validate that value is a valid type .
Decode a string result .
Run the command .
Raise an IOError if the given path is not open .
Return the URL of a group s avatar .
Test if the slices are in the same dimension .
Return True if lst is a valid ID list .
Get values from an object .
Escape any string replacements in a string .
Test if the aircraft are in the Jplots .
Handles foreign key validation .
Test if nearmiss is equal to the number of matches .
Only approve files without review .
Create a join function .
Print a list of DNS entries .
Attempt to convert a value into an enum .
Memoizes the current platform .
Moves a file to a given path .
Download a file to fname
build libraries
get the related topics from a section
Changes the frequency of the subtitlesfinder frequency
Run django test runner .
Create a task message from a message .
Unquote a header value .
Create a cluster controller .
returns the number of active processes
Get component by name
Get the process name of the init process of the given nodes .
Takes a list of candidates that are equal to the candidates that are equal to the maximum number of
Start a worker process .
Configure the pyplot configuration .
Rotate 90 degrees clockwise .
Convert a year month to an index .
Convert value to int .
Make a configuration file and verify it .
Build a multipart multipart message .
Unfollow a user .
Parse a query and return a query .
Serialize the allocations for a consumer .
Mask times between times .
Return True if text is a valid URL .
Recursively create a directory .
Fetches a seed or an integer .
Get all virtual interfaces .
Get a list of files from the given htmlfile .
Check if the given crontab matches the given arguments .
Convert a color temperature temperature to RGB values .
Get the prerequisites for a prerequisite .
Raise ValueError if strict is False .
Reducer function to reduce nested dicts .
Determine if a list of filters have a certain property range .
Return True if the given object is a task module module .
Open a file if it exists .
Returns True if value is equal to value_type .
Wait for the server to complete .
Extract the root domain from a domain .
Return information about the CPU .
Compute the norm of a vector .
Compute the centrality scores for each sample .
return true if path is a directory
Validate the values of the given scale .
Load a countgraph from a file .
Remove redundant terms from a list
Create a reference group .
Populate command line options .
Get instance type by flavor id
Route a user to the database .
Convert a timestamp to a datetime object .
Return a list of classes .
Unpack a bitstring into a list .
Add a command to protocol .
Return True if the given subject is a BEM subject .
Extract text from input files .
Strips tags from a string .
Look up an object by spec .
Convert an object to timezone .
Check if user has access to the given action .
Write source code to file .
Make a request object .
Returns the URL for the course for the given item .
Check if the specified nictags exist
Add tools to a tool manager .
Initialize and start an output manager .
Get a list of milestone types .
Build the headers to send to the API .
Set the taxes for the given quotation .
Return a boolean indicating whether a curve is an elliptic curve .
Check if a point is inside a polygon .
Allow Ctrl + C .
Update draft registration .
Whether the system is virtual
Enable the site
Sample normalization of an array .
Compare two files .
Handles a read field .
Read word2vec file .
Get the version string from the datadir .
Writes course_detail report to CSV file .
Return empty iterator .
Clear persistent graph cache .
Raise ValidationError if val is not in ignore_flags .
Generates a matrix from an entry function .
Evaluate the equality of the points .
Print testresult .
Temporarily disable signals .
Convert a TobstoreError to a TobstoreError .
Run a statement in a separate thread .
Create a HTTP header .
Ensure the default security group exists .
Wait for an IO object to complete .
Get the Root Mean Square Error
Test for trailing spaces in row definition .
Escape a string .
Convert an image to a filesystem .
Returns the qos policy group name of a volume .
Display a crash file .
Get the zoneinfo zipfile .
Creates a new event .
Logout of user
Encode a YAML string into a single - quoted string .
Compute the Sinematic model numpy array .
Check if an ID is valid
Parse name and version string .
Read a 4 - byte integer from the file - like object .
Return the difference of x .
Return the filename of filename .
Create a security group .
helper function to add an option to the checkconfig
Set the value of a system variable to a value
Runs the at_initial setup hook .
Detect the format of a file .
Find the name and state of a named name
Return a dictionary of cached VDI images for a SR .
Convert a URL to a string .
Create location and dirname .
Takes a POT file and saves it in the database .
Create a xheader xheader file from a LMS callback URL .
Parse command line arguments .
Transport write to port .
Turn a dictionary of attributes into a string .
Applies overwrite_context to context .
Whether the system is virtual
Build the required configuration for the interface .
Whitelist a given frappe .
Gradient of gradients .
Return True if the given IPv4 prefix is a valid IPv4 prefix .
Return True if the line can be placed on the line .
Return the information for a given jid
Build a tagmap from a set of arguments .
S_all_hacute s method .
Returns a new derivative for an element node .
Return a tuple containing the names of the minions that are available on the minion .
Remove any occurrences of remove from the string .
Convert a dictionary entry into a tuple .
Parse a datetime string into a datetime object .
Get the required dependencies .
Formats the given timetuple as a string .
Returns an xls file .
Parses the given XPI file and returns its contents .
Return a list of namespaces between the given range .
Creates a new CodeSearchFeed from an XML string .
Get image model string from settings .
Return the load averages
Lower bound to int .
Strips all tags from an XML string .
Returns a dictionary with relation information .
Parses a sphinx search index .
Delete an integration response .
Runs a task on the code .
Ensure a tenant is absent .
Get a comment from a table
Create a virtual disk specification for a client .
Return a list of foreign columns that are in the given table .
Generate the RST file for the example .
Create a local optimizer for a node .
Returns True if the pixel is occupied by a pixel .
View for forgot password .
Identify the names of the given code .
Checks if the given pos is valid .
Create a simplefactorycopy object .
Calculate the centralmoment of a series of samples .
Update the image axes .
Test correlation error .
Get the complex complex tensor .
Reissue a receipt .
Force ASCII force conversion of an exception .
Run ansible module .
Decode base64 encoded string .
Retrieves the settings from the environment .
Returns a boolean indicating whether the system is virtual .
Adds vertexes to the element
Parse urlencoded params .
Convert a list of strings to numericise .
Mark a function as slow .
A test for fast connection .
Return True if path starts with given prefix .
Creates a fake server port
Convert a filehandle to a filehandle .
Raise exception if version is not None .
Log a traceback of an exception .
Load a module from all installed apps .
Sets the store for the given key .
Read the contents of a file .
Create a Virtual Interface
Return True if the given issue is in the given section .
Persist a value in the specified config file
Delete OAuth tokens from user .
System Information Type 7 .
Test that the confusion matrix is sample weight .
Load a list ofBeets from a list of plugins .
Start the ioloop .
Get the next unique ID for a field .
Deletes selected objects .
Get the format for the given formatting .
Check that no fit attribute is set in init
Get CPU count .
Create a module for the nrt module .
Calculate average and standard deviation .
Assert that a number is greater than the hug .
Create a new dataset .
Wait for a server termination .
Return whether the given uri is ignorable .
Assert that a is a and b .
Get the yaml file path for a builtin .
Print string to stdout .
Checks if user has access to all users .
Returns whether the user is logged in or not .
Get shell command
Evaluate an element node .
Try to find a filter in a list of filters .
Ensure that the named service is enabled
Register collection votes .
Return an unexpected error message .
Upload file .
Return a tuple of pypap_model class mapping keys to classes .
Checks if a URL is a full redirect .
A helper method that iterates through search results .
Return the sum of all distributions .
Extract all the contents of this tar archive into a directory .
Return the relative path to a file from_file .
Return True if the variable is used in graph .
Test if HSL is valid RGB .
Return a reference to an object .
Returns a new Derivation object .
Append a message to the given bundle .
Assert that a member is read from a client .
Load data from a file .
Calculate checksum of given digits .
Convert a locale to a string .
Skips if the predicate is not True .
Link outgoing URL callback .
Add an entry to a host .
Returns the network subnet name .
Creates a new database .
Generate a signed URL .
Remove from figure .
Returns a list of paths to manipulate elements .
Get the width of the terminal .
Enable the named event
Mark quota usage as dirty .
Get the text of the document .
Edit the order of an ordered Product .
Return list of server groups .
Parse flags from source .
Calculate the number of sidesides for a precision .
load a file
Returns a list of DHCP hosts associated with a network .
Load SQL files from a folder .
Convert markdown to markdown .
Connect to an igd .
delete a device
Convert cartesian to spherical harmonic .
Fontify a python node .
Handles folder creation .
Return the entity group kind of a key .
Create a new empty group .
Return True if val is a valid bool otherwise False .
Lru cache decorator .
Check if a score request has been requested .
Add a lock to the minion
Get the type of an interface
Prepend the root directory to opts
Get texcommand .
Return a list of all available services .
Get username .
Set indent level .
Test that all tables are equal .
Generate lorem_ipsum .
Parse short strings .
Convert an xmlelement to a new one .
Builds a tunnel request .
Compute a single statement for each statement .
Wrapper for requests . get_cookie_hdr .
Add a batch job to the server .
Get error number from an exception .
Daemonize the current process .
Return a table that maps the given word - map .
Determine the default project .
Remove canvas from canvas .
Return the output of an object .
Return True if two paths are equal .
Return the integer as int .
Create a tar from a file
Create a sqlite table .
Remove all installed plugins .
Return summary from markdown
Add a dependency to the given package .
Return the inverse of a vector .
Detach a block device from a profile
Handler for sending SMS messages .
Select an item from a list .
Test for training hcae training .
Return the smallest integer greater than n .
Get wait time .
Return a list of all names defined in the current node .
Split a list into a list .
Index HTTP response .
Decompress a string of data .
Calculate T3 with t3 .
Set the verbosity level .
Test that the schema has at least one key .
Return Interkey interval .
Return a list of filenames that match the given name .
Return True if MNE is running in MNE .
Checks if the given permission can access the given permission .
Convert a function into a function callable .
Get the brick annotation for a variable
Find the n largest n elements in an iterable .
Escape a URL string .
Find a sample file in the directory .
Determine if the text is a valid URL .
Add sys . path to sys . path
Concatenate DataFrames .
Build resolver .
Convert a string to hue frequency .
Remove t from t
Get the file spec .
Build a URL from an environment variable .
Convert time t into an integer .
Create an extension object .
Split a string into a truncated string .
Run unittests .
Create a figure .
Returns the heldout score of the held - out test function .
Install the system .
Convert a NumPy array to a NumPy array .
Get git changeset timestamp
Get the password for a database
Returns a list of all groups in the group .
Create a stack of layers from an XML element .
Generate a configuration dictionary for the given base configuration .
Parse the content of a docstring into a string .
Raises an AssertionError if the given logical line is not a valid boolean .
Serialize support data for support .
Registers a flag .
Bulk create fixed IPs .
Raise a typical memory error .
control condition
Generate a random string .
Patch os . fork .
Pretty print a frame relation .
Evaluate CSS check .
Check to see if a trail exists .
Test if a comma - delimited column name matches a string .
Return the symbolic factor of expr .
Relocates the virtual machine to the host .
Test if a string is in a byte string .
Read a yaml config file and return it .
Check whether the user can upload a dictionary .
Verifies that the log file does not contain log records .
Write output to file .
Ensure time is utc .
Check that all names in value are present in value .
Split text at sep .
Generate URL for a particular handler .
Compute euclidean distance between two points .
Remove outliers from seqs .
Merge metadata from two metadata objects .
Register the checker .
Generate documentation for all available services .
Route a function to a view .
Create an image property .
Save an image to a file .
Compute the distance between two line segments .
Require a user to be logged in .
Convert a dictionary into a safe type .
Get the labels of a node
Check for invalid keys .
Run a simulation
Test if the given string is valid .
Test if the AST can be converted to str .
Get the node s node .
Return the ratio of two tokens .
View function that requires a request to be performed on a request .
Returns True if type is a spark step type .
Build a descriptor for a given method .
Update the variable names in the old_contents .
Read subtitle file .
Calculate the nearest neighbors of the given users .
Test that all evoked events are equal .
Emulate the load globals .
Corrects the font to the target font .
Return True if journaldaldaldaldaldald journaldald fails .
Set the IAM policy for an IAM topic .
Creates a task that will watch for assets .
Get the data disk for a VM
Return whether the given source is a transactionable .
Replace string_ with dictionary_ .
Checks whether the given polynomial is stable .
Returns a list of all aircraft
Compare a and b .
Get the information for a given JID
Decorator for caching mdata
Return a dictionary of test arguments .
Compute the sum of a matrix .
Return validator data dict .
Return all the neighbors of a node .
Destroy one or more instances
Plot a layout .
Calculate the md5 hash of a file .
Test the inverse of the compound .
Return the power of x .
Ensure tables exist .
Captures the console log of each scenario .
Apply html5 to a text file .
Return the job with the given name .
Read samples from a file .
Return a list of tuples representing the machine translation services .
Returns the effective router for an application .
Get the xdg config directory .
Infer compression for filepath .
Get the body of an HTTP request .
Mark a function as unauthenticated .
Matches a sudo command against a string .
Get username .
Handle abort action .
Convert a string to a list of scopes .
Extract the version number from the command line .
Format an exception into a string .
Set the host and port for the bonjour
Check if a list is a list of ids .
Authorize and return a request token .
Get the largestinset from the given loop and radius .
Checks to see if the addons are incomplete .
Remove an application pool .
Recursively instantiate a proxy object .
Make sure the project doesn t save it
Select a proxy from a URL .
Add a dict to the cookiejar .
Create an error response
Interpret integer n as int .
Copies a document to a protobuf buffer .
Get the path to a python module .
Return the maximum value of two lists .
Get the device_user_agent from the request .
Return the PID of the RA PID .
Split a URI into components .
Return a tree from a cix path .
Decode enc .
Get or create a mmrjob service role .
Validate that value is not negative .
Create a jinja2 install button .
Render a template
Write data to pp file
Return a boolean indicating whether a module is missing .
Create command line options for replicas .
Ensure an object is absent
Get request parameter from request .
Get a pair of possible winners from submissions .
Update the Lutmap .
Get font property .
Return a list of Zookeeper instances .
Convert a 1 - D sequence of 0 values to 255
Convert a string to an integer .
Get a dict of environment proxies from the environment .
Return the basename of a file .
Delete a layer by name and UUID .
Call CDL3 inside a list of Bards .
Makes an EC2 integration .
The main method of the ad group .
Generate a token for HTTP requests .
Return a list of the absolute values of f at u .
Compare two baseline images .
Returns a boolean indicating whether the machine is virtual .
Time the execution of pyexcelerate . pyexcelerate
Shutdown the application .
Check if pid is correct .
Return an instance of the httpserver .
Pause the command n times .
Update quotas .
Register the cursor to start of the cursor .
Return text with given colors .
Set the level of the logger .
Return the mode of a device
Route a URL to a temporary location .
Returns True if the request was last responded to a BMSError
Compute the T test power .
Prepare before blockoffsets .
Get data from a URL .
Log a message at time t .
Get the full translation dictionary .
Generate rows from a range string .
Return a list of roster targets
Generate a crosstalk .
Validate and parse a JSON string .
Check if an object is a data type .
Test the sample rate .
Test that the maximum length of a feature is on the table .
Unquote a string .
Read a TFTP packet .
Dump a biffh to a file .
Get the system username .
Query for interesting information about the given library .
Flatten strings in a string .
Register a test method on a test class .
Return a dictionary of grains from OS data .
Merge two files .
Run a script and return the script .
Read a packet from a socket .
Convert an IPv6 address into a network byte string .
Get an object by name
Updates the symlinks for each certificate in the config .
Compute Gf - B -K factors .
Ensure that the ETag is valid .
Activate an API deployment .
Decorator to turn a function into a WSGI application .
Write a cgi response into a string .
Update the value of a policy item in a policy item .
Replaces quotes inside a string if it is in bash .
Upgrade brews .
Get the name of the profile basename
Validate an IPv4 address .
Handle adding a category form .
Register a service in the module
Obtain serial number from show version string .
Get the absolute URL of a given path .
Return a list of intersection indexes of xintersection indexes .
A decorator that routes n times .
Write masq config file .
Move a file from one location to another .
Query reserved reservations .
Evaluate a function over multiple inputs .
Convert markdown to HTML .
Denoise the evolution of a 3D cholle .
Delete the commit information from the database .
Ensure the ca root directory exists .
Make sure the lock is set to sleep .
Test the array transforms and geocentricities .
Parses an atom tuple .
Generate frontpage PNG files .
Write message to root logger .
Get words by filename .
Gets gitlab notification .
Infer the return type of all arguments .
Return a string representation of the given value .
Return a list of availability zones for the current user
Parses a response header into a dictionary .
Build an iterator from a path .
Test CUDA driver for testing .
Creates plots of the given test set .
Get tree details
Returns the appropriate data class for the given data type .
Raises an AssertionError if the element is not found .
Write data to ttylog .
Create password reset form .
Parse a query string into a sort query .
Returns a unique value for the given type and id .
Compute variance .
Get the strategy name .
Generate the age of the given issue .
Run the main loop
Test if rules match rules .
Generate a cache key .
Compute residual .
Get the value of a given option .
Load images from queue .
Validate tag string .
Get a logger for multiprocessing .
List the number of running jobs filtered by the filter criteria
Register a login view .
Attach translations to collections .
Convert an entity to a protobuf message .
Get a get language info .
Infer the frequency of an index .
A decorator that ensures that the user is only admin .
Setup the hyperion device .
Convert a list of configs into a Python dict .
Add a cell to the task log .
Get a plugin by name .
Fail if two objects are not equal .
Load a testsuite test suite .
Return a 32 - bit RGB value for an RGB color .
Generate a custom custom key function .
Writes the properties of a workbook .
Reads an array from a file .
Prints usage information
Second part of the reactor .
Create a zone from a service .
Return the total number of seconds in seconds .
Get a file writer .
Summarize Variables .
Return True if the user can browse the repository reviews .
Lighten a color .
Processes a SVG element .
Register new cronjobs to add new cronjobs .
Create a scatter plot .
Handle a docstring .
Removes the prefix from the source .
Generate shell test data .
Raises an AssertionError if expr is not None .
Get the local path to the qemu user
Returns the userid of the request .
Returns the type of the given file extension .
Recursively create a directory on the server .
Return a list of blog posts .
Print debug message .
Delete all children of an image .
Check source code with PEP8 .
Swap memory .
Convert params to a list of layers .
Private method to remove events from the event .
Generate a docstring for the given namespace .
Test sensitivity score .
Convert SMS message to email address .
Connect to GCE .
Stop the server .
Wrapper for inspect_command .
Concatenate two sequences .
Execute the C compiler .
Create a new service
Generate certificates for students .
Private function to calculate the log - likelihood of a Gaussian distribution .
Generates a script from the given settings .
Redirects the user to the user s login page .
Processes a failed download .
Returns True if the table has the given name
Edit a liability .
A dictionary of strings that can be used to build a dictionary of strings .
Convert a 32 - bit integer to a string .
Get a nested data_structure .
Test that the user is a list of short users .
Parses output_spec into tuple of functions .
Perform a DELETE request .
Download a video by its id .
Get the Python version .
Get a metric value .
Wrapper for _load_dummy .
Allocate a new lock .
Returns a list of explanation ids matching query_string .
Return the inverse of a .
Unpack a string from the given position .
Reshapes input to new shape .
Perform a single operation on a device .
Return the version of the minion
Returns True if the current thread is in the current thread .
Takes a pytestdb . txt0 . tp0 . tp0 .
Return a tuple containing the virtual machine s virtual
Return an HTTP Response .
Attempt to convert a string to a timezone - aware timestamp .
Get an object from a queryset .
Create a series of drawdown values for each drawdown .
Creates a prop filter spec from a property set .
Evaluate an email .
Iterate through an iterable .
Create user user and group user .
Flattens an iterable into a single object .
Test that the weights are equal to the weights .
Returns a merged dictionary of dictionaries merged with non - report_only_policies .
Compute a new node .
Checks that the exam problems are present in the exam .
Send an email notification .
Sets up a search controller .
Choose the name of the doctype of a file .
Wrapper for _compute_hist .
Make sure Python objects are unicode .
Given a version string and a version string find all files that match the given version .
Returns the level of the storage .
Compute a DMP for a ground - truth test .
Dimension for singleton function .
Split host and port into host and port .
Takes a URL and returns its contents as a string .
Find the hg tag in the given directory .
Find missing whitespace after import .
Return tuple of tuples for a given device .
Add a handler for a handler block .
Apply a function fn to each element .
Return the arcse of a value .
Manage the current thread state .
Edit profile .
Recursively glob all files matching the given pattern .
Formats the info table .
Sort a dictionary by field values .
Convert a blockdevice id to a dataset id .
Get a flavor type by flavor ID .
Get n - grams from sent_iterator .
Load an inline module in CFFI .
Test current working directory with absolute paths .
Validate that the given values are in the correct order .
Backpropagate a two - step backpropagate .
Returns a list of all exceptions associated with the given indexer_id .
Restores the vertical spacing before the line before it .
Test that the line profile is dynamic .
Matches a subscription to a topic .
Test whether the data is within the indices of the data .
Checks if the given user is authenticated and returns a bool .
Return CPU information for SunOS
Test the set of cookies that have been set to True .
Checks if the AST has bad cut .
Compute the norm of two vectors .
Get a list of module descriptions .
Perform a fast count of small ints .
Strip accents from a string .
Set the configuration of the OpenGL canvas .
Get the value of the given blob .
Try to use cached files on the cache .
Print the version number .
Return an absolute value .
Check if a python version is available .
Set default configuration values .
Shift the divisions by periods .
Binary log loss .
Flag a modified event .
Returns a holiday calendar
Generate a random alphanumeric string .
Open a resource by name .
Add the infillary to the nested ring .
Remove a handler reference .
Unload a module
Validate a pack name .
Processes an SVG element .
Load a class from a string .
Compute the Gaussian Decorrelation function .
Fix spelling errors .
Try to import a keyder from an extern key .
Test if vispy app is imported .
Build a select field for the toolbox section
Convert html page to annotation string .
Get the codename of a user permission .
List all documents .
Find all the files in the metadata dictionary .
Task to send a purchase receipt
Evaluate a vector of vectors .
Test if make_links are equal .
Return True if the class has the inherited table .
Configures a click command .
Get a rollback .
Remove a VFstab .
Check if a file is a FIFO .
Test settings for test cases .
Add slashes to a value .
Return the IPv6 interfaces
Parse a list of pcoa objects .
Run the netcat test .
Concatenate two DataFrames .
Handle registration form .
Evaluate a laplace mask .
Sample the data from the given options .
Perform a GET request .
Validate a device list .
Parses delimited file .
Return a human - readable version of a path .
Build qsub command .
Parse Genshi data and return a string .
Sort list .
Run a bzr - wc_ctrr command on a bazaar .
Get the URL for a CMS block .
Fetch promotion images from a website
Copy a file to the clipboard .
Print a list of items .
Create a textfile with the given contents .
Load an XML tree .
Checks that the minimum number of instances are healthy .
Raise an error if any of the given tables are not printable .
Delete a user from a file
Add tabbed stubs .
Calculate evalfals .
Return a human - readable file size .
Creates a command for creating an object .
Yield lines from a list of strings .
Parse driver - disk rules .
Return true if the tag is a block level .
Adds a secret to the specified secret .
Create a new reference from a reference .
Strips the list of output to be done .
Get the full path to the file system .
Decorator to validate a named filename .
Calculate the addition of a list of values .
Return a boolean representation of a result .
Return a list of index videos .
Parse a URL and return a tuple containing the path and saltenv
Ignore a non - user admin or group .
Split a command line into its components .
Run a task .
Return a string representation of expected diffs .
Compute numpy .
Return True if user can edit the given model type .
Resize a URL to a given width .
Convert row to dict .
Install custom language .
Return true if the field is not present in the container .
Activate the current figure .
Send a request to a URL .
Return a list of paths to install .
Setup a TensorFlow device .
Find a specific language in a dictionary .
Test test .
Yields a generator that yields all currently running collectors .
Get all quoted strings from a string .
Fetch a journal entry .
Update the ports list
Get the size of an object .
Get all endpoints from a segmenttable
Redirect to the given URL .
Runs flowgram and logs output to log file .
Delete an image tag .
Returns the jinja template for this year .
Return tracer for given process ID .
Return a regular variable name .
Test if two values are the same .
Get user info from cookie .
Browse a HTML object .
Return the set of all ancestors of a node .
Check the movable order .
Replace the prefix with the given prefix .
Checks if the given boundary is inside the boundary of the boundary .
Filter a list of cubes based on crowd_threshold .
Wrapper for get_value .
Prepare earth position velocity and velocity
Parse a snippet file .
Multiply a numpy array with the given indices .
Returns True if the given IP address is private False otherwise .
Install code .
Convert a hex color to a tuple .
Get the list of eol characters from the OS name .
Format RFC3339 - formatted datetime .
Returns a copy of the credentials with the given scopes .
Create a qemu image
Run an incrontab command on the minion
Mail a reply to a user .
Parse a string representing an interval .
Convert a job sub - type to a root action .
Get a list of module names and module module .
Load overrides from a file .
Detect if the LLVM is allvm .
Returns the contents of the openshift version .
Detect a Dbf file .
Return a generator that yields partial entity in the datastore .
Requote a URI .
Invert databit to databit .
Handle abstract declaration .
Raise exception if invoke version is less than invoke version .
Create a Java app env from the given app name .
Get all role assignments for a user
Generate keys for a given set of bits .
Test the RUS fit of a two - dimensional RUS .
Returns a boolean list containing the problem section has problems .
Extract a line from text .
Create a SAML provider .
Drop an existing database .
Logout from client .
Restore app status .
Calculate the distance between two sequences .
Return a list of available queues
Return a flat list of absolute paths in dirname .
Get a list of Feed s for a given campaign type .
Example fixture .
Wrapper for dmp_gf_gmp_list .
Demonstration of stemming .
Print a list of commit IDs .
Import a file .
Clear the keystring of the keyparser .
Add intersection indexes to the xintersection list
Compare the time - series data of the TFR .
Get a colormap .
Get the cost functions from configuration .
Reshape an array to a new shape .
A test fixture .
Add text arguments to a dict .
Convert a long integer to a raw byte string .
Convert a module reference to an object .
Returns True if the given resource is enabled False otherwise .
Wrap the given function with a warning message .
Get all messages from the session .
Runs an openssl command with the given arguments .
Encode an extension .
Returns a tuple of tuples containing a directory containing a directory containing a directory containing all of the templates
Show information about an IPsec site connection
Draws the current figure if it is in interactive mode .
Checks if a vlan interface exists .
Test that the maximum similarity of the submission is equal .
Replace target with replacement .
Register a gemm optimizer .
Verify a snapshot of the given repository .
Delete a collection summary
Return a string representation of a file - like object .
Browse the user .
remove a job
Sigmoid .
Find the number of missing elements .
Return a list of nodes
Get window analysis .
Whitelist passwords in the database .
Creates a lower - level equivalent to lower - built - in operator .
Return a divider of self .
Decodes a JSON string .
Asynchronously read in in memory in memory .
Get full spec without validating it .
Configures the autoscape .
Create a reference node .
Return a new interpretation .
Concatenate epochs_list .
Find the intersection of graphs .
Load a config file .
validate a string
Execute a command on the minion
Return a key for a guestbook_name .
Build a survey question from a series .
Publish a notification to users .
Render a template from a given dictionary .
Return the value of a key matching the given key .
Return True if value is a timezone aware datetime .
Remove a file from an asset
Convert an array to frombuffer .
Benchmark the isotonic_regression of the given time .
View to create a new document .
Main entry point for pip .
Create a Keras model from a yaml string .
Format a parameter value .
Redirect to the given url .
Escape given HTML .
Get the current user name .
Runs the test suite .
Get the CPU arch .
Get session data
Load a Python library .
Return the sum of squares of a sequence .
Mock stdout and stderr
Add or update the orbit if it is large .
Run serial .
Get the image member of an image .
Get a service by host .
Convert a string or None to a URL .
Simplify a query into a simple conjunction .
Get the cluster version
Return the email address of an advertisement mail .
Return the virtual cache
Validate a config object against a schema .
Find a SR object from a vbd .
Return a list of column parameters for each column .
Route a function to a model .
Update or update a target .
Get information about a user .
Try to get the version from the given file .
Ignore comments and line numbers .
Create a figure manager
Setup the platform callback for this device .
List storage accounts
Configure the logging configuration .
Test equality of op inheritance .
Return True if the backup mode is valid .
Get a component review
Convert a PKCS string to an IP address .
Return a list of all active states in the environment
Add a skip patch .
Coerce a yes or no input string into a python object .
Test if the values of x are evenly sized
Get the server directory .
Returns the virtual machine name .
Remove the traceback from the given traceback .
Parse a list of dictionaries into a table
Unregister all registered models
Test that the code used to generate the generated code .
Log a debug message .
Create a variable variable .
Get the next URL to redirect to .
Convert a sequence matrix to a string representation .
Search for a script in the environment .
Generate keys for a given qubits .
Get the previous version tag
Convert txt to a namespace
Return a list of disabled daemon services .
Return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary .
Load a package into the sys . path .
Returns the sum of the number of active columns .
Run a test module .
Get filter function .
Convert a datetime to a time .
Return the returners of the minion
Normalizes string to lowercase .
Get a pixmap .
Find a version number from a file .
Test if a good algorithm option is valid .
Verify service type
Compute a multicative expression .
Submit a pyspark job .
Returns the path of the current process .
Test the history of history import .
Delete artifacts from the datastore .
Ensure that the entry is enabled .
Fetch requirements from a requirements file .
Return a translated file from a store
Create a lease strategy .
Change the display name of the display .
Check the smote estimator .
Generate a LaTeX representation of the given node .
Convert a short integer into a dictionary .
Get the number of open file descriptors .
Convert a resource to a topic .
Save answers to database .
Compare basic math class .
Try to import cython .
Decorator to annotate an nd option .
Creates all the territories in the given country .
Request the application detail url .
convert a string to educated ashesold .
Calculates the Gammai - p - value of a chi2 distribution .
Override setuptools to override setuptools .
Shortcut for metric_name .
Find the feat part of the artist .
Check if numpy is available .
Generate a source image from a source file .
Test to see if replace update column via setitem . warning is used .
Save an object to an HDF5 file .
Get the local IP for the interface
Assert that two datetime objects are equal .
Setup APC platform .
Generate a cookie string .
Extract payload from msg payload .
Filter out nodes that are subclasses of superclass .
Write output to filename .
Escape a list of strings .
Center and scale x .
The action for the current commit item .
Format an exception into a string .
Test whether an outdated flag is flagged .
Return True if value is not scalar .
Return a list of committees .
Delete a resource .
Invert a dictionary to its keys .
Create command line options .
Load test tests and generate test data .
Get the geometry output of an element .
Create a datetime from a timestamp .
Create a new hash function .
Write a JSON file to a temporary file .
quote a string
Create a group option .
Run the Lease server .
Create missing metrics for the given view .
Add a message prefix to the context .
Compare two point values .
Open a p2g file .
Return the path to a repo
Get the status of a process .
Runs install_folder using relative path .
Return True if funcname is valid JSONP format
Creates a simple tag for a check .
Checks if active tcl is active .
Format all of the given files as JSON .
Manually connect to a remote server .
Get a team from the state .
Persist the current clipboard .
Batchinv .
Return the next frame .
Reindex the answers queryset .
Create a descriptor for a protobuf message .
Remove constant arguments from a lin_op .
Get available languages .
Returns a resolver for the given resource type .
Returns True if the given employee is a holiday .
Simplifies a path by simplifying the given radius .
Return True if enabled False otherwise .
Run digests on a host
Get plugin requests .
Extract the number of bytes from a bitstream .
Derivative of residue reduction .
Join a list into a single string
Returns a list of blog structures .
Hashes a password
Get validity of registration code
Validate the config data .
Calculate the constraint for a sphere .
Return whether the given entry should be skipped .
Return True if the given dtype can represent the given dtype .
Perform a DELETE request .
Return a list of filenames from the current directory
Iterate over the format_mode and format_mode
Sets up the test tools for testing .
Ensures that the named project is absent .
Compute the summary of a given collection
Compare screenshots against filename .
Return options for Pifaccacc .
Randomly shuffle arrays .
Load image from file .
Find and return an elasticsearch address by device ID or device_id
Add a code cell to the notebook .
Create the SHA1 hash of the item .
Run a multilink network .
Generate a file with the given function fname .
Parse a header string and return a list of links
Verify a message signature .
Get the name of the init output
Return a tuple containing the virtualname of the minion
Read the CTC correction record from a file .
Return information about the OS release .
Test test for RGB images .
Corrects the eigenvalue of a matrix p according to the eigenvector p .
Connect to a SSH service
Create a module and its parents .
Split patterns_spec into ignore patterns and ignore patterns .
Ensure the named service is running .
Ejects a set of monomials into a DMP .
Generate an MD5 hash for the given string .
Read count double .
Encrypt the given message with the given key .
Parse a YAML file .
Shuffles a song .
Validate a slug .
Decorator to test if wtform2 and version is less than version .
Test function for test_tuple .
Return a list of keys matching pattern .
Handler for comments .
Get the sum dtype for dtype
Command line interface for running a command .
Updates the specified namespaces in the given item .
Checks if a route distribution is valid .
Convert a list of bytes to a hex string .
Helper method to repeat the API call .
Return a HMAC - SHA1 hash
Unfreeze the named file .
Create a moderator user .
Register a tag .
Stop the specified port .
Create EC2 volume reference .
Return the mood of a sentence .
Test if a user has no email .
Returns the last modified date of the object .
Convert a resource to a sink .
List all IPsecpolicies for a profile
Try to import an optional package .
Get the ssh interface for a VM
Sample from the ROI model .
Determine the encoding of a given text .
Return the file line number .
Return information about a gluster volume
Get a modification function from a callback function .
Convert a list of values into a list of integers .
Set the index of a DataFrame .
HTTP DELETE method .
Remove an element from a pixlist .
Perform a slice of a function in a 2D slice .
Render an icon .
Tries to retry on failure .
Setup the platform .
A no op .
Evaluate code in given variables .
Get the platform s distribution .
Clear the current buffer .
Raise ValueError if obj is not a CUDA NDArray .
Creates a client to create an image .
Queue a list of models into a list of models .
Get a file from the cache .
Check if a file exists .
Show the details of a hosted service
Execute a salt call and return the result
Swap two axes .
Set carrier name .
Get a piece of text from a text file .
Serialize a dictionary to a pretty formatted string .
Build a header string .
Set the fake nodes .
Test if expr is in allowed_codes .
Create a tf . feature feature .
Processes an rheader record .
Renders an XML string using the given template .
Create a SQS queue .
Decode a list of preds .
Runs the test runner .
Split branchfile into two branches .
Compare two strings .
Start the named service
Get all messages from js files .
Add a port to a bridge
A context manager that extracts a compressed ZIP archive .
Convert a xr file to a string representation .
Linear interpolation .
Copy stat information from src to dst
Get the next URL from the request .
Wrap the switch case .
Parse a raw server into a dictionary .
Get a list of issues .
Update all tests in the specified directory .
Validate the template .
Convert a string of text into an autodetic word .
validate the config
Calculate the lm of a function .
Create a test fixture .
Export the states to a yaml file .
Run a git command .
Make a CA signed certificate .
Check if a connection is dropped .
Test validation k - fold validation .
Update user profile picture data URL .
Returns a list of specialized types for a given type .
Simplify eq .
Return True if ltype is a pointer type .
Check if a file exists in the include_dirs list .
Run code in run_globals .
Verify that this location is not known .
Format a timestamp as a string .
Store new ticket to ledger .
Generate a valid slug .
Returns a list of all mirror instances for the specified hostname .
Calculate the ARMA .
Add a new link to the subreddit .
Test permutation test for permutations of permutations .
Check to see if a keyring is present .
Base64 encode a string .
Unzip params from a dictionary .
Print a list of tenant networks .
Get a list of all the extensions in a CSR .
Returns uuid for label
Timer timer .
Returns a URL for the given viewname .
Get the last request error .
Test if the prewitt_hitt_h unit is horizontal .
install the reactor
Load a comparable certificate
Email admins .
Process polyline polyline .
Test setup for testing volume data .
Returns a list of UserEmailPreferences .
Memory cache .
Get a secret
Publish an async progress .
Create an image .
Returns a list of events to be sent to the request .
Sets the dirty state of the database .
Update client permissions .
safe version of np . inf
Computes an MDFT
Validates that the given string is in the correct format .
Get the contents of a file in the given directory
Compute the complex Fourier Transform .
Update the roles for the course .
Get the size of a directory in bytes .
append an xmltextnode to parent
Test if two dates are equal .
Convert unicode characters to HTML .
Get list of models to patch .
List all tmux configs .
Register a local route .
try to find an import plugin
Update the user s subject mentions .
Returns whether the given element is focused on the specified element .
Generate HMAC - SHA - 256 HMAC - SHA - 32 - bit secret
Test if datetime is aware of timezone aware .
Unmount a volume
Returns a list of PIDs .
Remove intersections from loop .
Generate random image name .
Return the value of x .
Open a ddbm file .
Install prerequisites for the package
Select item from x and t .
Sets the value of a nested data structure .
Get the path to the python package .
Require a password change .
Generate a python path to a python package .
Return the name of the computer
Remove duplicate items from a sequence .
Set the agent settings for the specified contact .
Read a signature from a file .
Calls apiproxy calls
Compute a single - valued set of measures .
Recursively sort a collection .
Check if an object is a function .
Test pooling .
Convert a JSON string into a string .
Perform CDL3 outside of a BARD .
Get the display names of the credit provider
Route the user to the logged in user .
Retrieve a resource by ID .
Construct an algebraic algebraic algebraic .
Compute a higher power .
Look up a schema by name .
Return True if the system is virtual
Raise an exception if the value is not in the range of non - zero .
Convert unicode to local .
Remove all characters from a string .
Handle a delete message .
Get the IP address of the current host
Get the disk backing file for a given image
Change the gid of a group
Get the version number
Return True if the RTSP table is available in the IP address table .
Fires information about an instance .
Remove a root from a list of paths .
Wrap text .
Executor for bulk rename
Determine whether the array is contained in choices .
Retrieve a registration by email address .
Convert a 2D constant to 1d .
A decorator that registers a user with a login error message .
Interpret a process and wait for it to finish .
Runs the test suite .
Raises an AssertionError if actual is not equal to the expected value .
Parse a single table from a source
Creates a tag that renders all registered actions .
Returns the URI prefix for the desktop .
Enable the given module in the given module .
Return True if polya is full inside polya .
Get a piece of text from a text file .
Handle iteration statement .
Extract a boolean value from a string .
Test if the world object should be emitted by the class .
Test if the main module is running .
Checks if the given node is an abstract method .
Returns the full coursealk course key for the given course_key .
Check if a file is readable .
Return True if user can edit a given user .
Submit a calculate_may_enroll_csv task .
Ensure all links in a container are valid .
Convert mnc to MVK .
find the piversion
Runs a command and returns its output .
Returns a list of paths that cover the lineation of close path .
Setup two axes for two polar axes .
Calculate a cone .
Test the networkcle fitting a single class .
Test that unit summary is well formed .
Disable the context manager .
Return the minimal value of a value .
Hash a file
Return a json response
Get external IP address .
Assign a resource to a resource
Return a socket listening for events .
Raise a cryptounf if not available .
The default theme for the project
Compute the maximum of x along axis .
Return True if current window is in Qtconsole .
Return disabled services .
Return a set of uri schemes supported by the given uri
Get the documentation from the vim .
Return a panel from parents
Get a sqlite3 db connection .
Update the model options for a model
Return a human - readable time zone string .
Test whether the power expansion of a string is valid .
Load content types from a mimetype file .
Test port .
Run a control command .
Returns the unit price for the given line .
Argument parser .
Render a dashboard tag .
Delete a queue .
Check if a given entry is a valid fingerprint .
Insert a new tab .
Logarithm of x .
Greedy wrapper around greedywrap wrapping function .
Find all substring matching the given trie .
Run a workerctl command .
Assert that item1 is before item2 .
Test the sensor value from the code .
Get rounded toplaces string from decimalplaces .
Wait for the snapshot to be updated
Subtract the subsequence between two strings .
Create a list of option values .
Remove tags inside a block .
Print the julia code for the given expr .
Order a list of locations .
returns an image file
Calls a service in a sample
Blend an image onto a canvas .
Parses a RFC822 compliant date string into a datetime object .
Get a list of all regions in the region .
Removes duplicate words from a string .
Register a schema for a schema .
Print summary of results .
Formats an HTML string with the given arguments .
Extract the TOML version from the TOMcat output .
Parse all tests in test_source .
Return a new repository that will be used to create a new repository .
Get n bit integer .
Uploads the deploy tool .
Add a value to a value .
Ensure data is a complex scalar .
Create a wsgi resource
Add a host to an aggregate host .
Calculate the name of a backing volume .
Returns a list of keywords .
Returns a list of all power types found in fence files
Handle websocket requests .
Login to Google Voice .
Render a permission denied for a template .
Return True if the minion is present False otherwise .
Prints a message to the console .
Call ht trend mode .
Parses input spec into a vgsl_input .
Get a template library .
Return the path to the runtime .
Get available models .
Require a set of requirements .
Show a vocabulary .
Return a list of inactive VMs .
Extract the package name from a dict .
Parse a comma separated list of tokens .
Remove media list from media list .
Remove excesspyc files from a path .
Return the URL for a given module .
Include CSS from S3 .
Check if the value of the column is aligned .
Cleans up a post_delete signal .
Return the integer bitwidth in bytes .
Return a dict containing information about an upgrade available .
Normalize a given href .
Initialize layer parameters .
Return the commutation matrix for a given transition matrix .
Compare distance comparison .
Turn a colon hex value into a hex string .
Step through the model and run each scenario .
Generate a managed section for the managed cluster .
Returns a human - readable representation of a number of seconds .
Fetches a set of streams for a plugin .
Raises an exception if the string is not valid .
Get the bounds from a loop .
Validate the response and raise an exception if it is not ok
Project vector onto vector w .
complete a list of commands
Compute the summary of an exploration .
Flag a user if it has been received .
Initialize arguments .
Get instance from identity map .
Log a warning message .
Build a test fixture .
Get the minimum value of a list of complex paths .
Return a new multiprocessing manager .
Return True if alphabets are compatible False otherwise .
Check if a role exists
Setup the device switches .
Delete one or more models .
Execute a job .
Return a string representation of a given string .
Calculate the duration of the duration in seconds .
Returns the name of the dtype for the given obj .
Parses the given string into a list of Particles .
Return a list of qualified targets in qualified_list .
Normalize html .
Get a random appid from a remote url .
Create a tablib dataset .
Deletes a zone .
Get a scatter property from an entity protobuf .
Unregisters a mimetype handler .
View for logout .
Apply SQLAlchemy to expr .
Checks if a file is empty or not .
Tries to enter a standby group .
Returns a list of IPv6 addresses .
Get a reference to a stylesheet reference .
Call a method on a symbol
Checks environment variables and exits .
Returns a mapping of mptt result .
Test whether rfill is full .
Assert that all instances of a list are of instances .
Return the UID for the specified pool
Reload CSF
Strips transient sysmeta_prefix from a key .
Rename a file .
Convenience method to broadcast multiple arrays .
Start a VM .
Test the volume source source .
Return the ipet command to use .
Render a template to kml
Add negative positives to a list .
Install a package .
Raise a Jinja error .
Test that all rows are equal .
Get the machine s machine .
A decorator that converts strings to strings .
Test that feature loaded from file is loaded .
Return a datetime string with the given timestamp .
duplicate f - division function .
Hash a file
Yield successive n - sized chunks from seq .
Compute the components of a function .
Return True if the pending registration should be approved .
Checks that two polynomial objects are almost identical .
Delete a rule from the named rule .
Launch a softwareswitch .
Test completion for default parameters .
Recursively merges a file or directory .
Reverse XML - escape .
Build a rex page .
Convert a bytestring to lowercase .
This method will print the user to the console .
Execute a statement asynchronously .
Verify an OAuth request .
Load a model from disk
Add hrm variables for the user
Ensure a role is absent
Check if a string is a channel .
Upload a template and reload it
PLINK BUSY packet .
Escape a legacy HTML string .
Build a filter from a list of dicts .
Decorator to mark a subnav_links as deprecated .
Commit changes .
Validates that a string is valid .
Extract items from a tabfile .
Split a URL into a path and query part .
Recursively load a namespace .
A context manager for nested managers .
Convert number of cycles to seconds .
Get a description string from the specified lines .
Test install from a file .
Returns a device adapter type
Run all the tests .
Return the profile class for the auth profile .
Set diagnostics list .
Remove semicololons from CSS .
Return HMAC SHA256 hash of message .
Get a namespace by its id .
Return a new expression collate with the given collation .
Perform a regex search on a string
Return True if the plugin is enabled .
Convert timedelta to float .
Read a decimal number .
Recursively delete all files in a directory recursively .
Return a compiled regex for indexname .
Convert bytes to a chunk .
Partition a list of nodes into a list of nodes .
Return a list of placeholders for the extend function .
Test whether the page - links plugin is enabled .
Extract elem from parent .
Check if the user is fresh .
Check if the given address is a valid IP address .
Parse the size and size of the given kinds .
Get a dictionary of attributes for an object .
Move a file from src to dest_path .
Load the default image font data .
Parse a format method string .
Get a CA signed key .
Get a list of url arguments from a response .
Test whether the given string is annotated by UTF32 .
get geometry output by connection
Get a hash value
Make a local path from a string .
Print search results .
Test if a python script is not installed .
Calculate the maximum absolute value of an array .
Setup the device .
Print version information .
Convert a list of file names to a filename .
Processes a given bitmap file .
Test threading .
Recursively iterate over all strings in a dictionary
Check if obj is a valid binary operation .
Cast ob to target class
Generate nbins .
Validate password .
Create a crypto object .
Find the network with the given bridge .
Draws the spectral layout onto the graph .
Align nucleotide sequences to a pairwise alignment .
Returns a tuple of Tensor s dataset and test sets .
Prompt the user for a choice from the given options .
Define error handler .
Get a media instance position .
Pretty print the parameters of a dictionary .
Decorator to skip a function if it is lms .
Parse autopart rule .
Get a list of statuses sorted by date
Return the site .
Get the system path for a venv .
Enable automatic ratelimit configuration .
Convert value to floatx .
Wrap a password command .
Run a test on the collection with n errors .
Return a piece of text from text .
Test whether the negative distance is positive .
Edit a retention policy .
Add a string to the output .
Creates a property setter for a dictionary .
Get the contents of an S3 object and delete it .
Get a string representation of a type .
Return Ansible integration context .
Get the IP for a sentinel master
Return a list of repository dependencies .
Iterate over fields .
Perform a remount on the device .
Send a message to a room .
Return a skew - product of a .
Add endxmltag to output .
Print a context manager that prints the current context .
Unquoted quotes from text .
Generate a list of files for a given package .
Pretty print order line .
Gets a list of groups for a project .
Check if a string is a canonical integer .
Set all of the hosts and hosts .
Returns the bridge name of a vif
Match sort key .
Default export transform function .
Returns True if the request has CORS features .
Raise a ValueError with the given value .
Load rules from a saved file .
Create a database .
return the current cpusount .
Get the revision number .
Convert a version string into a tuple .
Get HTML for a group feed .
Initialize a matplotlib viewer .
Concatenate multiple models .
Run the main loop .
Return a formatted version of text .
Get package name from a file path .
Formats an HTML string using the given separator .
Add the list of models to the list of models .
Get information about a package .
Sort two Namespace objects .
Train the model .
set window size
Return a boolean indicating whether the file exists .
Calculate default variables for the operating system .
Find all snippet files in the given directory .
Calculate the current plurality and frequency of the given items .
Given a list of test_songs return a list of sid ids .
Get the value of a node annotation .
Get snapshot data
Return session counter .
Write a string table to a file .
Raise an exception .
Apply dispatch to a dispatch request .
Prints an error to the context .
Return True if the ignore_paths matches the ignore_paths .
Load glyph from file f .
Calculate and return the first and last day .
Get list of driver drivers .
Return a 1D array with 1 - dimensional vectors .
Calculate the shift between two bits .
Return a 3x3 rotation matrix around a given axis .
Returns True if the given package is available False otherwise .
Return the commit message for the given commit message .
Creates an email task
Decorator to allow public attributes to be public .
Get fields of a datastore resource .
Calculate the rotation matrix of two - dimensional vectors .
Test if parameters are equal to num_params .
Returns a list of all enabled modules .
Return grains from master pillar
Prepare lookup value .
Test to see if read is not read .
Convert an iterable to a string .
Lazily retrieve a list of service agents .
Detects all Windows Registry paths in a list .
Set the properties of an image
Set all gl entries for a given account .
Get all the messages from a report .
Quote a string .
Initialize lib2 .
Parse a date into a string .
Find a migration repository .
Recursively process a list of rules into a list of rules .
Inject command line arguments and environment variables .
Convert a text representation of a string into binary form .
Get the size of the terminal .
Convert a batch to a scipy sparse matrix .
Cache a local file
URL to remove tag from question .
Inject functions into _pyopengl .
Get the URL for a given remote .
Check if two rectangles collide with the given rectangle .
Extract error message from page .
Set the proxy for the given user .
Return True if name is not ignored .
Get the title of a media instance .
Start logging to a file .
Ping the server
Return a list of all proxy servers in the minion
Parse onblog date string .
Generate a new entry id .
Get a metric by name .
Test for debugging settings .
Decode a base64 string .
Generate a random salt .
Format a list of statuses .
Create AES cipher .
Add a list of vertexes to the output .
Split an iterable into chunks .
Require a segment_info section .
Get the access key .
Get the current job .
Removes a directory if it is empty .
Return whether the given user is visible or not .
Returns a list of scopes for the given service names .
Return a sorted list of strings that are not in the same order .
Removes leading blank lines from a list .
Check that the bower version is less than the version
Get the name of an object .
Generate a random password .
Get a piece of text from a text file .
Create a manifest from an xmlf file .
Convert plaintext to HTML .
Check if port inacknowledge is inacknowledge .
Format a number of bytes into a human - readable string .
Create a handler for qutescheme .
Horizontally concatenate a sequence of tensors .
Initialize readline variables .
Resize image to png .
Whether the given action is required .
Adds a draft for the given node .
Sends an email to the user .
Define the translatable languages .
Create a copy of a query option stoprot protocol buffer .
Compute the angle of a rotation matrix .
Retrieve the human readable representation of an S3 user .
Splits a quoted string into a tuple of strings .
Register a server - side coroutine .
Safely update dict_to .
Create a group manager .
Load images from a list of images
Generate a string representation of a table .
Create a recurring run for a particular job .
Returns True if x is at least 1 times
Update extra_specs for a volume type .
Find all tests in the given directory .
Add a time to a time .
Initialize a logger .
Compute the contrast of all pairs of pairs .
Get root device name from properties .
Filter the isotropic filter of the signal .
Returns a function that can be used to retrieve the tag vocabulary .
Test for pick_channels .
Parses ownership data for the given XML data .
Find the left point of a list of points .
Initialize the database .
Returns a list of types associated with the given qos_spec .
Convert a protobuf timestamp to a datetime . datetime .
Cache a resource id .
Create a tarball
Set the logger class .
Return the minimum number of elements in ds
Return a 2 - D Fermi representation of an integer .
Get a BeautifulSoup BeautifulSoup .
Compute the difference between two nodes .
Send a notification of a new language
Compute the kernel of two data vectors .
Make a link to a volume
View a job .
Get a zone by name .
Cull a list of potential matches .
Open a resource .
NAME xlsx . py
Create pairtree marker for pairtree .
Primitive version of the graph .
Creates a new app factory .
Context manager to silence sys . stdlib .
Test that the filtermax is equal to the max norm .
Validate a string and compare its delimiter .
Get the readme files for a given repo_url and return a dictionary containing the readme files
Read croninfo .
Returns a list of all the milestones that are gating .
Creates a certificate issuer id .
Check if user has permission for a given user .
Run test on dae yaml
Processes ESCAPE characters .
Parses ararefaction file name and returns a tuple with the required information .
Print information about a virtual machine .
Parse a range header .
Return the filename and module name .
Create a version for an upload .
Return a list of available modules .
Calculate the compression rate of the file
Add translations for a given plugin .
Get the result type of a test result .
Validate a URL
Remove packages from a package list .
Get the numba type for a dataset .
Show BokehJS action .
Generate a datetime from uuid1 uuid1 uuid1 uuid1 uuid
Create DHCP options .
Scan the variables in the given line .
Convert an array to a contiguous numpy array .
Returns the angle radians of the element node .
Lookup the candidates in the given task .
Remove the title of the page .
Validate and validate a parameter .
Initialize the rcsetup module .
Add two dictionaries .
Compute the idx and projection of an array .
Generate a list of model verbose name and verbose name .
Return the type of an image
Return information about the instances in the cloud
Check if a device exists .
Test that the markers are shown .
Get a password from the prompt .
Create a delimited list .
Return a list of all testcases in a module .
Get all PCI devices by UUID .
Benchmark R6 .
Generate a JID .
Decorator for rmtree errors .
Returns an instance of qtwidgets .
Depends the given object to the device memory .
Returns the version of the HTTP server .
Connect to a database connection .
Run a command and return the doc string .
Generate a key for descending duration .
Return True if file is a tty .
Convert a RGB array to RGBA .
Return True if the transaction id is duplicated .
Return a dictionary of checks for the agent .
Helper function for creating a new IDE controller .
Convert an image into a BLOB blob .
Perform profiling on profiling .
Convert p to unicode if necessary .
Parse a string and return a Date object .
Returns the length of the longest ids
A context manager that handles a value error .
Add endpoints from a segmentlist to a segmentlist
Simplify a parser return a simplified parser .
Convert a version string into a tuple .
Set username and group .
Get the configuration of the managed cloud
Given a command name and a help text return a list of strings .
Return a consumer object .
Return the offset of the given version as a string .
Validate a hostname
Get video time .
Return a version from version_string .
Convert an IPv4 address to a hex string .
Decorator to run a function on a WSGI environment .
Initialize a connection .
Conjugate floating point numbers .
generate pairwise cxcounter
Lowess level function for lowess .
Split a host into a tuple .
Generate a python template .
Read end - archive data from file .
Raise an exception with a comma separated comma .
Compute the MNE of the MNE
Returns a list of localized locale names .
Get the name of a Linux adapter .
Redirect to S3 .
Return a minified version of JavaScript .
Remove a security group .
Return the tooltip for a node item .
Handler for bad requests .
Validate an XML file against an XML file .
Assert that the scenario description matches the description .
Calculate the covariance matrix of the MCMC2 model .
Sends emails to a celery task .
Print basic debug information .
Writes a message to the root logger .
Handles the status of the changeset .
Deconstruct a timestamp from an asset id .
Return a boolean indicating whether the minion is virtual
Sends the email for the consumer .
List the certificates for a service
Escape a string .
Decorator for sorting values .
Normalizes a float .
Shortcut for a URL .
Remove compiled application .
Return a long description .
Index transaction .
Get the backup mode .
Get a logger .
Returns the URL for a given view .
Find a primitive value in an x0 .
Monkey patch gevent module .
Return True if osx is installed on the platform .
Register a yank nth argument .
Unescape a string .
Get a language variant from a path .
Get the bounds from a list of paths .
This function is called when the cronjobs are created
Return the language code that matches the given language code .
Convert a list into a tuple .
Creates a spacer for the bot .
Generate testcases for allocated size units .
Run a script
Use the bot to get the response .
Write a list of messages to out .
Remove an identity from the device .
Change the permissions of a file or directory .
Make a file readable by filename .
Validate a commit message .
Return True if dist is in user_site
Wait for a volume to be updated
Make sure the class is unicode .
Transpose a numpy array into a numpy array .
Convert a string to RGB value .
Convert a value into a string .
Return the configuration dict for the given family
Serialize obj to JSON .
Get all uuids for a given host .
Deletes a document if it exists .
List installed apps .
Return an rfx object corresponding to a packetid .
Parse a list of sentences and return a list of parses .
Get the PyOS_INputh hook for PyOS .
Convert a jenkins response into a dictionary .
Calculate the filename of the image .
Detect whether CSV stream should be checked .
Add a summary to a collection of gradients .
Parse authentication credentials .
Log a message to the logger .
Validate a value .
write string to web context
Returns a dictionary containing the language information about the given site .
Convert a value into a Python object .
Convert a string to a list .
Registers a pdpcap command .
Drop missing values from y .
Emit the status of the journal
Creates a block of text
Test the decision tree .
List virtual interfaces .
Save buffer to database .
Get a group type by ID .
Convert a UIDB36 string to a base64 - encoded UUID .
Register the daily ratings for yesterday .
Enable a service .
Run a protoc plugin
Test whether a table is a grouped copy .
Yield values from a flat BFS source .
Return the default nodename for the given hostname .
Wrapper around KPOST .
Find a location .
Find CSS by id .
Register available languages .
Handle password reset request .
Look for a readline .
Generate a generator that yields each item in the given function .
Test grid search .
Assert that first is equal to second .
Creates a shape from a path .
Concatenate tensors .
Set font .
Look up instance faults by instance uids .
Get the breadcrumbs from query and path .
Validate a bug tracker URL .
Call a command and wait for it to finish .
Add custom field values to the context .
Rebuild the marshalling python code .
Get effect indices .
Get a file descriptor for a lockfile .
Merge hosts and roles into a single list .
Raise an exception if a single key exists .
Round the number to the given number .
Click an element .
Helper to get a method from an xunit .
Read the configuration from the save_config file .
Prepare asides_to_store_source_to_store .
Resume an instance
Truncate words to specified length .
Return the information for the pind commands
Helper function to check if the argument is not writable .
Check if gcs_uri is valid .
Render a tooltip .
Get the dtype of the given dtype .
Update the app versions of an addon .
Returns a dict with gecos .
Return a list of paths from a list of indexes .
Check if a string is not None .
Build a list of files in a directory .
Get a driver by name
Get the name of a function .
A context manager for isolate the lru cache .
Get dhcp lease for a virtual network .
Set the attribute dictionary by the given arguments .
Get the indices of the n - th n elements of the n - th batch .
Ensure all modules are not imported .
Load an object from a path .
Expand array dimensions .
Return True if two tensors are equal .
Convert a list of issues to a dictionary .
Get file system encoding .
Review the activity of addons signed events .
Return a list of strings in the system .
Get mac address from interface .
Multiply this variable with another .
Generate a dataset file from a dataset .
Convert a geometry element node to geometryoutput
Create a bar chart from an iterable .
Reshape x if necessary .
Run code hook .
Test if batch normalization is propagated .
Embed an album into an image .
Execute a given command .
Randomly seed x .
Test a single user .
Strips HTML and non - unicode characters from an XML element .
Return the bitmode of a mode .
Calculate the sum of elements of x .
Convert the geometry node into a geometryoutput element .
Handles existing loggers .
Get hardware info from a list of clients .
Linear interpolation function .
Traverses a copy of x and returns a new one .
Verifies that context is not text .
Perform multiprocessing .
Create a new flavor .
Parse command line arguments .
Find the LCS of two sequences .
Return the offset of the minion
Plot a polar .
Parse a response from an XML response .
Setup logging .
Return True if n is a tuple .
Patch the clustering step in emr .
Get the path to a virtualenv resource .
Return sentinel object .
Require a user to access a document .
Deprecated .
Validate autocomplete .
Parse a dson file and return a dict .
Page for viewing a project in a project .
Write string to file .
Update tools database .
Send a message to the rack .
Trigger the restart process .
Extract descriptions from input files .
Returns True if the given requirement is available .
Ensure the user s CSRF cookie has changed .
Setup the device .
Validate that value is a valid slug .
Test if a file is not a lock on the data .
Helper function to create parameters for a curve value .
Return load data for a given jid
Runs a user flag on a virtualenv .
Test the ROI .
Test for testing .
Get the current working directory .
Add a path to infillpaths .
List Vrrp instances
Rebulk release group
Parse a normal line .
Resolve annotations to a list of tuples .
Returns a list of categories ordered by number .
Convert an IP address to binary form .
Return IPv6 address in IPv6 address .
Search for a list of ports
Get the filename of makefile .
Binary operator .
Poll the network stats for the given interval .
Return the rootdir of a path .
Enable a jenkins job
Create a figure manager .
Return a rendered HTML template .
Perform a crypto login
Sum the parts of the given data .
Merge two dictionaries .
Convert a timedelta to a number of days .
Serialize data to JSON .
Create a templated plugin .
Summarize two snapshots .
Return a basename of a string
Get a tenant by name .
Write the contents of a file .
Calculate the gradient of a constant expression .
Return the partition of a value value .
Base64 decoder for base64 commands .
Test for outdated editables .
Generate name and category .
Distribute the keys to the SSH server .
Return a list of paths to manipulate .
Runs the app on the appengine .
Get pillar data
Disable the password authentication .
Load the bucket metadata
Create a test image on a circle .
Test if conditionally fit the parameter space .
Lists all users in a database
Return a context object for the current commit .
Get a piece of text from a text file .
Wrapper for running a watch
Pretty print a frame relation type .
Get a pipeline to download a file .
Write output to a file .
Get a servicegroup by name
Query the notes for a user .
Get the name of the arguments of a function .
Print error message to stderr .
Indent text in buffer .
JSON handler for json requests .
Given a list of circles return a list of loop intersections .
Write a start block .
Return the information for a specific jid
Restore warnings state .
Convert a URL into an absolute version .
Get color name for a given value .
Skip a file to check if it is not in the same directory .
Return the current runlevel
Generate indices and sample indices .
Set environment variable .
Create an error message .
Return True if all elements in l are exactly n
Calculate the butter - lp and p - l p - p - p - p -
Get a kernel object .
Test to see if the text in polar_catsource can be used .
Return netstat routing information
Creates the init file .
Initialize the virtual machine .
Test if extra requirements are installed .
Compute perceptron output .
PDF for p .
Checks the version number and raises a CuratoreException if version_max is less than the
Get a release by id
Perform a float check on the input .
Create an undirected graph .
Evaluate a function as a test server .
Decode a base64 - decoded base64 encoded string .
Sanitize a filename .
Combine multiple ranges into a single tuple .
Pretty print obj .
Get indexer for xem indexer
Initialize the zoneinterval table .
Sanitize a URL .
display graph
Extract arguments from an object .
Compute the log PDF of a vector .
Generate a URL for a data type .
Update the collection summary .
Create a loop param .
Is the current event safe?
Evaluate the model without testing .
Build a pip install command
Route a table view .
Reset the locale .
Return True if unicode is printable .
Returns the machine key .
Takes a custom exception and converts it to a string .
Return True if the segment matches the given segment .
Test if statsd fails .
Split sequence into chunks .
Prints a message to stdout .
Combine multiple drives into a single list .
Get a class from a string .
Lower getattr for deferred types .
Find the credentials for the minion
Convert a string to a URL - safe string .
Test the distances between two arrays .
Get all questions for a complete survey .
Wrap a negative index into an integer .
Render the content of the module .
Test if a file ends with a given list of endings .
Get a key from the config file
Ensure arg is a directory .
Enable a service .
Try to find a management module .
Check user tags for doctags .
Test that the maximum length of the feature name is valid .
Get a list of roles with the given permission .
Return the users of the given object .
Return a set of unresolved symbols .
Get locale .
Test that the kernel input is equal to integer .
URLquote a URL .
Render a template file and return it as a string .
Get a list of tiles from a list of layers .
Returns the user s favorite information .
Memoizes a file using a template .
Setup the sauce browser .
Return True if the given path is a directory .
Get raw data from pillar .
Get collection rights for a given collection .
Find the root of a resource .
Return a list of geometry output for the given derivation .
Inverse of permutation p .
Calculate Moving Average .
Clone a BSON element .
Get a new derivivation .
Create and return a pb server object .
Return a text representation of a journal .
Test if RGB to HSL .
Execute bot s command .
Whitelist all columns in the given board .
Manage application command .
Return the status of a task .
Replace ccroslashes in a string .
Set interactive mode .
Split a filter value into multiple values .
Run a test on the model .
Register basic HTML5 language .
Normalize the facts in the facts list .
join two segment tables
Validate input string .
Write to file descriptor .
Checks that the version of the PSD is plotted .
List organization revisions .
Convert MCMC to MNC
Extract the NDEF files for a particular season .
convert a list of paths to native paths
Cache the status of the channel
Serialize a Python object .
Returns an ordered dictionary of arguments and kwargs as a dictionary .
Wrapper for top2out .
Returns a mapping of block device names to block devices .
Merge two configuration files into the base .
delete all joinables
Register the format callback .
Creates a pathglobs from descendant addresses .
Get server type from docstring .
Generate a fingerprint for a channel_samples .
Check if x is an int
Convert a to a linearoperator .
Generate a datetime object .
Test for importorskinter .
Suspend a connection .
Check if image library library is available .
Get the endpoint for signing .
Check if a string is empty .
Filter the user and log the filter .
Accept connections forever .
Writes the corrected mappings to a file .
Read text file .
Process mistral config file .
Show the version of a device .
Authenticate with the given credentials .
Coerce current datetime to UTC .
Process URLs .
Create a typed row .
Ensures that the VPN route is valid .
Decorator to register a media URL .
Raises an AssertionError if the input is not a float .
Set a number .
Get step state by name .
Register a URL for a slug .
Retrieve hardware events .
Redirect to the login page .
Run command inside a directory .
write a file to a file
Disassociate all fixed IPs by timeout .
Main function for the program .
Get a value from an object .
Generate a signature for a public key .
Returns the foreground and background foreground for a given display name .
Checks if the response contains a vary header .
Get the path to a template file .
Generate a numpy array of functions
Configures a click command .
Temporarily set the locale in the context manager .
Iterate over types .
Test if the type of the icon matches the icon .
Calculate the APK .
Find all socket files in the search directory .
Load a yaml config file .
Returns a string representation of the IP version .
Execute the command .
Flattens a response into a single string .
Remove all keys from the database
Checks a render pipe string from a render pipe string .
Split a sentence into a list of sentences .
Generate a rheader for a vulnerability report .
Get the python installation path .
Returns the inverse of the multivariate polynomial .
Compute the tower loss .
complete a path
Proxy for proxy connect
Create a formstyle divs for the form style .
Convert a string to unicode .
Ensure that the pr fetcher is fetched
Recursively convert an object to an instance2str .
Run a bokeh installation .
Compute the singular value decomposition of an array .
Make a 2D list of arrays .
Add two log factors .
Double - url encode a t .
Parse comments .
Parse a list rule .
Add a name to a resource name
Create a document
Given a value and a queryset return a unique slug .
Remove permissions for the given document .
Get the output target extension .
Create a context for a given user .
Raise error on invalid directory .
Check if given path is an archive .
Test if pip is correct .
Determine if all words have the same length .
Load all modules in the given package .
Return whether or not the certificate should be shown for a course .
Activate the site packages from the environment .
Update a user .
Recursively update a dictionary .
Create a new cluster instance .
Formats the given module and package options .
Get the filename of the current state .
Helper function for _parse_ units .
Wrapper around parallelization for parallelization .
Shift a by b .
Test if the matplotlib figure should be preserved .
Return True if s is multiline .
Run test monitor .
Prompts the user to interact with the browser .
Convert a number of bytes into a human readable size .
Format a value as a currency .
Test if a multi - class label is imbalanced .
Deletes the builddir .
Assert that tpdiff2 has the same verbosity .
Construct a mapping of author IDs to authors .
Destroy a resource class .
Parse a pea file
Insert a db host into the database .
The autoencoder for sparse autoencoder .
Ensure a domain is absent
Install python from scratch .
Raises an AssertionError if the first is not the same
Test that the evaluation report is performed .
Test for regression .
Determines if f is irreducible in f .
Calculate the timeout for a given time range .
Fix up a short name .
Benchmark R11 .
Get the status of the sim state
Encode a thing in Python 3 .
Returns the initial data for the form .
View for the checkout form .
Expand a string into a string .
Create a set of types for an index .
Obtain information about show version .
Function called when channels have changed .
Wait for a job to complete .
Create a user and save it .
Creates a connection to Cloud loadbalancers .
Expand 32 - bit expansion .
Return the filename of a file .
Apply constraints to blockvector v .
Sting the HTTP request .
Get a hosting service by name .
Swap host_addr with host_addr .
Parse the options for a given interface .
Get proxies from the environment .
Creates a contextmanager that will restore the current working directory .
Get logging level for a given runlevel .
Setup the network device .
Read a record from a file handle .
Open the server .
Verify a file uploaded by a POST request .
Returns the type of the key .
A partial version of max .
Return the trailing blank lines .
Initialize the database .
Test if the template is in HTML .
Backtracking .
Convert an uncaught API error into a Python exception .
Returns a list of all videos in the course .
Parses a statement .
Register a string filter .
Check if all tasks are running .
Parse a mf result file and return a list of files .
Shows a single selection
Compute the refmatrix between two matrices .
Setup remote api stubs .
Get variables in a given scope .
Print indentation level .
Convert XML to string .
Remove all filenames from a descriptor .
Evaluate a syntax feature without checking it .
Connect to an SQS connection
Get all MFA devices associated with a user .
A context manager to block users .
Compute sha512_encode from t .
Register the contributors to the cronjobs .
Parametermine a and b .
Return a list of filenames that are not in excluded files .
Symmetric cross product .
Write conditional formatting .
Change the workphone of a gecosmo .
Return a dictionary mapping each fixer to a list of fix nodes .
Context manager that sets the in_sighandler to the given context .
Redirect to the master
Create a boolean column .
Return True if the key is not encrypted
Convert a number to a string .
Get ember app from settings .
Validate LMS settings .
Unregisters a hosting service .
A decorator that adds a login_notrequired to the decorated function .
Read and print an HTTP response .
Get a course s course section .
Deprecated .
Get the cwidth for a string .
Destroy a droplet
Test whether the download script can be created .
Convert an Sina XML string to a list of URLs .
Create a new Python environment .
Entry point for ansible module .
Calculate linear regression intercept
Center a vector x .
Runs the test suite .
Build a graph from the given cursor .
Builds a list of dictionaries representing the criterion for the AdGroup Id .
Decorator to mark a qdatastream as ok .
Check if two arrays are equal .
Find a drum group device .
Return the basename of a device
Prepare the environment for writing .
Decrease precision of length by length .
Render the HTML for a purchase form .
Get command to execute .
Edit an account .
Return id_or_obj if id_or_obj is not an id .
Generate extractors .
Find the valuerenderer for an RDF object
Convert a fileobj to a file descriptor .
Calculate an ellipsoid .
Create a default action for the default app .
Handle a namespace namespace .
Check if the given expr is enough to fit the given data .
Print error message .
Parse a line into a tuple .
An eagerload_all method .
Return number of seconds between timestamp and timestamp .
Parse an HTML string .
Return True if the minion is virtual
Run sanity checks on a file .
Set the creation order of an instance .
Prepare data for processing .
Send a message to a device .
Generate a symbolic factor .
Convenience wrapper for kegg_conv .
Return a redis server
Get a list of all available regions .
Compute the maximum of a variable .
Get a list of all files in the merged store .
Get remote resource limits .
Normalize envvars references .
Return whether the consent requirement required for the login .
Initialize multiprocessing .
Test if current directory is in lib_directory .
Set the dirty flag for a thread .
Return the identity of an input .
Iterate over all nodes in the heap and update the heap to the heap .
Get the decimal number of a locale .
Check that the property value is less than max_length .
Fold arguments from pysig .
Mark a function as skip_doctest .
Get a format writer by extension .
Test if unary operation is valid .
Compare two sets of objects .
A generator that unwrap the given testcase .
Bootstrap a container
Return True if the given path is a file or directory .
View a file .
Return a dictionary with the environment variables for test purposes .
Evaluates the given filters against the given filters
Perform a search query on a vti .
Reserve vlanid .
Notify any new translation of unit
Get the fields from a table
Returns a boolean indicating whether the virtual machine is virtual .
Test for precision and recall scores .
Calculate the eigenvalue of x .
Clean up random resources .
Get a list of network connections .
Build a URL for a schedule .
Generate a key from the given arguments .
Match keyword in a column .
Get the version number from version .
Evaluate the source estimate of the source .
Register a listener .
Reload the systemctl command .
Get geometry output from element node .
Compute a clade from a list of trees .
Creates a domain .
Extract a file from a filename .
Describe a device .
Test for 2D rotations .
Rename a DataFrame by column .
Route the user to the session .
Only allow unicode paths to be unicode .
Wrapper for redirect .
Test equality of the magnitude of the unit test .
Send an email notification .
Show schema versions .
Reject a suggestion .
Return True if two blocks are equivalent .
Run the correlation test .
Calculate CDLneck count .
Return a set of types that are not passable .
Indent a genbank string .
Return a list of job ids that match the given jid
Build a Wsgirequest request .
Check if a check exists
Parse a header line .
Return a string representation of a dictionary .
Checks if user has permission for given project
Test to see if the update column should be replaced .
Return a string representation of a dimension .
Return a 256 - bit version of the given image .
Get a collection summary by id
Perform a feature clustering .
Test if there are no options listed in order .
Simple test function .
Assert that a boolean is a boolean .
Remove whitespace characters from a string .
Factorize a list of iterables into a single list .
Return a normalized API url from a web URL .
Download S3 files .
Return the width of the tile in pixels .
Returns the body of the command to be sent to the command .
Remove a directory tree .
Formats the time difference between start and end time .
Return the line number corresponding to loc in a string .
Load a class from a class path .
Return a tuple containing the virtualname of the minion
Read a string noescape pair .
Migrate the objects slabels from the given obj_type .
Set the logger class .
Update the version number in the given file .
Rewrites a file .
returns a new derivation of an element node
Generate a Java test test for the specified class .
Get the sosfiltfilt filter .
Encode input to hex .
Load a movie .
Return a list of regex resolver patterns for prefix .
Get the index of a given enum key .
Create a devicendarrayrayray object from a numpy array .
Return the amount of time that the promo_health_key is in seconds .
Calculate the size of an array .
Demonstration of the datafeed
Check if a new version is available .
compute a boolean array of alleles
Returns True if the given tag is allowed to use the given user .
Runs a shell command .
Get the last modification time of an account .
Filter for numbers with no separator .
Checks if Azure version is available
Print all registered plugins .
Get the mmap from an array .
Run a str loader .
Parse a mime type and return its components .
Remove all cache backend caches
Apply the received command to the device .
Compare two event collections .
Return a boolean indicating whether the system is virtual
Build a COMPLETE CONTENT packet .
Check to see if a policy exists .
Parse absolute filepaths for absolute file paths
Test if all configs are not empty .
Route a file to a URL .
Assign permissions to resource .
Set the desired log format .
Attempt to grant access to shared folders .
Determine whether a given label is a directory or not .
Shutdown data source thread .
Perform an HTTP query
Returns the free cpus of this VM
Add notification driver .
Return the relative path to a relative path .
Set up multiple databases .
View facility management .
Initialize a dataflash logger .
Starts a stub for the given service .
Use the framework to use aioioio framework .
Search for a substring in a string .
Format a list of DNS records into a single string .
Extract events from keen .
Evaluate a square matrix .
Update a cygwin .
Test if column conversion error is correct .
Return a tuple containing the virtual machine s virtual
Add a trailing slash to a string .
Get the size of a file .
Create a default SSL context .
Delete one or more files from a blob store .
Init the link module .
Validate user name .
Set the type of the data type to be stored in p .
Sets the object s attribute .
Return the name of the image
Deploy a git repository .
Yield successive n - sized chunks from a list .
Return a dict of default URLs for the request .
Returns the version of ipet .
Format a datetime . datetime .
Validate email address .
Handle API call .
Check if a vlan exists
Return a copy of os . environ .
Stop touch app .
Replace regex with replacement .
Takes a mock_replay_template .
Test mock client .
Return a string representation of a project status .
Check if a domain name is valid .
Generate a cycle of colors .
Compute the final layer of the final network .
Download a file from a URL .
Build a postgres pg .
Parses a directive from a string .
Return a dict with the number of keys that start with lck
Execute a function on a connection .
Return a vector3 object from a list of floats .
Test a set of kr_points .
Join the given strings into a single string .
Format a floating point number .
Count the number of elements in an iterable .
Run a command on all the slave environments .
Return a list of strings .
Check if a point is added on a path .
Get the number of records in a query .
Import a set of rows from a stream .
Iterate over GPI11 format fields .
Get possible name fields for a given model .
Greedily split counts into buckets .
Print information about available JSONrpc commands .
Generate search labels .
Run a param .
Parse the VCPU pin set .
Edit a snippet .
Claims a WorkerClaim for a claimer .
Convert a version string to a list .
Find a rescue device by its instance .
Returns a set of installed apps .
Remove any missing values from a series .
Returns whether or not the scheduled schedule is enabled .
Show interfaces .
Return information about the server
Check if a file exists and is a valid file .
Plots legend onto axis .
Set the value of an integer variable .
Load a git repo into a git index .
Print alias .
Return a Failure instance from a JSON string .
Calculate a checksum of an IPv6 address .
Create a memoryview .
Generate a GCE test for a target and environment .
Simplify variable coefficients .
Format dhcp lease data .
Reset the module to the given destination .
Compute contrastive loss .
Get the username and key .
Initialize the directories
Returns the href of the response .
Check if a file matches a regex .
Replace prefix with given prefix .
Handle a variable .
Create an organization configuration object .
Enable remote login mode .
Check if the password matches the given username .
Returns a list of lun ids for the given mappings .
Configure a filter on the input file .
Perform a woeid search
Context manager for Django s secret model .
Set expression number .
Copy a template to a copy_to .
Validate that a string is valid .
Called when a future is completed .
Get keyword arguments for a given class .
START DTMF packet .
Test the fitness of the genome .
Get the registered registry .
Calculate the copula of a copula .
Preload multiple modules .
Translate a formula to a string .
Evaluate celery .
Returns True if the course is small enough for the user .
List a group package .
Initialize the modules .
Dump the contents of a schema .
Manage files created by cdn
Calculate a RSA public key .
Convert a list to a numpy array .
Set the value of a configuration key .
Redirect to an alternative URL .
Get a list of subplotspec from a list of axes .
Attach epics to a queryset .
Run zfs command squashed on the given arguments .
Encode an integer into a bytearray .
Convert a string value into a boolean .
Get the name of a user .
Main entry point .
Convert arguments and kwargs to a string .
Imports secedit config file
Set attributes of a queue .
Get the date for a given date
return a full path to afundamentals path
Delete a virtual machine
Render a field with label and label .
Randomly shuffle an array in - place .
Delete all strings in a generator .
Clear the cache from the cache .
Apply a change flag .
Split a string into a list of null strings .
Execute a shell command .
Get a tree of files that are not skipped .
Convert argument to positive integer .
Receive a buffer of bytes .
Run jsonreport on the server .
Get metrics from buddyinfo file
Mangle a for loop variable .
Build expected frequency matrix .
Resolves the given content into a toctree .
Return the path to the project s data dir
Returns True if setup_wizard is visible in setup . py
Make sure the error is raised
Compute the Hammingproduct of a list of matrices .
Wait for a file to write .
Update a comment .
Generate response headers .
Convert an IP address into a valid Rsync ip address .
Return a list of nodes from the workflow tree .
Start a VZ container .
Look up a VM by name .
Find tcl_tk . tcl . tcl
Set up the GPUs .
Parse a row using a list of parsers .
Return free bytes and total number of bytes for a folder .
Return True if the filter should be excluded .
Run a pull task .
Fetch a row
Convert a key value pair into a BSON BSON .
Test whether the given string can be written to a file .
Convert an image error to images service error code .
A decorator to mark a class as abstract .
Creates a directory if it doesn t exist .
Get the precision of an XML element .
Remove empty lines from text .
Deletes the named VM
Sets up the given trigger .
Decodes the input image into a dense channel .
Get a value from a config file .
Get a list of namespaces from the API .
Get a window analysis file from the window .
Checks that a reference is valid .
Make a link element .
Update a user policy .
Returns a function that can be used as a string .
Get a piece of text from a file .
Get module name from filename .
Get documentation for a module .
Test whether the user s columns are in the virtualenv .
Check if a loop intersects x and y coordinates .
Returns a string that can be used by distutils .
Detach a device from a pool
Set a channel s mask .
Add builddir to sys . path
Create a storage container
Called after tests have changed .
List permissions for a vhost .
Return a random slice of the queryset .
Create a channel definition .
Display an error message
Add a path to the environment if it exists .
Print available plugins .
Setup GPSD platform .
Convert audio to a temporary file .
Return a copy of the error_dict without whitespace removed
Translate glob to regular expression .
Lists the members of a team .
Install a conf module .
Deletes a contact field .
Remove the version from a href .
Unpack a python code .
Compare two fancy arrow images .
Linear recurrence generator .
Checks the csp pipeline .
Return True if two arrays are equal .
Get the items from a pocsuite file .
Update supported locales .
Get a list of cap email addresses for alert .
Close window .
Interpolate the cache slug .
Test whether the given object has the expected values .
Get the name of a file .
Index receivables .
Yields imports from separate lines .
Returns a configuration object with the versioneer configuration .
Pause a project .
Run the whitelist on the given files .
Determine the image type from an image metadata
Get a relationship .
Generate a URL for a document .
Get output filename .
Perform a insert query .
Redirect to an alternative URL .
Run the main loop .
Add a command to the tracklist .
Return a relative path relative to a reference path .
Calculate the distance between two triples .
Delete app tars from a given location .
Update translation catalogs .
Extract significant parts from a string .
Refresh the database .
Return the precession matrix for the capitaine in the capitaine .
Evaluate a 2D polynomial .
Test if both pipes are closed .
Get the stored primary server name .
Make a PUT request to an API endpoint .
Create a grader from a configuration dict .
Install the yum package .
Log an exception .
Parse the configuration of the marathon config node .
Set an icon file to an icon file .
Redirect webengine data to webengine s data_tmp .
Split the text into a dictionary with the key - value pairs .
Get the status of the group status .
Fetch all entities in the datastore .
Get test hooks from the given test_files .
Look up SSH host configuration for a given hostname .
Return a sequence of snippets in the test file .
Check if two numeric values are numeric string - like .
Extract order arguments from the request .
Set up a click command .
Creates a new admin user
Test that the step has a repr .
Iterate over the items in a mapping .
Test whether cx_oracle is installed .
Create and execute the engine
Returns a list of dbtables .
Set the title of the media player .
Remove a person from the current site .
Check if arg is overflow of ctype .
Decode a dictionary .
Parse openssh output .
Return the digest of a file .
Pretty print a dictionary .
Authenticated user profile .
Registers the escalate questions .
Gets a google search query
Return a middleware that will serve hug requests .
Returns True if the current thread policy has changed .
Deserialize a stream into a Python object .
Assert that x is 2D .
Get all volume types in a group .
Calculate the fitness for a genome .
Opens a cover .
Reset the API key for the current user .
Register the module with the given language .
Show gallery .
Calculate the bdrcorrection for a bakrcorrection
Return the name of the gpg command
Get the details for a given fort .
Get a piece of text from a SVG text .
Download a URL to a PDF .
Check if a string contains surrogates .
Format the coredump output into a dictionary .
Helper function to add local files to an archive
Return system release information .
Test if a sphere to cartesian .
Split a mime type and subtype into a tuple .
Return a dict of environ proxies for the given URL .
Emit the twiliost server .
Checks that the user has access to the given action .
Creates a pytesttest script for a test environment
Disable a server
Execute mac
Show migrations changes .
Creates a site link feed item .
Get the value of the operating system attribute .
Cleanup a destination directory .
Return True if the given color is a foreground light color .
Return a dict with the username and user values .
Add a keypair to the service .
Helper function to pick one or more channels .
Get the list of evoked events .
Iterate through all of the files in the file_path and add them to the list of files
Deserialize a usage key from a string .
Returns a dictionary mapping queries to queries .
Delete user group
Set a value in the specified section .
Set the prefix for the script
Add version information to event .
List configuration options .
Generate project list from config file .
update resources from a dictionary
Test that the format of the datapoint matches the format .
Return list of nodes in the graph .
Initialize a collection by key .
Ensure that the named package is removed .
Attempt to suspend a running dbus proxy
Constructs a URL for a block count .
Logfactorial of x .
Try to guess the scheme from a URL .
Determine if a lookup needs to be distinct .
Attempt to reap all child processes .
Matches installed packages against the system .
Leave group .
Test unit division .
Draw a twiny .
Wrap a function in a console wrapper .
Output file upload .
Returns the last data item in a list or None .
Make sample data
Unlock an account
Vote for a thread .
Imports data from a frappe database .
Check if a packet is ok
Launches application .
Hashes given plaintext password .
Populate the attributes of a project .
Generate an access token .
Get vtk output .
Cache the children of queryset
Get integer logo option .
Returns a list of scheduled requests .
Test permutation test .
Ensure that the user has a valid csrf cookie .
Parse a single rule .
Return a string representing a distribution distribution .
Determine if the item is not a valid string .
R_squared .
Find a config file .
Low - level function for Django s reverse URL .
Delete a virtual interface .
Build a param list from tags dict
Convert a PEM certificate string to a DER certificate string .
Set locale .
Add a module to the generated class .
Log an error handler for a task .
Format an element .
This function is used to use the adapter to use the adapter to use the API .
Creates a copy of the given list of objects .
Ping pong server .
Generate a secret string .
Return True if constant is positive .
Clean up cached objects .
Return a list of CSS dependencies for the given group .
Diff two dictionaries
Test if tensor is a flat tensor .
Calculate the MACDext with the given data .
Deletes all orphan objects that are not None .
Concatenate multiple unicode strings .
Reboot a VM
Check if docker app can be deployed .
Compute the P from a fundamental frame .
Decorator to apply a function to arguments .
Right - justify string s
Helper function to generate metrics from the options passed in options .
Validate a node JSON .
Verifies that the command output is not contained in the command .
Delete the test module
Add a Python dictionary to the code .
Wrapper for setuptools setup .
Push the status of the item to the dictionary .
Assert that the language is English by default .
Test a random tree .
Extract kodi settings from config .
Creates a pytest hook for the given item .
Write output to file .
Return all messages .
Set up a desktop lock .
Start a threaded server .
Add tenant access to a flavor .
Get a list of timezone names .
Embed an album into an image .
Return a sequence of strings that are in the right d threshold .
Convert a datetime string to a number .
Return a list of installed minions
Issue a deprecation warning .
Shift a string by a given number of times .
Locate a command .
Generate a grant from a grant .
Compute the variance of each indicator .
Get next device name .
Run a mininetcluster test .
Get pyo code and data format .
Delete a user
Ensure that a named option is named in the optdict .
Decorator to register int_from_geom .
Return a string representation of a string .
Find the path of the autotestest module .
Return a test flags object for a filesystem descriptor .
Return a path to the feed directory .
Manage the configuration of a specific package .
Return a key that can be used for collection_id .
Print the exit code .
Save predictions to file .
Returns a string representation of a UTC timestamp .
Lower - level function .
Retrieve the Kerberos server s principal from the configuration .
Convert app label to app module .
Get the windows directory
Generate a cache key for a course .
Get the download url for the specified platform .
Show the details of an instance
Test if parameter operators are valid .
Test a test fixture .
Returns True if a collection exists .
Evaluate the test on the test scores .
Quote an etag .
Return the best fit of the given fitnesses .
Skip csv column names .
Generate a bbox header .
Apply an optimizer function to func .
Load the fmadm module
Test that the number of contacts have been added .
Get SAML provider
Write backrefs to the gallery .
Check issues for closed issues .
Convert an image to a constant .
Return a list of read_fds .
Displays the work on a course for the current user .
Help function for xonsh
Initiate a VDI .
Raise exception if exc is not in pytest .
Cast x to dask
Return True if the circuit is a sparse matrix .
Extract messages from a list of validation errors .
Ensure the named service is disabled
Flatten a list of cells into a single list .
Get a public key from a PEM file .
Returns a list of item names from install server
Return a test file name
Manage the templates in the system .
Create a MultipleChoiceResponse XML .
Get a versioned asset URL .
Whether the conversion command is installed .
Get a list of titles corresponding to the given titles .
Squeeze the output into a single dimension .
Context manager that temporarily switches the master to the master .
Get a composite key from a record .
Get all group snapshot entries for a project .
Prepare command for subprocess .
Tries to load a bootstrapped pc_settings .
Emulate mark_safe .
Returns the version as a dict .
Return the virtualname of the system
Load parser result_result_store .
Get the number of groups in the query
Create a TranslationUnit from a source .
Create a consistency group from a source cg_id .
Return True iff is an inline segment .
Return True if source is newer than target .
Convert a list of tuples into a string .
Register a project on the project .
Calculate the conv input length .
Return a transparent_transformation object .
Identify the code for the given code .
Cancel a draft draft .
Setup MQTT platform .
Builds a single loop from the given func_ir .
MODIFY REJECT Section 9 . 5
Return a sorted list of mapping keys .
Main entry point for the org unit test .
Returns True if the command is running in a reloader .
Spell check .
Delete a stack .
Create a zeros - like model with zeros .
Decrypt data using cypher .
Run local ansible module .
Get a list of users from the email marketing service .
Validate a resource .
Returns a boolean indicating whether the given user can complete the given course .
Decomposes a kernel into a kernel kernel .
Check the comparison of the components .
Return True if value is not None .
Load a vCard from a string .
Register a template tag that will be included in the template .
Write data to port .
Raises exception if the argument is not valid .
Filter a list of strings by length .
Delete a network interface
Return a string representation of the given value .
Check if given process is running .
Lists the users in the library
Destroy an instance
Creates a collection summary for a given collection .
Confirm all alerts .
Return a string representation of a number .
Set quota usage for a resource .
Get current language tag .
Creates a document editor group .
Run training on the network .
Multiply a multivariate multmatvectors .
Send src to dst .
This function is called when the device has changed .
Quote characters in a string
Get the latest status of an episode .
Modify privileges for object type .
Compile a source into a Python code object .
Validate the amount of minutes .
Skip package to testdir .
Get configuration variables .
Return True if the minion is virtual
Get user info
Install pyui .
Append a slash redirect to the environ .
Find all modules in a given folder .
Clean up the given mode .
Check if given string is a shorthand ip address .
Get an image from the cloud
Return a normalized version of source .
Main entry point for the CLI .
Get a vmdk attach config spec .
Helper function to reset syslog config params
Read a record from a file handle .
Return an alert message .
Compute the size of a file .
Return a new limit for the cache
Return the minimal value of a value .
Return the profile_image_class for the profile_image_backend .
Get the hash of a file .
Updates the index of a unit .
Deactivate one or more packages .
Example demo .
Upgrade the latest version of the minion
Get a value from a request .
Update supported local apps
Convert an asyncio future to a Tornado future .
Retrieves a subsector controller .
Removes a null logging handler from the logging system .
Prepare input source .
Scale the input x to the diagonal of x .
Register a local multiplication function .
Power on device .
Backup configuration to JSON .
Generate a list of file names in the merged store .
Get a user s UID .
Assert that test is in current directory .
Prompts the user to ask and delete a repo dir .
Validate the unlink identity of a user cookie .
Returns a locale URL for the given URL .
Build a handshake request .
get nobody uuid
Parses a docstring block into a Python file .
Create a tf . train64 feature .
Check that a string is a list of strings .
Get the description of a video .
Creates a file with the given name and encoding .
Test that all vispy modules are imported .
Returns a tuple of error_classes to use for Redis .
Returns information about the model
Get a mask from a list of sequences .
Calculate the union of shapes .
Join a list of parts into a path .
Split a list of objects into two lists .
Evaluate a function with a function f .
Check if a file is a valid file .
Compute the log - PMF for categorical values .
Synthesize a message .
Return a string representation of an expression .
Create a formatted URL .
Normalize language code .
Partition an iterator into an index .
Context manager to create a temporary style .
Convert vni to binary .
Route a robot .
Get the value of a metric
Whitelist a Krappe board .
List available repos
Set http cookies .
Compute the fitness and quality of a media media type .
Evaluate the string representation of a string .
Bootstrap a resolver .
Decode a list of encoded messages .
Return a list of all key pairs
Yields a tuple of key and value pairs .
Put a value into a cache entry
Return diffsets with comments removed .
Return a new derbitstring .
Render markdown to HTML .
Extract scalar constant value from x .
Register a post hook .
Provides access to the container .
Get IP address and port .
Render a price property .
Test for make_sphere_model .
Get an image volume cache by its id .
Get a security group .
Generate an HTML tag for a social auth .
Create the test cache folder .
Uninstall flocker .
Add sync methods to the class .
Return a string representing the number of colors in equal space .
Return a tuple describing the virtual machine .
Render a power diagram .
Return a list of files in thenikola output folder .
Get the full path to the name of the given file .
Get URLs proxy via HTTP .
Restart a running service
Convert a list of indices to a CSV string .
Delete an ID3v1 tag from a file .
Print number of bytes .
Refresh the database
Safely update the last login time .
Return a prefix from a pattern .
A decorator that tests whether srcdir is srcdir .
Add a command to the protocol .
Returns a base64 encoded string of the current settings .
Pretty print a list of strings .
Create an xmltest runner for a given test package .
Encode np . ndarray to JSON .
Calculate the number of elements in n between n1 and w2 .
Wrapper around subprocess . execute
Create a reactor and start it
Get the serial number .
Create a push instance .
Write traceback to stdout .
Given a set of targets and a set of toolset and a list of toolset and toolset
Get the value of a key .
Generate random hexadecimal string .
Calculate the linear regression angle .
Clear a volume .
Assert that a new integer is valid .
Get the current platform string .
Updates the connection info for the given connector .
Test if sigmoid argument is bad
Create a TOTP timestamp .
Encode a Python object as JSON .
One normalization function .
Unpack a source string into a Python object .
Return True if line ends with CR .
Print a list of services .
Returns True if the given address is a valid CIDR .
Load contents from pickle file .
Return the submodulename of a full module .
Destroys a block device mapping .
Get the perfdata for the specified counter .
Returns a dict with the details of the certificate .
Generate failure code .
Get the auth url
Ask the user for a string .
Split an email address into a tuple .
Convert value to native Python value .
Get user by username
Uploads the PDF to the server
Check if x is an even number .
Formats the jid and jid to jid
Get the bounds from a path .
Compute the score of the test .
Get the moto version .
Prepare the rst description .
Handle a file upload .
Inject field overrides into the given blocks .
Checks that the entries in entries are misordered .
Get all reservations for a given project .
Recursively walk through all test targets .
Return a string representation of the given text .
Get negative sign symbol .
Compare the current configuration
Creates a route for the HTTP server .
Add a custom inclusion tag to the template
Return a human - readable version of name .
Expand a keyring into a set of values .
Return True if line is a part of multiline line .
Unpack ASF image data .
Create a nzb file from a list of file elements .
Sets the signals in the dictionary .
Puts multiple entities at once .
Records a breadcrumb level .
Plotly plotly .
Returns the age of the log buffer .
Write XML to file .
Generate constants file .
Recursively create a directory with all parents .
Get a list of media from a media .
Get the value of an element node .
Get the IP address of an interface .
Split a tex string into a list .
Saves the session
Safely import the given path .
Get the systemd journal object
Rename a file .
Checks if the current installation is in a grace period
Add names to objects in an object .
Recursively crawl a function and return it .
Load command class .
Posts a message to a mattermost room
Convert a given color to qt GUI .
Prints a list of T411 categories .
Get dataset version .
Return the return value of a function .
Escape a byte string .
Get the first f option from a list of options .
Attempt to authenticate using the WNS API .
Create a fixture checker that checks the header of the stub entries .
Return True if two matrices are equal .
Validate the input string .
Assert that current directory is in the given directory .
Helper function to validate bufsize arguments .
Creates a mapping of signal names to target names .
Get a slice of the timeseries from a given time range .
Get a specific CPV .
Get the event manager associated with media list .
Create an itemgetter function for a list of items .
Calculate local_rvs and observed_rvs .
Convert time to datetime .
Return a list of the plugins installed in the rospac package .
Given a list of dtypes return a list of dtype objects .
Send a command to the console .
Edit commands .
Helper function to add a configuration to the pypi .
Compute the mean of each class in x y .
Returns True if user has permission to trigger a rule .
Validate that the virtualenv is virtual
Release the lock .
Create an IKEPolicy create .
Test function arguments .
Pretty print a list of integers .
Interpret an EMR step log file .
Reload Django URL configuration .
Run a shell job .
Returns a dictionary mapping indexes to boolean .
Generate translations file .
Return a list of macs for a domain
Set a nipy . nipy . nipy . nipy
Return the fitness and quality of a parsed media type .
Creates a client to cloud networks .
Find a list of protobuf objects .
Get metrics from server .
Set traceback for debugging .
Calculate the similarity between two frames .
Return True if there is an out - of - line definition definition .
Generate the noise for the given covariance .
Takes a list of dicts and formats it as a list of strings .
Converts a string cell to a tuple with the corresponding row and column .
Skip the next form .
Write a head position in a file .
Displays the latest update of the current resource .
Get flavor of paste .
Return a tuple of the virtual machine s virtualname
Takes a series of episodes and tries to determine which type is the average of the total number of
Return the comment form for the comment .
Perform a login on the request .
Returns a ChoiceForm class for the given formats .
Prepare the info dictionary for the inverse operator .
Checks if a logical line has a key .
Create a query from a given filter .
Generate a random job prefix .
Shows information about the given template .
This endpoint serves as JSON and returns a JSON response .
Returns a file - like object for the given filename .
Try to match a hostname from a cert .
Render a sitemap .
Create a model layer from a viewer configuration .
Get proxies from the environment .
Get the most recent incomplete item that was recently completed .
Test the precision of the Python object .
Installs a Komodo editor .
Check if a directory exists in the specified directory .
Returns a tuple with the name of the virtual machine .
Pause an animation .
Route a string to a Twiml application .
Takes a str and returns a dict with the parameters removed
Remove a minor device
Returns a generator of errant logs for a given root node .
Open a file on the filesystem .
Return True if the class has any of the specified labels .
Replace indentation with spaces .
Render a Genshi template string .
Get cluster instance from options .
Raises exception for contract creation .
Ensure that the named option is present
Helper to create a Variable with weight decay .
Compute the gradient of a series of arrays .
Run test tests if main function is main .
Deletes a comment .
Normalize paths to absolute paths .
Test that all colors are equal .
Return the md5sum of a file .
Return True if s is printable False otherwise .
Check if the user and group is valid
Ensure given link is valid .
Revert a Django revision .
Wait for a WinRM server to complete .
Updates the text of a Stimulator
Return a set of variables that match the given search_name .
Open a page in web browser .
Helper function for removing items from queue .
Create a context dict from a sample .
Creates a simple HTML tag for the navigationbar .
Check if a domain is valid
Parse response body from SSH .
Delete a contact type .
Returns a set of permissions that are missing in the given user .
Send an email template .
Return a list of all installed mac addresses .
Find the first selected node in a list of nodes .
Add a classname to a class .
Freeze login details .
Construct an edmonds network .
Returns True if the request should be converted to JSON .
Test if the dtype of the daophot file is in ASCII .
Set the start and end coordinates of an element .
Sends an email to a list of recipients .
remove duplicates from a sequence
Get the current date time .
Read the page header .
Parse a requirements file .
Compute HMAC signature .
Get a vector from a path
Normalize a timestamp .
Get all volume types in a group .
Get the name of the write index for a group .
Set cache directory .
Ensure that a file exists .
Submit a bulk email to a course .
Normalize an angle .
Get the size of the given uri .
Try to write a string to a file - like object .
Queue a rating for the given value .
Reload the system configuration
Test that the register_filter is valid .
Convert a domain name into an IPv4 address .
Return a copy of x with one - dimension .
Checks if v header is valid .
Dent a list of lines .
Generate a random string .
Break a cookie into a dictionary .
Return the indent level of a given line .
Calculate the OTV .
Expand a load balancer into a dictionary .
Check the integrity of the database .
Strips the quote from the given string .
Convert from RGB to HSV .
Retrieves the version information from the system .
Convert a string to a numpy array .
Sample from the ROI model .
Create a dc from headers .
Create a fully qualified name .
Ensure that the named volume is absent
Cancel checkout request .
Start the keepinger errors .
Parse a file - like object and return generator .
Checks if the current Python version is a Python code .
Compute the MD5 checksum of a file .
Check if an entry is a valid hidden service address .
Return a twitternotification service .
Run script usage tests .
Get AMI metadata
Check if the referer matches the request .
Get a piece of Shakespeare text from a filename .
Disable the named service
returns a float array with the given prefix and number
SYSTEM INFORMATION type .
Suggest semantic version .
Get a list of layers from a list of layers .
Compare two package versions .
Create a new agent .
Create a new slice from iterable .
Split a path into a list .
Test randomize correlation matrix .
Raise an exception if attribute is not reserved .
Save a certificate
Squeeze 2 - dimensional 2 - dimensional 2 - dimensional tensors .
Read an end - of - archive file and return it .
Create a Toplevel widget .
Save all the current dialogs
Create a click command .
Check if files in f is complete .
Wrapper for ceil .
Wait for the running state to be executed before running
Return a string representation of a viewmode .
Get the path to the config file .
Add a like object to the model .
Register a tag that will include the given number of arguments .
Load a crontab .
Copy SSL options from src to dest_dir .
Update a resource .
Test API 1 .
Dmp_ground_p .
Return a list of all launch configurations .
Show the current device zone .
Return a form dict with the given attributes .
Check if a field is conservative .
Match a filesystem option .
View for the home page .
Returns a unique identifier for a given key .
Return a random genome .
Get log file path .
Upload a file to S3 .
Return a tuple containing the virtual machine s virtual
Return the number of diplisor_countor_ .
The main function for OAuth2 .
Make a uniform PMF
Update DNS records for an ELB .
Return a gettext representation of the given rule .
Setup the test home module .
Build a cyclic network .
Return the number of metastrings in a string
Helper function to run localectl command
Return a list of pg_lscluster clusters
Returns the path to the file for the given job .
Write nonblocking flags to a pipe .
Create fast start scripts for fast start .
Create a server instance .
Convert datetime to UTC
Wait for the server to complete .
Try to decode a byte string .
Set object in memcached cache .
Normalize the given text .
Return the base signup form class .
Select regex .
Restart a VM .
Get a base path from a base .
Appends a host to the host pool .
Creates a taskflow for the given db_api_api .
Parse the given string and return the rendered HTML .
Returns True if the current console is visible .
Returns the default namespace .
Return a list of mac addresses from a list
Return the lowstate data from lowstate
Get a node by its attributes .
Create a new user .
Return True if the repo has no conflicts .
Validate that a string is not valid .
Return a dict representation of the named parameter
Compute the elastic tensor product of an array .
Check if element is bounding .
Render a response to a string .
Increment the cache for a given product .
Create a mock key provider .
Map libraries Datasets to lddasets
Return the systemd version
Copy lines to the journal .
Runs the test runner .
Warn for missing microversion header .
Calculate the median value of a group .
Create raster from file .
Get fixed IP by uuid .
Parse a string containing XML property list .
Sets up canned roles and decorators .
Decode a base64 encoded string .
Compute the standard deviation of the KpSS Estimator .
Consume a queue from a queue .
Return the length of an iterable .
Read a header from a file .
Create a meta - tag for a plugin and version .
Get version number from version .
Test if stratified validation k - fold validation k - fold validation k - fold validation k - fold
Save an uploaded file .
Get the most recent messages from the exp_id .
Return the mapper for an entity .
Return a human readable string representation of a file size .
Get clipboard .
Sorts a list by protocol level
Return the current name of the current service .
Create a subtask for the given Qs .
Check if the accept keyword is acceptable .
Assert that the HTML is invalid .
Parses a timestamp .
Convert text to dictionary .
Get a blob
Parse a quoted string .
Called when a module is deleted .
Destroy a minion
Get the domain workgroup
Softmax of a matrix .
Helper function to delete a sysv service
Analyze text .
Return status of current connection .
Compute the variance of a cross - correlation matrix .
Sample from memory .
Apply func to x .
Return a hashprocessor for the given algorithm .
Returns a string containing the default feedback URL .
Match an ellipsis .
Returns the local resource URL for the given uri .
Generate HTML report .
Helper function to call a bridge from Linux
Return a string representation of a word .
Convert bytes to string .
Write contents to a file .
Calculate the trace of x .
Find the metadata for a file in a bucket .
Return the pyzmq version information .
Clean the headers of a dict .
Checks if the result of a function has the same value .
Redirect to url .
Clean up string name .
Build pillar data .
Print a tensor .
Find an unused port .
Get content of a file in the current view .
Define plugin entries .
Decorator to register fczm driver .
Ensure the security group exists .
Set a non blocking non blocking flag .
Returns True if products can be used in the store .
Update rcparams .
Test the accuracy of a float32 .
Get whether or not the xmLElement should be performed .
Mark a method as a UUID .
Returns the cluster position .
Escape a string .
This function allows you to change the focus of a completion filter to a particular model .
Entry point for the script .
Get the signature from the given signature .
Convert a device name to a system path .
Run an OSF server
Create a cache key for an env key .
Returns True if all of the content experiments are enabled .
Wait for IO events to complete .
Update an existing file .
Write a named matrix to a file .
Parse unary expression .
Initialize the command line interface .
Convert string to int .
Run the test suite .
Create a usage key from a usage key .
Get the path to a texlive variable
Raise a ValueError if a key is not present in the context .
Handler for deleting a location .
Enable a server
Parse a template from a file .
Return a set of chars that are required for the block .
This function is called when the user is published .
Download setuptools .
Helper function to execute the configuration of a device .
Context manager to temporarily change the current working directory .
Get the rights for a given activity .
Checks if a string is a valid function call .
Add a triangle to a mesh .
Context manager that sets the current user as the current user .
Convert minolta to float .
A context manager that creates a copy of a yield statement that yields a copy of the generator .
Set up the Python module to use .
Returns a tuple containing the latest version of the specified arguments .
Return True if the given IP is a valid IPv4 or IPv6 address .
Return True if the datastore is primed .
Lists all extensions that are listed in blacklist .
Determine id type .
Get the current networkbios .
Return True if value is an extension type .
Test if the module scope is updated .
Test the fit of the two clusters .
Randomly sample x .
Parse MMS value .
Returns a form for the given fields .
Run OSF test .
Get the credential name for a given tenant .
Saves the state of the UOWTransaction to the database .
Set the hostname of the minion
Calculate the meta for the given bases .
Print the contents of a file .
Handles SIGUS1 - 1 signal handler .
Perform a jsonrpc request
Raise an exception if the user is not a context .
Ensure that an array is float 1 .
Normalize a list of arguments to a list .
Test if IHTT test is performed on the estimator .
Wrap a socket .
Check if a list of URLs are available .
Validate whether the function is skipna .
Compile a python directory .
Duplicate a list of dictionaries .
Updates a jenkins job
Compute theano norm of a vector w .
Remove a key
Terminate the CLI after a scenario .
Encode a hex string to base32 .
Returns a message to be sent to the user .
Remove Unicode characters from a string .
Whitelist incoming rates
Sends email to the event publish method .
Called before the new template before new_style is called .
change torrent dir
Return a list of terms that are identical .
Add a discussion to the page .
Read a MAGIC record .
Infer inference network .
get a list of two tricomplex combinations
Validate the get_filter function .
Test if the two file has been written .
Register a custom URL for the comment .
Convert kwargs to parent and node
Update the update record .
Reset worker optimizations .
Encodes the given payload with Kafka .
Return the pillar data from the minion
Create a new virtualenv .
Get configparser .
Export AIA2 configuration .
Get a format for a particular format type .
A decorator that registers a digest auth endpoint .
Check if a hook is valid .
Add labels to a host .
print a change list
Outputs a string to stdout .
Run the given command on the given command .
Return the identity of x .
Generic function to calculate the standard deviation .
Get the current error .
Log an error .
Check if the user is logged in .
Get license options .
Whether the program is running .
Returns a dict of the form of a document .
List the running jobs
flips the loop if the loop node is not in reverse
Return a list of markers sorted according to their comparator .
Get a list of policy names .
Return the number of items in a sequence .
Get a vm boot specification .
Ensure that the given path is relative .
Raises an exception if the module cannot start with multiline line .
Open a file - like object
Returns True if connection is connected
Parses an SSH subelement and adds it to xml_parent .
Toggles whether the label is visible in the params .
Generate a JWT .
Matches a mismatched object against a mismatched string .
Calculate the normal weighted normalized to the given center .
Returns the name of the local time zone
Set a list of boolean booleans .
Use a query to get suggestions .
Decorator exposed to an anonymous function .
Wrapper for flake8 . utils . check_i18n .
Function called when a form is matched .
Return a list of all installed services
delete the content of a namespace
Transform a string to lowercase .
Test the join function .
create a resource
Return True if the value is a safe_type .
Run a refresh command on a module .
Set audio channel .
Get statistics from a cluster .
Return a string representation of the given object .
Fetch a key from the cache
Return a list of pages to show .
Check the consistency of the database .
Download setuptools .
Checks if a given mac address is valid .
Given a list of names and a list of names and a list of names return a dictionary of the
Chop off a sequence .
Recover all the workers in the specified lbn
Left shift f .
Compute the n - th n - th n - th n - grams for each label .
Test if input estimator has changed .
Create a jquery snippet for the given S3 response .
Test the union of a member .
Handle account password .
Return True if any of the given sequence evaluates to True .
Test if vispy modules are imported .
Returns a generic inlineformset for the given model .
Convert a string to a long integer .
Notify a new string for a given translation .
Return a formatted pagination message .
Generate a set of anchors .
Send a method to the client .
Evaluate a test fixture .
Update course enrollment .
Install packages .
Run the main task .
Verify that the virtualenv version is valid .
Convert bc frequency dict to a list of integers .
Subscribe a user to a creator .
Check for duplicate requests .
Get channel indices by type .
create a forest room
Check if a service is a sysv file .
A decorator for registering a URL .
Get the name of a currency
Returns True if xblock is a unit
Serialize a remote exception into a JSON string .
Create a bad request .
Send an email to the unclaimed user .
Returns True if user already exists
Generate a doc dict
Initializes the hilmodule .
Get the lower and upper bounds for a slice .
Extract infos from HTTP request .
Create an exog from a result array .
Convert a password to a password .
Uninstall the cache factory .
Checks that the file has multiple reads .
Add short links to a list of documents .
Convert an integer into a base36 string .
Convert a list of campaign_operations into a list of strings that can be used to create
Return a list of valid locales .
Test whether the model is valid .
Create a folder structure .
Check the callbacks for a URL .
Create a collection from a database .
Get a list of API servers .
Main entry point for running commands .
Checks if the user can view a project .
Convert an object into a list .
Returns a new collator for the collator .
Find an adapter for ob .
Recursively iterate over values in a nested dictionary
Delete a file from Google Storage .
Raises an AssertionError if two objects are equal .
Compute the quantile of the given data .
Set rate limit .
Encodes an input file into a string .
Calculate the IQR of an array .
Make a datetime aware datetime .
Disable profiling on a service .
Return timestamp and modified timestamp for S3 .
Safely decode a string .
Get the executable name .
Return a string representation of the given ids .
Create a multi - indicator array from positions .
returns a dictionary of title and description
Require user with given permission .
Decorator to register a function to run .
Translates a translation matrix into a numpy array .
Create a keystone tenant .
Collect cprofile profiler .
Print a baremetal resource .
Return a reference to an object .
Convert a stat to a JSON - compatible dictionary .
Convert a JSON string into a bytes object .
Return a list of gitignore templating templates .
Return a set of disabled services .
Get the HMAC - SHA1 hash of a request .
Read images from disk .
Remove packages from a package list
Decode a VVWI wire value .
Return a pair of indices between ind1 and ind2 .
Check authentication against username and password .
Get a security group .
Test preprocessor expression .
Generate a docstring for the given index .
Return little - endian unsigned int .
Run a shell script .
Compress a list of rows
Resolve a property from style map .
Invert a binary tree .
Get a floating point floating point value .
Wait for a file to write .
List all users .
Get the name of a signal .
Return a piece of text from a text file .
Import status information .
Calculate new position and longitude .
Returns the subtype of the given type .
Test that the lexicon is in lexical form .
Generate a global context .
Blink a clip .
Register a packet to receive traffic .
Yield formatted strings .
Find cover page .
Evaluate a marker .
Get the details of a cache subnet group .
Parse a docstring .
Main entry point for the Juniper interface .
Test the gamma and grid of the monitor .
Check the result of the GL .
Extract filesystems and globs from the given datetime .
Handles a tell event .
Root mean square error .
Return a string with the current environment and version .
Remove a boot volume from a datacenter .
Add a command to the protocol .
Returns a URL for a URL .
Get the networkid for this VM
Iterate over all registered integration targets .
Convert a number to a binary string .
This function is called when a hook is started .
Assert that x is unicode .
Generator for iterating over rslicees .
Return True if line is a valid line junk .
Resize a video .
Convert a phone number to a numeric number .
Return a list of prime numbers .
Get indices for duplicates .
Return a dict of the interface iface_type
Uploads a directory to the user .
Return an anonymous userid for a course .
Verify that all of the modules have less than the required documentation .
Return True if the callback is an API view .
A decorator that creates a cache function that can be used to cache strings .
Check if a sheet exists .
Convert a constant into a constant .
Return a list of all users
Load calendars from a YAML file .
Build a CONNECT packet .
Reconstruct the initial state of a path .
Refresh the facts .
Return information about a group .
Return a list of rows from a string .
Test that the RUS fit is of the same type .
Edit folder .
Ensure a service is absent
Filter for person search .
Download data from AppEngine .
Run SNMP .
Utility function to abort messages .
Remove a user from a group .
Returns a list of test names .
Get the property of a subscription .
Returns a boolean indicating whether the group has a snapshot .
Write to etree .
Create a DataFrame from an array .
Convert a number of bytes to a string .
Attempt to open a local file .
Return True if obj is not None .
Check if an astro year is valid .
Check if a user exists .
Compute Euclidean distance between two vectors .
Handle a list of expressions .
Compare all objects in the manager .
Resolve a DNS name .
Calculate med price .
Log an error .
Logistic logistic function .
Generate a MIME message .
Delete a member from a pool
Run a test on the dump command .
Return module as module .
Deserialize a source field .
Add a request suffix to a string .
Make a CDF from a PMF .
Unescape a string .
Return the lambda sum of x .
Read a file .
Replace urlpatterns with given patterns .
Execute syslog command
Decorator to automatically delete files from the filesystem .
Returns the active campaign .
Create a device object from a record .
Sort a list of things by their id .
Get the event manager associated with media service .
Watch for course publish events .
Create an iterator over lines .
Execute passwd changes .
Register a template tag .
Add some extra info to ipy .
Extract a description from an object .
Store the friends of the user .
Create empty cuda_array .
Raise an exception if resource is not enabled .
Install package as an egg .
Send a command to the minion
Parse a multipart form .
Test if an internet gateway has a bad id .
return the magnitude of x
Leave the transaction management .
Create a concatenation of tensors .
Return the norm of x .
Read a boolean value from a file .
Escape a string .
Convert raw flux to flux
Register a callback for a resource .
Check if user has permission for some org .
Parse qualifier list .
Create a nested dict from a path .
Update fbthrift library configuration .
Test that the locations of the locations are equal .
Save the state of the current state to a pickle file .
Gets all volumes in a generic group .
Find the unit pattern in the given locale .
Copy files to out_files
Expand a type string into a list of types .
Find a pylintrc file .
Add role to an entity .
Application information .
Return a tuple containing the virtual machine and its dependencies .
Test if the mask equals mask .
Auto register public key server .
Remove sensitive data from sensitive_data .
Make a query against the cloud provider
Execute a shell command .
Get a list of filepaths from dire
Convert upper to lower case .
Generate a TOTP passcode .
Save data to file .
Generate a hash for the given suffix directory .
Add a representer for a data type .
Deprecated . Use patch_object instead .
Decorator to make a tasklet .
Run pip .
Create and return a Flask app .
Redirect to the domain .
Connect to a machine learning service .
Renders a horizontal color .
Get a dictionary of all of the sites that are deployed in the URL .
Yields headers from a dictionary .
Process call_queue and put result in result_queue .
Convert an ETree element into a topic object .
Syncs the current app with the current context
Add an error .
Returns True if item is in course tree .
Ensure fscale is str or str .
Recursively iterate two terms .
Return a HTML representation of a directory .
Get the encoding for the given encoding .
Show all figure managers
Add positives to a list of paths .
Copy all configuration files into a single directory .
Get rrd server and netloc url
reset all profiles
Escape a RFC822 header .
Return True if the given address is an IPv6 address .
Set the bounds of the image .
Get the related models of a given model .
Create a signature for a public key .
Returns True if the given date is a valid date .
Load a module .
Add organisation staff staff members to the organisation .
Kill a signal on the given process .
Query the database
Switch the specified parameter with the specified parameter .
Update the root_organisation of a root organisation .
Return a list of all available VMs
Initialize the web engine .
Cleanup the temp image .
Simplify a Pauli operator .
Return the number of rows in the database
Remove a ASAM platform .
Encode the given object with the given metadata .
Parse an ISsiname rule .
Return a list of the roots of a given node .
Returns the meth_class of obj .
Remove a minion from the minion
Return True if error is an SSL error .
Register filteracts for optimization operations .
Ensure user is logged in .
Emulate hello .
Get a summary of the difference between two models .
Entry point for running the setup command .
Returns a list of files in a local directory .
Returns a dictionary of locale - zone - specific preferences .
Linear gradient of a linear gradient .
Get the boundaries of an array .
Load a language .
Return the virtualname of the minion
Compute the idx of an array .
Register a Bootstrap form .
Add a list of sources to the result .
Get a session id
Returns True if user is a prereg admin .
Update server info .
Initialize the gashelimodule module .
Entry point for the script .
Gets all volumes in a group .
Freeze a container
Mark the given string as bytes to escape it .
Run MicroPython .
Profiler output for a server instance .
Generate a histogram from a qual file .
Generate random UUID .
Return a list of all the items in a queue
Print a description of a resource .
Generate a JWT
Return the full path to a config file .
Compute the covariance matrix with respect to the covariance matrix .
Destroys a consistency group .
Decrypt a keyfile using the credentials provided .
Split code and text into a list of code blocks .
Find all actions that start with the given prefix .
Return the first item in value .
Return a freesms notification service .
Move file to new file .
Draw a line on x y
Get the rank index of the rule based on the rule width .
Remove config file if it exists .
Blend two channels .
Processes a MIME file .
Get the timezone for display .
Convert volume dict to EC2 attach status .
Load extra data from the provider .
Check if there is a match in the mailbox .
Set variable according to CLI flags .
Extracts the LIFAR10 dataset .
Test for OSSOoss with randomization .
Return a figure manager for a figure .
Return a URL for a given string .
Set up django apps
Decorator to mark a function as a string .
Handles the response of the GET request .
Get a queryset of all instances of a given class .
Compute the softmax of a matrix .
Replace str with str____ .
Returns a colormap .
Run a command on XenStore .
change the number of entries in a table
Returns True if lun_id is available on this host
Returns a list of job objects .
Get a value from opts
Returns the checksum of the fletcher16 checksum .
Merge a list of configuration dictionaries into a single dictionary .
Export a course to a tar archive .
Returns the numeric rank of a word .
Split a string into a pair of wanted line capabilities .
Ensure that all rows have the same length .
Return an iterable of x .
Returns the list of change ids for the user .
Get the stack level of the module .
Delete telemetry alerts .
Set facts if they are not already set .
Create a loopback -amp client .
Check if vox2ras_tkrr is a nibabel object .
Get the coordinates of the given interpolation direction .
handle a list member remove event
Update the requirements for a course .
Check if a screenshot is logged in .
Format a list of attachments
Check code for errors .
Return a template context for the current page .
Return True if value is an infraction .
Return a short version of sys . version_info .
Find the first vowel in a string w .
Convert input to aano expression .
Calculate the sine subtraction of the input x .
Get a list of people
Render an alert .
Returns True if the response contains CSP features available for the response .
A no - op that returns None .
Checks that the version number and version information are present .
Get the executable that can be used to run flow - gramm .
Get the local hostname .
Re - encrypt a ciphertext blob .
Check if the pick_ori is not None .
Run a command on a subprocess .
Double - connected convolutional network .
Run test on other tests .
Returns the number of metrics for the given date .
Collect and return the local bear and global bear directories .
Calculate the length of a quoted string in bytes .
Return the cell name from the routing path .
Remove users from acl group
Test if the activations are equal to the same length .
returns the tracer for a given node g_i
Define a variable as a global variable .
Evaluate a calculation .
Return the amount of memory used in Xen .
Adds a tag to the given context
Test if the base unit is unitable .
Get the preamp of an equalizer .
Delete metadata for a snapshot .
Remove tags from a trail .
Parse a user line .
Entry point for the script .
Get or create a badge .
Log an attribute .
Scrape characters from HTML .
Convert a dict to a list of tables .
Set the current user .
Prints the given format and arguments .
Test whether the table is HTML .
Return True if the subreddit is visible .
Run the WSGI application .
Route a password to a user .
Check if a file exists .
Return a string representation of a date .
Import pylab and display it in ipython notebook .
Return a list of all suffixes .
Try to get a string from a device .
Generate a new id for use with simple id values .
Validate a bucket name .
Mark value as HTML .
Called when run has changed .
Detects the lines in a diff string .
Write debug message to dump file .
Get the vendor number from a PCI ID .
Run plot on a montage .
Return the path to a qutebrowser resource
Returns a shuffled version of the iterable .
Browse one branch
Shorten a name .
Generate a permutation of the permutations of the elements .
Add filter filters to _cpplint_state .
Get the current user .
Test whether pyc is a pytest .
Test for tests in a test fixture .
Stop the minion
Execute an evaluator .
Get access token .
Manage the named servers
Context manager to temporarily change the value of a field .
Return a list of predictors for threadable versions .
Push a term to the callback .
Toggles the tick labels on the given parameters .
Update course updates
Recursively walk through a directory and remove any symlinks that exist in the given directory .
Update dict with values from other .
Return a boolean indicating whether the minion is virtual
Determine if a hash is used by a hash .
Retrieve full version information .
Get a synonym command .
Wait for an element to be present .
Test for nearest nn3 object .
Mock commands from command .
Attach total points to a queryset .
Remove a token from source .
Return a list of all the groups of the user .
Check if token is valid .
Dispatches the function to the appropriate function
Returns a list of existing DHCP networks .
Get the package version from the results .
Get the value of a given option .
Apply a function to a function and return the result .
Apply a function to a function .
Parse a tree from a text file
Compare two strings .
Return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary .
Delete a console .
Get the deployment config file .
Return a new blockmatrix with rows sliced by rows sizes .
Validate a CSV option .
Context manager to temporarily change the current working directory .
Distill the given dictionary into the naming convention .
Cleans up a URL .
Encode a list into a byte string .
List a remote
Runs test on the test server
Get the status of the master .
Fix all HTML found in a container .
get a folder plugin in sys . path
Run p4 system command
Check for missing Sentiment .
Create a load balancer
Return True if url is from given spider .
Unescape all backslashes .
Raises an AssertionError if the given check fails .
Save password in keyring .
Get repository by name and owner .
Helper function to get the index of a degree .
Return information about a given jid
Return True if the given format is a memoryview format .
Compute the derivative of a multivariate multivariate polynomial .
Read a cache entry from a stream .
Encode a protobuf message .
Return the number of test processes .
Inspect an object .
Parse the id of a string .
Read county county county county and build data
Submit multiple values to multiple forms .
Return a list of keyword arguments .
Assert that an IP address is arping .
Return a list of all VMs
Time the execution of openpyxl . workbook
Prepare text for printing .
Require a translation project to the given language .
Get the host s DNS host for a network
Add debug information to the context .
Generate random objects .
Return a string with the number of lines in the given line .
Runs a test command on initdb .
Add a string command to the protocol .
Helper function to solve a radical .
Create a gpg .
Decorator for setting a python package to a python package .
Get a piece of Shakespeare text .
Sort the schedules according to the current day .
Require the current code name of a segment .
Get the getaccessible attribute of a dictionary object .
Return True if w is a short syllable .
Read values from a key .
Generate a auth response for a list of chall_list .
A memoization that caches the current selection model .
Create a test failure XML element .
Apply the transformation to the text .
Format a dictionary of errors into a list of dictionaries .
Create a temporary directory if it doesn t exist .
Get plugin updates available from external plugins .
Get a list of programs for the user .
Pack an IPv4 address into a byte string .
Get the name of a process .
Acquire the lock .
Convert an object name to a class name .
Get a legacy identity client .
Compute the softplus of the given vector z .
Display a song .
Checks if the given path is valid .
Convert a buffer size to a buffer size .
Wait for an authentication request to be sent to the server
Compute the covariance matrix given a residual matrix x .
Check if process exists .
Returns True if the current process is a main process .
Check if an attribute is protected .
Hook after the validation event is performed on validation .
Get the perimeterwidth of a perimeter node .
Processes a PNG image .
Register Google Analytics tasks .
Convert a string to a unicode string .
Publish a create request to the liveaction
Restore a given service .
Add media to a media list .
Get content type from a message .
Get collection summaries matching the given collection_ids .
Creates an internet gateway .
Get command from state .
Emulate profiler .
Get the path to the ipython notebook dir
Update widgets in the dashboard .
Compress a token back to the end of the token .
Return the configuration path to the configuration dir .
Write SVG output to a file .
Evaluate a function f .
Set C break mode .
Register a pycom server category .
Handle p_parameter_list_2 .
Extract description text from a gcodetext .
Return the line at cursor_pos .
Return a load from a jid
End the recording of a HTTP status record .
Create a simplewiki instance .
Capitalize a string .
Run a flake task .
Remove specified packages from the minion
Verify that a POST is valid .
Get the configuration directory .
Return the Hammingdistance between s1 and s2 .
Construct a URL from a given scheme or parameters .
Check if an email address is valid .
Validate customization arguments and values for customization_args .
Get credentials from AWS
Check if a statement was called first .
Set str rule format .
Return the preferred IP .
Get output from command .
Capture stdio and stderr to console .
Apply pygments syntax filter .
List installed packages .
Compute the number of real roots of a complex complex root .
Return a list of all results that are missing in the given directory .
Discover a URI and return a result
Interpolate two input vectors .
Return a WordNet object corresponding to a penn tag .
Test if pprint is bytes .
Calculate the Hessian of an array .
Similar to django . render_to . render_render_to_render_response but doesn
Compile the given node into HTML .
Get the title of a media player .
Convert Excel file to database .
Group versions into a list .
Spawn a new coroutine .
Convert cfset to a set .
Provides access to the user .
Get a key function .
Add security group to instance .
Decorator for registering a value .
Get all bootstrap modules .
Return a list of suggestions for a given agent .
Return a resource file for a given package type .
Return True if text is valid False otherwise .
Perform a VCS install on a manifest file .
Get the location of a python module s location .
This decorator allows you to toggle the value of a page .
Get a dictionary of all the groups in the inventory .
Verifies that the configuration should be used for testing .
Delete an SSH key
Convert s to str
Ping the connection to the database .
Create a video capture
Convert bytes to integer .
Reset all errors to their default values .
Load a bitmap from filename .
Test the OSS fit .
Test whether the given string should show the completion model .
Returns a dictionary of dictionaries for the given language .
Run the setup command .
Return True iff the function accepts keyword arguments .
Determine the default value of the Python shell .
Generate a model from root_class .
Convert a module into a class .
Validate course_id .
Test whether the locale is HTML .
Reload a module from the current directory .
Test for zeroing errors .
Posts a message to vim .
Normal vector .
Returns a list of floating point numbers .
Create a list of machine mappings .
Parse a range header value .
Create a source tarball .
Return the status of a service
Get a new temporary repository .
Helper function to set priority
Stores the results_dir in a tarball .
Decode a string .
Initialize testdb .
Create a document listclentry from an XML string .
Get the server id associated with the identity .
Apply a fcontext policy .
Returns a context dict with the default user and mass actions .
Compare two packages .
Test date and date labels
Return a dict of user messages .
Set offset by given multiplier .
Get the label for sentiment .
Create a WSGI server .
Return a title from a list of columns
Wrap a function in a decorator .
Test the configuration of the minion
List all installed minions
Route a topic .
Clean up a URL .
Decodes the bitvector received from a given bitvector .
Import a tabbook from a stream .
create kassemblies
Return a list of paths bounded by a path .
Create a task info record .
Test JSON view error .
Get email addresses for a group .
Fake a fake set of repliers .
Makes sure that the output is printed .
Create a 2D rectangle .
Get the default SSL verification paths .
Returns the long description
Build the request URI .
Sort a list of strings .
Get a list of filenames from a filename .
Create a path_sequence from a sequence of degree sequences .
Get a secret
Initialize the graph module .
Update a block .
Return the value of a given item or key .
Initiate a peegaze .
Returns a formset for the given model .
Test that the grid width ratio is equal to width_ratios .
Convert a pseudobreadcrumb key into a list of unicode strings .
List files in a bucket .
Get a single item from a list .
Save a figure to a matplotlib figure .
Find a command in a path .
Determine if a directory is a packaged directory .
Walks all the modules in the system .
Decorator to wrap multiple transports .
Monkey patching pytest fixtures .
Interpret a string as part of a list of strings to be removed .
Get a summary from a commit .
Ensure that the user is running in Qt .
Get the lock with the given expression .
Calculate the number of modified modules .
Get model view .
Unpack a zipfile into a directory .
Get encryption headers .
Retrieve matching files for all fastq files .
Get a model by name .
Get adjacency matrix from a file .
Convert head positions to a rotation matrix .
Draw a bounding box on the given bounding box .
Create a fake payment for a participant .
End the end of the event .
Check GitHub authentication .
Add default values to variables and functions .
Test if a remote repository URL is a repository URL .
Setup the platform with the given configuration .
Test if config doesn t exist .
Validate the value of a resource_type property
Apply a layer to the layer .
Remove a Postgres database .
Return the factorization of an integer n .
Get the last modification of a file
Loads the window size from the given section .
Check for cleanup list items .
Shutdown the plugin .
Print a message and exit .
Check if value is mod_value .
Returns the pixel size of the specified screen .
Parse a REPL escape code .
Apply func to each element of an index .
Benchmark an estimator .
The token view that serves as CSRF token .
Split a Bezier curve into two lists .
Quote quotest .
Connect a callback to a boolean action .
Validate that value is a valid domain .
Return the next multiple of n .
Hook for hooking .
Report the current tracked tracker .
Compute the observation values for the given word .
Connect to Cloudsearch2 layer2 .
Get a list of all nodes in a loop .
Prepare text for insertion .
Sign a certificate .
Get public names from a list .
Remove trailingbsp characters from x .
Normalize a list of hosts to a single dictionary .
Create a new category and its name .
Build command line arguments for install .
Formats a value in a string .
Returns a config spec for a network attachment .
Hack to add symlinks to sys . path
Generate library options .
Get the cache object .
Return a dict mapping modifiers to strings .
Download a file or directory
Total virtual memory .
Yield the items that are not in the cache .
Suspend a task
Validate a password against a user s password .
Return True if two wildcards overlap .
Generate a UUID .
Convert a range string to a set of integers .
Ensure usage plan is absent .
Create output directory .
Return True if pyrex is available .
Return the current selection
Redirect to the user and save the session .
Returns the contents of a file .
default entrypoint
Return a list of all installed services
Go to a given URL .
Print the code 3 .
Check if a user exists .
Configurable filter for HTML tidy .
Convert x into an iterable .
Compile a template string into a Python dictionary .
Test if the MNE tools are equal .
Get the preference path .
Creates a Flask application route .
Gather pillar data from the pillar
Read a file and return its contents .
Return a string with zerofree .
Read count booleans .
Set the state of the port .
Return an EventExchange object with the type of driver_type .
Clear the cached version of the d2c .
Handle a service .
Print click command .
Raises an AssertionError if all of the arguments are not equal .
Parse a multipath rule .
Create a demo grid with a single cbar .
send a message to a given destination
Generate XML for S3 include JavaScript
Return file encoding .
Called when a course is published .
Register a namespace alias .
Get a new refmetric repository .
Split a file into a child process .
Convert a JSON string into a list of strings .
Return a dictionary of values for the given key .
Generate example rst file .
Reverse Django s reverse URL .
Calculate the floor of fstime in seconds .
Test the attributes of frame and object attributes in frame .
Reset the state of the engine .
Returns True if the host is full .
Move the given path to the given path .
Duplicate a list into a dict .
Split a string into a list of strings .
Generate completion tasks .
Clear the database environment .
Prepare is_embed request .
Convert a scalar value to a FITS format string .
Hardlink the user to the session .
Colorize an image .
Return a list of sql queries .
Execute an email
Convert iso to a Unix timestamp .
Collect a list of jsons from a list of user configs .
Set up SQLmaps for sqlmaps .
Run the admin task .
Returns a dictionary of bulk loader limits .
Copy data from src to dst
Parse a string representation of a server string .
Generate password .
Calculate the nth of a ground point .
Recompose the left decomposition of f into the right decomposition .
Set image opacity .
Return the decimal point after a point .
Queue a welcome email for a user .
Compute the recurrence term given a pair of c and f .
Shift the time by a given shift .
Creates a port group .
Split a path into a splitzip archive .
Runs all registered exit functions .
Update a pdfjs archive .
Test if the given string has no data .
Return a list of default provider providers .
Return a tuple of the virtual machine s virtual name
Set configuration parameters .
Load a score from a local directory .
Read a triangle file .
Get a fixed IP address by its IP address .
Return the current timestamp as a timestamp .
Return a string representation of the given color .
Validate a slug .
Associate a fixed IP .
Determine if a file should be skipped .
Send an email message .
Test for testing .
Alter an enum column .
Check the protocol for the given proxies .
Remove the last xmltag tag from a file .
Converts a complex path into a list of complex points .
Set plugin configuration .
Register treebuilders from a module .
Decode a Unicode string .
Return True if text contains text in path
Connect to cognito identity .
Check if port is in busyy .
Check if a string is valid .
Encode a cookie with the given key .
Utility method to send an email to a list of recipients .
Returns True if word is quoted False otherwise .
Sanitize a filename .
Backup your database .
Lists all tables in a dataset .
Convert xfsdump output into a dictionary
Stack an iterable of strings .
Get a list of filepaths from the current working directory .
Yield tokens from textstream .
Override the default bytes from the content type of ContentType .
Return a list of GPG keys .
Add line ending to content .
Compare two images .
Duplicate a Legendre .
Set a list option .
validate background color
Set up the database for the database
Convert FileInfo to a JSON dict .
Adds a submenu to the menu
Returns the dot product of two complex complex complex products .
Return a list of available sizes
Remove empty line from content .
Pop a connection from the stack .
Generate list of handler statements .
Check the filepath for changes .
Retry the decorated function until the exception occurs .
Calls a method on an object .
Get all unique items in sequence .
Profile the gradient of a function .
Evaluate the raw DBAPI raw data .
Collect static files .
Check if a conda env is created .
Get the executed state of the given patch module .
return True if the virtualenv is virtual
Setup the MQTT platform .
Efficient product of two matrices .
Convert text into a websafe string .
Context manager for patching os . environ .
This callback is called when the server completes .
Count the number of bits that are zero .
Compute the softsign of x .
Convert an SSH key into a human - readable string .
Test that the curve is read .
Add the function statistics to the given function .
Boot and execute a kernel .
Return the replacer for dst .
Convert number of seconds into a human readable string .
Sync database with current version .
Remove cached instances from cache .
Get the total size of the backup file .
Validate a path .
Look for a Macanscan .
Find all loops in a CFG configuration .
Return a list of events .
Deserialize a key value .
Handle search form .
Check if a module has a submodule of the given module .
Returns the result of the run .
Edit an opportunity .
Get a foreign key from a model .
Normalize a path .
Show configuration changes .
Convert a dict to a 1 - dimensional array .
remove a port forwarding command
Builds a borderwipe network .
Find the names of all parameters in an object .
Get a piece of text from a text file .
Return True if filename is not a string or not .
Get expression by name
Create a WSGI application .
Write arguments to file .
Check to see if a launch configuration exists .
Return a slug from a string .
Calculate the effects of the exog .
Convert a value into a boolean .
Return a list of all available environments
Adds a line to the end of a looping loop .
Extend mode to code .
Get the email of a user .
Convert a string representation of a network address into a binary form .
Return True if s is in the leading tab .
Called when a reload is reloaded
Calculate the correlation between two DataFrames .
Parse hjson data .
Find the name of a foreign key constraint .
Create a task from a given file .
Find the missing whitespace from a string .
View for getting credits .
This method is used to check if the system is running .
Parse a query and return a query .
Table view .
Escape a markdown section .
Check if the result of a C pointer is valid .
Parse a HTTP date string into a datetime object .
Formats the given url with optional port and port .
Compute the n - th PDF for the given range .
Get a new command for a new directory .
Test the nearest neighbour estimator function .
Create a VM from a template
Add a role to a group .
Serialize a sequence of Document objects into a string .
Return a string representation of a number .
Called when password is changed .
Extracts a mapping from label to sample ids .
Refresh the info cache for an instance .
Checks if an attribute is private .
Compile JavaScript code .
Copy the contents of source to destination .
resize an image
Create a proxy from a serializer .
Run a function as a background thread .
Return the acosh of x .
Compute the tangent of a polynomial .
Get a list of driver names .
Returns a pickleable object for the given class .
Return jinja2 zeroes for jt and t .
Calculate the standard deviation of an input sequence .
Create a consumer .
Parse privileges string into a dict .
Raise exception if blacklist is not in blacklist
Get the location of the server .
Imports a module and returns the class .
Emits a problem submitted event .
Generate a gf1 hash
Creates a naturaltime filter .
Check if result is zero .
Release a reserved port .
Calculate the swap coefficient for a molecule .
Create a sitemitor .
Update a list .
Convert a corpus to VW format .
Post - migrate the database .
Convert name to a regular expression .
Asserts that the given logical line is equal .
Set up the lite .
Setup cache for the join method .
Attach total points to a queryset .
Add a list of vertexes to the geometry output
Get user data .
Get a file - like object .
Generate a sequence of roots of a graph .
Get torrent info
Create a wsgi resource
Processes received messages from the given messages_path .
Validate the string citations .
Convert html tags to absolute uri
Escape a null - terminated string .
Activate a requirement .
Return True if path is in progress mode .
Remove a role from the database .
Check if path is a directory .
Establish a connection to a Redis server .
Test the consistency of random streams .
Register a password reset .
Convert a frequency freq to a period .
Get a spinner .
Check if LDAP group members are disabled .
Split a namespace into a tuple .
Removes the horizontal spacing between tokens .
Test if the value is a hex color .
Execute command .
Return the path to the ca certificates .
Extracts the nested case .
Format an exception .
Returns a dictionary of callables from a module .
Return a list of files in the environment
Add missing parameters to the model .
Get all subclasses of the given class .
Test the format of the output format .
Return the requester representation of a person .
Return the full modname of a path .
Parses the given string and returns the method name and method name .
Revalidate a certificate .
Convert names to string representation .
Print network details .
An empty float .
Compute l2 projection of a basis function .
Return the configured Tagnameselect plugin .
Return the column number of loc in strg
Get a certificate from a server .
product of two iterables
Wrap the IRC hook to log events .
Parse a date into a date .
Infer the node .
Setup the specified platform .
Unescape a string .
Create a list of matplotlib colors .
Register a line discarding the cursor position .
Sort a list of strings .
Destroys all SQL indexes for model .
Get the description of a video chapter .
Return the path to a program in the environment .
Update the current configuration
Register a user in the current session .
Schedule a job to be scheduled .
Unlock an entity .
Set class properties .
Return a list of uploads for the given subreddit .
Returns True if xbps_output is installed False otherwise .
Return a tuple key for an entry .
Parse a comment .
Raise an exception if the directory error occured .
Test that all of the builtin modules have the same value .
Test the regression 0 .
Convert an object into a serializable dict .
Parse an ARXiv URL .
Start the http server .
parse command line arguments
Format the given Tb into a string .
Check recaptcha .
Add a constructor to a tag
Read an index from a file .
Clean the metadata from a dictionary .
Plots the posterior of the posterior of the trace .
Tries to get version error
Format the size of the given size .
Get CPU affinity by task .
Output coverage report .
Get the geometry output of a geometry element .
Format issue information into a dictionary
Authenticate against the server .
Test if the docx file is a lxml file .
Wrap text with given arguments .
Display site location .
Check if a procedure is a procedure .
Return the fitness and quality of a parsed media type .
Return True if the given unit is available False otherwise .
Check if a release is in an episode .
Download a file from this object .
Hook method to hook karma .
Context manager that copies a file to a temporary location .
Get a list of period names .
Disable serializers for serializers .
Validate the attributes of a mixin .
Generate blobs .
Runs a tested test against the provided context .
Get a list of image names for a given user .
Describe a distribution .
Returns a list of servers for the specified backend .
Convert a JSON row to a tuple .
Return the first word in a line of a splitline .
Given a domain name check to see if it exists .
Test to see if the crop is correct .
Compare the number of reads
Evaluate an expression .
Compute a DMP from a set of keys k .
Test if the prompt is using a process json .
Get headerguard variable from filename .
Raise TypeError if argument is not valid .
Return the document part of a document .
Deserialize a string from a string .
Apply a request to a request .
Set the interactive mode .
Evaluate an element node .
Returns the traceback of a thread .
Test if a file from a URL is a valid file .
Given a list of recipients return a set of email addresses .
Encode a string with the given encoding .
set gid for gid
Register a list of class ids .
Ensure an alias is absent .
Creates a port group .
Processes the given xmlelement and processes it .
Checks if user is logged in .
List all repos in a given directory .
Select adjacent nodes that are adjacent to the given list .
Write a file to a file
Retrieve the bootstrap script
Return a proxy for x .
Test if epochs are equal .
Install coverage requirements .
Return an error object from an XML error element .
Asserts that a logical_instance is valid .
Test grid spacing .
Register models to engine
Split a command line into arguments .
Return the number of edges in the given partition .
Compute the Kruskal - recall test .
Returns the Django comments app name .
Create a figure manager .
Repeat an array .
Get email address .
Configure settings .
Return True if the given language code is in the given language .
Evaluate a unit test on three three components .
Edit a tablespace .
Print the uptime of the hypervisor .
Test that all columns are derived from lists .
Whether the docstrings are disabled .
Create a shell command .
Copy modified Jupyter notebooks to lib
Pauses the VM .
Configure database .
Current case status .
Retrieve the default SR .
Get a release by id .
Open a text file .
Returns a list of processes with the given pid .
Calculate the filename for photo .
Convert html tree into HTML .
Visitor for autosummary table
Check if the python environment is in pyenv
Return True if any of the GPUs from the GPU are host from GPU .
Return a boolean indicating whether the page is published .
Create a button for creating a button .
Generate an event id .
Parse a pkginfo line from a line .
Run le_auto .
Raises an exception if the value is not a boolean .
Update the CC config file .
Generate a python template .
Convert a module into a dictionary .
Write a value to a path .
Unbox an array .
Test if the filelinks are in the display .
Test the smote model .
Merge two setting into a single setting .
Get the jitable rank from a single value .
Get a string representation of the current context .
Return the cosh of x .
Set SNMP community .
Return a dict mapping column indices to their index .
Get a specific tenant .
Checks if a descriptor is mobile .
Write lines to a file .
HTTP request wrapper .
Gets the number of selected items from the query .
Return information about an entry in a distribution group
Get descriptioncar from header lines .
Return the activities of a user .
Convert a list of ids into bulk indexing .
Return a new analyzer .
Get the value of a setting .
Test the weighted randomnearestnearestnearestnearest neighbors .
Assert that two dictionaries are equal .
Validate a config dict .
Run offline traffic .
Get virtual packages
daily reports
Convert a mnc to a cumulative distribution .
Send a message to a topic .
sync database
Remove queue logging handler .
URL quote a given string .
Get the power of an ipmic command .
Calculates the logistic gradient of the logistic function i .
Get the metadata for a blob .
Get a group type by its name .
Check if a hostname matches a hostname .
Convert a DBUS exception to a reason message .
Setup the builder for fast link .
Checks if the given string is a websocket string
Lookup DNS records by name .
Make sure the OGC server is up - to - date .
Convert a key text into a list of keyinfo .
Update a fixed IP address .
Return the fully qualified name of an object .
Get install function .
Remove task app from project directory
Run bdist_simple .
Build a property spec from a client factory .
Test whether the package should only be upgraded .
Crossorigin crossorigin .
return the status of the device
API version for removing network versions .
Get image member .
Safe version of bwd .
Wrapper for skipif .
Refresh the grains .
Round a number to a given precision .
uname a task
Return a tuple of the virtual machine s virtual name and a string
Set the restart mode .
Sample from num_truth .
Escape special characters in string .
Serialize an error .
Get the number of themes that have been reviewed .
Wrapper for makegba
Wrapper for getpass .
Update an instance
Convert integer t into an integer .
Connect to a given region
Returns True if the plugin has external plugins .
Calculate the nn_movie for a given uid .
Get freememem .
Check if a module is available .
Compute the Jitensian of a tableau .
Proces the given element node to the target element .
Translate a set of modifiers to a number .
Test for bad masked sizes .
Process an hour log file .
Set copyright information for builtins .
Browse the current branch .
Get a configuration value from a setting .
Allows user to select mailing lists .
Compute principal principal projection .
Run ansible module .
Yield keyboard actions .
Get deprecation documentation string .
Retrieve theme data .
Split a string into a list of strings .
Save a load to a jid
Return a dictionary of settings .
Endpoint endpoint .
Convert a string to a number .
Create a transfer job .
Monitor disk usage .
Find the degree of a matrix .
Check if hg is installed .
Convert a value to json .
Formats a list of extracted files .
Terminate a process .
get geometry output by derivation
Initialize the ovsdb handler .
Check to see if a user already exists .
Set the time of the device .
Transform a string into a slug .
Reset shortcuts to default values .
Returns True if there is an app context .
Split a node into a host name and port .
Run a shell process .
Create a new branch .
Expand a Windows path .
Uncaches a zip directory .
Aggregate pkg_aggregate packages in low chunks
get a token and tag from wotan
Normalize a batch of inputs .
Return a label for a field .
Handles POST requests .
Get system information .
Evaluate a point in a cylindrical dot product .
Raise TypeError if arg is not str .
Extracts a list of urlpatterns from a list of urlpatterns .
Provides access to the current document controller .
Return a list of resources sorted by attributes .
Creates a jinja2 context and adds it to the context
Test if a string is a literal .
Returns a random string of given length .
Convert a dictionary to unicode .
Parses a list of statements .
View for deleting a user .
Setup the host device .
Returns True if the given string is a valid IPv6 address .
Apply a clip to a clip .
Evaluate expr as string
Test that the role is serialization .
Localize a timezone aware datetime .
Construct the request URI .
Partition entropy by attribute .
Compute the minimum distance between the given nodes .
Rescale a numpy array .
Apply a palette to an image .
Attempt to attempt to use the user s effective UID .
Returns a list of VM statuses .
Migrate data_dir to str_dir
Load a dataset .
Parse a SQLAlchemy XML file .
Decode a string into a tuple .
Makes a remote method .
Decorator for caching apcaccess
Calculate the hash of a torrent
Remove a file or directory .
Return the number of characters in the right side of the string .
Return a triangle of two sas .
Get an account s account information .
Serialize a ControlAMP packet into a string .
Write error message to stderr .
Get geometry output from element node .
Decompose a boolean expression into a single tuple .
Get makeopts options .
Recursively copy a directory .
Get all reservations for the given resources .
Return a tuple of the virtual machine s virtual name
Convert an image to a numpy array .
Return an iterable over the given shape .
Return True if text is a plural form .
Return the state name from a string
Configure an inline backend .
Set string metadata .
Setup logging .
Test that a gaussian model is not equal to 1D .
A function that opens a file - like object .
Return True if the given object is a class instance .
This function is called when a backup is completed .
B value property .
Runs a PISA PDF with the given data .
Register a growl .
Clean up garbage collected .
Returns True if a package file exists otherwise False .
Copy attributes from old_node to new_node .
Updates the parameters of the parameters that are evoked by the function .
Convert a hash of a dictionary into a dictionary .
Return a list of quaternos corresponding to the campos .
Convert text into an integer .
Initialize the configuration .
Toggles the options from the given parameter .
Get memory usage .
Iterate through iterators .
Get a list of paths that are used to manipulate a complex .
Unescape HTML .
Set all immutable fields to zero .
Add a user account to an external account .
Detect shippable changes .
Returns a list of mailcap files .
Generator that yields coordinates of the grid .
Run the converge algorithm .
Add job log message .
Check if estimator is valid .
Redirect to ssl_login .
Return a unicode version of argument .
Returns a dict with user profile information .
Get the version of a file .
Raise an exception if there is not enough semaphore .
Run a test suite .
Make a response object .
Parse qualifier list .
Decorator to map a volume to a single host .
Decode value to unicode .
Traverse a tree starting from start_node and get its descendants .
Write GIF to file .
Return the numeric part of a string .
Get a property from an object .
Add an openxmltag to the output .
Return a dict containing the grains of the minion
Encode a header dict into a string .
Private function for _optstep .
Test if mult_div is equal to the number of times .
Return a range of dates between start and end dates .
Checks the length of the sequence lengths in the FASTA file .
Encode a certificate .
Force a running version of the API .
Memoize a search result .
Get partition information .
Get a category value .
Convert a number to a toroman number .
Create a YAML string from dispatch list .
Sample the bernoulli samples .
Setup the server for the specified domain .
Setup logging .
Simple wrapper for nested views .
Generate a category record .
Create a new dict and return it .
Compute the covariance matrix of two series .
Run an uninstalled and pip install it .
Perform a permute - permute a list of items in a list .
Return the number of kilometers between meters .
Compare two constant time intervals .
Decompose a JBI big - end stream into a tuple .
Return a cache key for a given account and container .
Return True if the given token is equal to the given token .
Marks a function as delayed by delay_denial .
Create a device .
Creates a 2D polygon where x is below xmin y and ys are below the
Change the gid of a group
Return a list of paths to manipulate .
Get information about an interface .
Test example against PyTPM .
Test if HSL is valid RGB .
Create a flow from a task .
Get the number of hosts in the query .
Convert a string to a value .
Compute the softmax .
Retrieve a role for a language .
Run a command from a command line .
Create a VLAN interface .
Get course enrollment info
Build a URL for an endpoint .
Select command based on corrections .
Test if a new bundle has been loaded .
Generate regex patterns for gettext .
Returns a list of the names of the factory modules .
Encode a unicode string .
Return True if expr is a function variable .
Generate a request id .
Create a spyder application
Get the details of the event source
Show a service certificate
Return True if result is complete .
Test if the user logged in .
Generate a HMAC signature .
Extract a member from a tar archive .
Get the line number of the given node .
Convert a level to a log level .
Post save signal handler .
Pack the request and data into a packet .
Evaluate an expression by looking at the given value .
Processes an XML element and prints the attributed dictionary .
Set the x y layout
Return a DataFrame with the total totals that are present in the given base res .
Return True if item is in list
Return True if value is greater than arg .
Return True if source is newer than source .
Get all instances for a specific host and node .
Migrate the site configuration .
Create a signed JWT .
Return the ratio of two strings .
Wait for VBL to finish .
Compute the fingerprint of a list of files .
Return the path to a device .
Filter tasks by name .
Returns true if the field is somatic .
Edit a salesource .
Takes a URL and parses it if it is valid .
Get auth settings .
Setup console logger
Try to reverse url_name .
Return a list of events from btmp
Check if the given source is a flat source .
Get the configuration for the interface
Get the timezone for the current timezone .
Checks if the user can add translations to the project .
Test the performance of the Python function .
Expand an integer into an integer .
Sorts a list of results .
Return the number of clickthrough clicks .
Safely pause the client to snapshot .
Test if condition equals condition .
Verify that the bucket name is dns .
return the number of cpus in the system
Stop logging for the given instance .
Return a list of etcs
Strip a single value from a string .
Register a flag that is logged in .
Check if there are missing blocks in the database .
Extract the HTML content from a response body .
Update a node s values .
Perform authorization check on groups .
Runs the main function of the SSH server .
Convert a string to a binary string .
Returns a new scratch view
Test EC2 allocator .
This function is called when the timesecay has been reached .
Create a web app .
Open a text file and return an open file object .
Try to find a user in the environment .
Return the trailing dot .
Ensure that the badge is enabled for the given course .
Access the current instance .
Return system information
Test if make_imbalance equals ratio .
Enable or disable a service .
Turn a string field into a valid integer field name .
Skip forward 64 - bit encoding .
Add a request to the queue .
Clone the target dictionaries according to their configuration .
Validate a block of tokens .
No log warning .
Get email from user_id
Read an int32 .
Determine if a travis PR is in Travis PR .
Report deprecated worker module usage .
Convert a string into an HTML fragment .
Decode a nameid from a string
Get a bucket .
Return a list of installed packages for a given jid
Add double output to a function .
Returns the total number of seconds since epoch .
List instance profiles .
Return a constant x .
Remove an opt_in from a message .
Iterate over XML elements of an object .
Redirect to url .
Get the string at the pointer .
List user roles .
Return a string representation of a list .
Run test on data .
Clear all artifacts of a version .
Broadcast an axis to an array .
This function sets up the required cameras .
Called when the request is deleted .
Returns a JSON - serializable representation of the failed validation .
Convert a value to a NumPy array .
Warn a user warning
Setup the test database
Monitor a list of processes .
Generate a new state file name .
Encrypts in_stream with padding .
Return a context dict for a given revision .
Load a Python module .
Evaluate multi - m2m view .
Convert a list of symbols into a list of tokens .
Create a new egg .
Update the location tree for a feature .
Log an informational message .
Load a module from a file .
Convert an object to a string .
Check that the passphrase matches the passphrase .
Get meta schemas .
Generate a certificate string .
Parse authentication from a URL .
Rotate an encryption key .
Evaluate the bundle of ORM bundles .
Render a list of sales leads .
Initialize a configuration dictionary
Route a user to a topic .
Installs a Jupyter notebook on the system .
Return a list of cliques from the given graph .
Compute a hub matrix from a graph g .
Run wsgi server .
Load all registered account types .
Get a masked string from a string .
Yield missing whitespace from a string .
Decrypt and decrypt the given data .
Iterate over test tests .
Clear the specified feature .
Get queue list from queue_list .
Load data from a stream .
Delete unjustified issues .
Get the python installation path .
Initializer for _initializer .
Decorator to catch corrupted database errors .
Clear the cache .
delete a servicegroup server
Download a file .
Remove leading whitespace from arg .
Delete a port
Return the current time in milliseconds .
Return a dict of all the networks in the minion
Return whether the module can import .
Return a list of glob patterns .
Return True if the current state is a valid line .
Find the differences between two files .
Print current line number .
Convert an ASCII format to a string .
Get the name variations of a name .
Create a domain coin flip .
Parse email date from content .
Cache the pkgin command
Closes the current session
Get the combined keywords from the list of words .
Runs the last episode command .
Check if a file exists .
Returns a list of column names from filters .
Ensure that the named service is disabled
Return the version information for the minion .
Clean test files .
Return captured stdout .
Returns True if the given name is a bucket .
Run a statement in a separate thread .
Convert the given locale to the appropriate language .
Invalidate a module s time cache .
Convert a URI to a URI .
Proces the given element node by its derivation .
Main script entry point .
Helper function to get stack events .
Get the IP address of the host
Serialize a callable into a pickle file .
Filter lettuce_apps based on django_apps .
Convert a string to bytes .
Truncate a title if possible .
Find the edge in the graph g .
Create the sum pdist of the sum distribution
Scans postfix for postfix .
Get user information for social auth
Register all methods to the application .
Fit the model to the model .
Get unknown path attributes for unknown paths .
Delete a repo from the database
Return a tuple of key and value pairs from a dictionary .
Determine whether the SmartOS globalzone is used .
Return True if app_name is installed False otherwise .
Get a provider or a requirement
Return True if path is a mount point .
Remove a specific site from the minion
Parses a state value from a state value .
Refresh the list of strings in the database .
Returns True if the path should be included in exclude_patterns .
Uninstall a package
Get a specific block device volume .
Validate iterables and fields .
Logs a logout .
Returns the command if it exists .
Read lines from a file - like object .
Get chimeras from a nast alignment file .
Verify that ldev is valid .
Get the results of a survey
Return a tuple with the code and code number .
Encode a string using quopri .
Check if a directory is a setupable python package .
Returns a set of all sources in the flocker source directory .
Require a channel to be sent on a channel .
Get a single version .
Get the cubic path of the given control points .
Returns a list of candidates for a looplift .
Get the file descriptor of a file .
Return the account s creation date .
Return True if the user has a language cookie .
Test if the slices overlap with the same mode .
Checks that the given text is in the correct format .
Set a password for a keyring .
Normalize a path .
Display the results of a poll .
Add a friend .
Restore int value .
Test if empty_history is empty .
Show group members .
Generates a dictionary of dictionaries with the given prefix .
Load the user from the bootstrap database
Get the set of lun ids for mappings .
Returns the default sharing strategy .
Implements the Gfiner division .
Calculate the momentcondunwise difference between two distributions .
Get the git cache timestamp .
Expand the hierarchy metadata of a dictionary .
Helper to create a Variable with weight decay .
Parse monit status from monit summary .
Initialize a database connection .
Flag the jinja2 filter .
Helper function to send an email .
Reads data from the given interface and returns a list of strings .
Assert that text matches the given text .
The missing docutils page .
Decorator to indicate that the tracemalloc buffers are dumped .
Grant a privilege to a database
Toggle fullscreen mode .
This method is called when an instance has changed .
Find domain configuration file .
Parses a statement .
Creates a new thread .
Get the language from the request .
Get a new hop repository .
Yields a list of values from the given list .
Returns a tuple with the name of the virtual machine .
Generate index page from a list of links .
Returns the number of votes for the given object .
Bind a floating IP to a device .
Initialize ansible variables .
Raises an AssertionError iff s is less than s2 .
Clamp norm of a normal vector .
Test that the outline should be ignored .
Move the stack in the current frame .
Create a new class .
Build a test suite .
Generate a random minion id .
Convert name_value_list into a python dictionary .
Find a Unix socket location .
Return a copy of os . environ .
Create a zfs storage pool .
Read a string from buffer .
Generate a random id .
Return the indices of the minimum values along an axis .
Apply func to expr .
Get current request .
Command line interface for running behave behave .
Applies a linear convolution to the given arguments .
Add a string to the session if not present .
Generate the symmetric coinc matrix .
Interrupt and sleep until the sleep_time is reached .
Export the status of anora2 task to a server .
Perform basic login authentication .
Reshape values to a given shape .
Parse a line from a line .
Create rawarray from multiprocessing .
Write a string to a file .
Bulk insert dictionaries .
Solve 3D transformation between two 3D points .
Apply sls to a lowstate object .
Print status message and headers .
Removes a tenant from a flavor access list .
Hide the traceback from the stack .
Returns a parser for ASWRT devices .
Displays a list of person s themes .
Generate sample indices .
Parse a patch message .
Evaluate a model .
Extract all time results from a string
Get the neighbor configuration for a given ip address .
Add edit resources to the context .
Return the variables associated with the variable i and o .
Check if text has mixed EOL characters .
Get a value from a request .
Get a list of folders .
Insert a twistport into an interpolation .
Test the number of random numbers .
Test if the AST can be used to compile code .
Create a legendre .
Return a list of shells
Validate the test logs .
Print connection information .
Lock a password
Fix lib_dir to fix symlinks .
Returns a list of all possible rectangules .
Convert a filename to a cache file .
Iterate over all modules in a given path .
Get a property from the device .
Get a template by name .
Send a command to a channel .
Get a volume by name
Run the command line program .
Invoke pecl program .
Override system resolver .
Check if value is a CSV option .
returns a list of cpu ids
Set absolute path to absolute file name .
Pre - order list preorder .
Split delete delete into chunks .
Returns True if the given file is empty .
small helper to push a directory to a test directory .
Get a random color .
Find an image by its identifier
Chooses the shard lookup .
Encode a certificate .
View a map .
Run the test suite .
Logs a user in the request .
Return a nginx configurator .
Returns True if all values are not equal .
Normalize a vector .
Perform a http request to the given path .
Get the default secret key .
Get validation set from train and validation set .
Parse a template string .
View tags .
Test for continuous error .
Send robots . txt file .
Set the label of a string .
Parse if statement .
Return the sigma of a sequence .
Test if a media file matches the sprite s media .
Lint the output of the tool .
The water source controller .
Return a copy of the given expression .
Scan an example file and return a list of backrefs .
Return a dict with the configuration of the host .
Creates a route for the given string .
Checks the attributes of the class to see if the extends attribute is valid .
Uninstall one or more packages .
Return the default locale information
Create an image document .
Clear the database environment .
Checks whether the user can change the dictionary .
Concatenate a clip to its length .
Clean up cached objects .
Update base basepre .
Parse datetime . timedelta .
Format a single configuration line into a readable string .
Test for plot locations .
Train a tf . trainable .
Add a candidate to the results .
Set the dimension of the command .
Given a list of suggestions return a list of suggestions
Read requirements from a requirements file .
Add a timeframed query manager to the given sender .
Get a list of packages from a mirror .
Create a rules config file
Add a test fixture to a test fixture .
Run pylint .
Ensure that the named container exists .
read a file
Yields x509 data .
Get the revision for this package .
Get the content of a file .
Return the script for a VM
Get a dict of BOM stations .
Return True if path is in ignored_tests .
Print query results .
Convert unicode character to string .
Get the exclude string from the client directory .
Construct the URL for a resource provider .
Change the gid of a group
Return the line number of the current line .
Get a list of indices .
Test whether the symmetricalloglocator has parameters set on the multiticker operator .
Apply test_func to each element in sequence .
Decorator to turn a function into a WSGI function .
Normalize GCE facts to be used in GCE .
Open file with open mode .
Creates a topic rule .
Run the main entry point .
Split a list of issues into a list of pull requests .
Evaluate op on a and b .
Get the value of a physical constant .
Use pytest . mark_quality_checker to test quality checker .
Get a complex polygon by start and end angle .
Return a dictionary of boolean values for the given name .
Enqueue a task to be queued .
Assert that the RNN is equal to the number of neurons .
Return True if obj is a scalar .
Return a matplotlib figure .
Return an error string with traceback .
Reblock a 2x2 matrix .
Run a command and wait for it to complete .
This function should be called by django . pytest
Add linecache checkcache to cache .
Run a test on the test package .
Check for animal pre - save events .
Set an attribute of an object .
Draw an integer color .
Execute a top - down rule .
Check the http server .
Checks if a character is a character chunk
Parse a list of words from a text .
Scale the time series x .
Test for the last column array of the last column .
Returns the last access time of a file .
Parse output from template
Get s3 access key .
Convert a scalar or scalar to an i8 array .
Show standard icons
Returns a list of topics .
Convert the command output to a list .
Returns a list of the files in the specified package .
Load an item from the cache .
Build resources .
Custom handler for soundcloud user .
View redirect handler .
Delete an IPsecPolicy
Set windows size .
Draw a set of landmarks onto the image .
Return data to database
Return a list of modules not loaded
Assert that the navigation link is valid .
open a file with the given flags
Generate a random sentence .
Test that a dict is valid .
Set control state to port .
Convert an iterable of Channels to Eg elements .
Returns a router instance .
Calculate a square part of a function .
Wrapper for ceil .
Return True if obj is a writeable file - like object .
Generate coordinates for the given zoom level .
Return True if address is a valid IPv4 address .
Write output to file .
Return a string representation of an object .
Create a scratch buffer .
Remove the last n elements from a sequence .
Return a copy of the environment without coverage information .
Return True if value is in the given range .
limit testlink limit
Test if HSL color to RGB .
Get debpkg version string .
Test that the chart has the same attributes .
Fetch daylight hours for a location .
Get a track for a given track id .
Return virtual machine name .
Compute a time - varying version of the audio file .
Return an array of dac range .
Return a unique path .
Render a template to a string .
Raise an exception if a variable is not found .
Render markdown_text .
Convert a value to a timezone aware datetime .
Parse onblog date string .
Execute a shell command and return the result .
Check for whitespace before parameters .
Remove illegal characters from XML - safe characters .
Add tracebacks to data .
Obtain a single instrument by id .
Kill all running containers .
Convert a font size to a fixed width .
Test if the ecliptical ecliptical ecliptical ecliptic is
Return the path to the directory where the plugins are installed .
Split the server version ID into a tuple .
Cleanup a database
CMReestablishment request .
creates a network layer
Create a list of choices from choices .
Returns an edxapi client
Replace aliases with their email addresses .
Initialize a resource manager .
Return True if label_flags are level labels .
Create an image .
Verify that the password matches the expected password .
Get a new top repository
Output the header and dash .
Get the current language .
URL encode string .
Update the number of revisions in the locale .
Get the ros home directory .
Updates the order of the units in order to match the order in order
Set the status of an rcconf file
returns a GET request
Return a unicode representation of a value .
find a file or directory
Run commands in parallel .
Unpickles a method from a class .
Orders the complex poles in a complex order .
Calculate the padding length of stringlen
Return True if path is a valid device
Calculate the skewness of an iterable .
Get a valid working directory .
Convert a key to a tuple .
Test whether the categorylinks plugin is enabled for the current user .
Return a formatted string from an address .
Find the bootable volume for a server
Create a new column with a given type .
autostart autostart command
Calculate temperature from HASS temperature .
Get parameters from a function .
Split a list of features into a list of featurestrains .
Generate recommendations for all sub topics .
Raise ValueError if number of returned fields are too large .
Expand dimension links to a list of strings .
Create a subscript node .
Interpret the bootstrap stderr of a bootstrap stderr .
Encode a base64 - encoded string to a base64 - encoded string .
handle a list member change
Test if hide is suppressed .
Upload a file to the given address .
Compare two sets of separation angles .
Create a HTTP request .
Clear all database tables from each scenario .
Consume an iterator from an iterator .
Returns the global configuration dictionary .
Check that the input is mono .
Reboot the server .
Returns True if the given resource exists in the list
Convert bytes to ElementTree .
Ensure that the given throttle is valid .
Create a text line with the given parameters .
Perform HTTP redirect .
Initialize the tellcore device .
Create a backup
Get the arc distance from a relative location .
Fetch an image from the given image .
Wrapper for popen .
Get the default object values for the current object .
Returns a dictionary mapping model id to an exploration summary .
Creates a client to cloud CDN .
Raise astropyError .
Download a file from a container .
Dump obj to a string .
Translate a mode to an NDImage mode .
Write a file diff between old_tree and new_tree .
Convert a sequence of bytes to a bytestring .
Convert a parameter to a softmax value .
Check if comma in saml file exists in SAML .
Checks for missing folders in a generic role .
Creates a component factory for an authentication component
Encode a single header value .
Send getsystemstats request
Update a follower .
Convert a list of key - value pairs into a dictionary .
Validate a config dict .
Profile the gradient of a b01 dataset .
Convert a FASTQ file to a FASTQ file .
Updates metadata for the given record .
Returns a unique ID for the request .
Returns a tuple of the interfaces and their addresses .
Parse HTML page .
Create a user .
Return the absolute path to a relative path .
Return True if module not found .
Assert that tpdiff has the same type .
Fitter to fit a model to the given fps .
Handles a ticket edit .
Return a tuple of gens .
Reset the template info cache .
Perform a match operation between two strings .
Test for find_eog
Return a list of font names matching the specified directory .
Summarize a list of items .
Entry point for the main function .
Return an isolate from a rational algebra .
Sets the log record factory .
Add a tomenu plugin to the settings .
Return the distance between two strings .
Test if value is an odd number .
Convert a topo to a sphere .
Convert double nibbles to hex encoding .
Get a lexer for a mimetype .
Register the cursor to the cursor position .
Create a default initializer for linear initialization .
Decorator to skip the given commands .
Calculate the expected energy for the expected energy .
Parse a string into a Date object .
Test if finite ffail is finite .
Unzip an archive .
Handle the next item in the history .
Create a Windows event .
Return a list of target files that match the given build file .
Make a square image .
Return a relative path from start to start .
Helper function to check if an entity has changed .
Join host and port .
Load the compiler configuration .
Read data from a data file .
Return a tuple of strings representing the virtual machine .
Create a label parameter .
Test for simple 2D model classes .
Return the latest version of the installed packages .
Creates an initial scope for inception .
Print text .
Scan a module and return a boolean if it exists .
Generate a random filesystem label for a test case .
Command line options
Return an iterator over all entry points in a namespace .
Get filters from a dictionary .
Format the given options .
Calculate the binary cross entropy between two outputs .
Setup a device .
Compute logistic function for given value .
A decorator that tests the command if the shell is set to True .
Return a list of valid functions
Fit a distribution to a sample of samples .
Test for reshape .
Get a collection of samples for a collection
Return a list of mdadm devices
Add a breadcrumb for the given string .
Read a number of bits from the system .
Load settings from a file .
Return a list of individuals selected by k - lexicographical crossover .
Normalize a path .
Convert a value to a value .
Reload EBS volume state .
Get a media object .
Get model instance by pk .
Setup the specified nodes
Generate headers
Delete a column .
Scan in the config file for the plugin_name .
Get user settings from username .
Get a piece of Shakespeare text .
Check if the qos spec is valid .
Generate an indptr for a JIT .
Eliminate whitespace .
Return the most frequent value .
Return the current version of the request .
Run a test on the system environment .
Return a list of paths to be merged .
Test if two arrays are equal .
Load markovmodel .
Writes a text to a list of colors .
A contextmanager that silences stdout and stderr .
Verify that a package is installed on all the eggfragments .
Return a dict with the default configuration parameters .
Apply markdown to a string .
Check if the name is valid .
Validate the passwd and passwd .
Right shift x onto x .
Get libvlc compiler .
Get all words from a dictionary .
Generate autocomplete directive for test program .
Compute the square root .
Wrapper for getlum series .
Extend a list of spans to extend a year range .
Return a listening socket .
Raise ValueError on filelinks .
Remove trailing whitespace characters .
Prompts the user to open a file .
Ensure uri with unquoted .
Get metrics record for a rectype
Initialize the module .
Return a list of polygon segments of a polygon .
Parse a cinder to get the position and position of a cinder todo .
Create an image tag .
Return a list of filenames in the given subject .
Get the name of a task .
Decode BSON bytes to dict .
Handle unfavorite events .
Filter a list of dictionaries based on search_key and search_value
Matches type .
Apply besselter to data .
Check if a master node is running .
Reboot a device .
Proximal operator .
Format the allowed section to be used .
Checks if the given project can be cached .
Setup a switch .
Convert datetime to w3CDTF formatted string .
Return a list of images from the image .
Install a pip fail cause of the previous build directory .
Convert a Python value into an expression .
Delete extra specs for a given volume type .
Parse a header line .
Fail if word fails .
Return installed packages .
Get the list of activity ids subscribed to a user .
Return a list of zeros of nt values .
Copies metadata from a volume to a volume .
Handle abstract declaration .
Checks if the given arguments are in quiet mode .
Helper function to delete a bridge interface .
Push a topic to a topic .
Check if a file is a tar file .
Test the performance of the TRIX .
Send email notification when user changes .
Check if device exists .
Check if an episode is in the database .
Test the 3D rotation of the 3D rotation .
Validate a schema against a schema .
Compute the cross - product .
Return the configuration path to the config file .
Recursively decode a string or list of strings
Get all available services for an instance .
Recursively walk a list of paths and return the number of warnings .
Test the advanced incor1 function .
Convert a list of boxes to xy coordinates .
Return a list of loops from a list of loops .
Test if we have access to the dataset .
Returns True if the certificate is virtual .
Parse the link id from a link
Convert binary string to VNI integer .
Return a list of files in a package
Annotate a string with textclip .
Returns the model context for a given model or None .
Fetch an image from the server
Return the maximum value of x .
Get translation dictionary .
Guess the type of a field .
Initialize bind completion model
Returns the path to the OS SSL certificate file
Return a colormap .
Return the certificate as a string
Derives a unique identifier from a path .
Handle password reset form .
Find a single review request object
Parses the progress bar from the resource manager .
Creates a compensator for cf components .
Replace line breaks with line breaks .
Get command line arguments .
Convert an integer to an integer .
Decorator to indicate that the tracemalloc memory is running .
Complete a sequence of strings .
Set the mode of the minion
Split a string into a list of lines .
Assert that a PBR is valid .
Retrieve a list of messages .
Ensure entry points are valid .
Install an editable package from a svn script .
Record the onboarding task for the project .
Add a filehandler to the given path .
Reset all tables in the database .
Join two paths together .
Start a deeder .
Rename a process .
Initialize the database
Extract a ZIP archive .
Write an incrontab file to a user s incrontab
Return deconv data from a h5 file .
Convert the given node into HTML .
Return a string representation of a date .
Calculate the cumulative cumulative of a given MCMC .
Copy SSL options to the options file .
Cache a test fixture .
Log error callback .
Decode each string in an array .
Get the content of a file .
Add the enterprise_url to the request .
Return True if the given string is an int .
convert a row to polygon
Ensure that a string is UTF - 8 .
Return available sizes for a given zone
Decode a RFC2222 token string .
Delete a quality of service specs .
Whitelist the given file .
Validate a config dict .
Add basic options to an opt group .
Runs the runner with the given command .
Create https certificates and private key .
Create a return URL from a base URL .
Convert a local path to a canonical canonical path .
Get a reference value by key .
Default callback for zip upload .
List all meters mapped to a project .
Load local variables from a file .
Returns a list of files which are unmodified by file types .
Context manager to temporarily disable updates .
Add a list of vertices to a list of vertices .
Runs the setup command .
Convert a datetime object to a timezone aware datetime .
Run a fcgi server using fcgi .
Returns a TTP class corresponding to the given temporalImp type .
Load ndist images from file .
Compare the line style of the event collection .
Create a simple tag for simple tags .
Serialize a sequence of Document objects into a string .
Create a test history object .
Delete a draft draft
Test whether Gaussian priors are equal .
Delete a cached URL .
Return a list of active contexts .
Add a value to the given point .
Parse command line arguments .
Join multiple rows into a single string .
Redo the undone command
Convert a list of IPv4 addresses into a list of IPv4 addresses .
Return the version of the nftables command
Error handler for admin actions .
Test if the systemd running state is running .
Add SSH public keys to a file .
Return a list of jids
Checkout files by user .
Register a tag that will be included in the given string .
Useful tests to test fixtures .
Print status message .
Corrects a font to the given font .
Get the properties table for the image
Return a list of all available VMs
Call a warning or raise a warning .
Quote a shlex quote .
Writes the merged cells in the worksheet .
Setup enoceanlight .
Ensure that all required module dependencies are present .
Ensure users with local site exist .
Ensure that the inverse of a vectorized matrix is symmetric .
Remove all filepaths older than mtime
Install a docker plugin
Create a DataFrame containing the expected data for a factor range .
Read a cache entry from f .
Return a list of fields for the given model .
Expand a dictionary into a single dictionary .
Return the salt configuration
Add a MIDI command .
Build a new traversal spec from a client factory .
Calculate ROC100 rate
Ensure that the named peer is peered
Build a base class .
Show threads .
Raise an exception from the user service .
Remove a package
The path of the Cuckoo analyzer .
Generate a date from ticks .
Sends email confirmation for user .
Get logical start and end of result .
Handle closing settings .
Use pytest to create a pix map from a pixel coordinates .
Insert a path into the sys path .
Convert a resource to a Table .
Returns a jinja environment .
Renders the best match for a template .
Test if the sparktext is on the right line .
Helper for item_string_expr .
Returns a mapping of item field names to template fields .
Validate read preference tags .
Checks if a path exists .
Serve a file in the Minion
Rename a container
Send an authorization url to the server .
Convert string to unicode .
Compile multiple sources .
A context manager that creates an example script .
Status of a volume attached to a volume .
Returns True if the current environment is in a dev2 environment .
Close the satellite connection to the satellite
Parse a git patch file .
Returns a list of voronoi loops for a given point
Executor for globus launchctl
Validate a file - like object .
Get version of evennia .
This function is used to temporarily sleep for a task .
Handle labeled statement .
returns a newderivation object
Automodel for automodel .
Paging request .
Checks that the given string is the correct language .
Show diffs .
Returns True if two DNs are the same .
Disable a module .
Get the current platform .
Return the inverse Fourier transform .
Run test on the SVC model .
Acquire a PID for a specific command .
Get the last week dashboard stats for the given user .
Get text feedback .
Create bookmark collection .
Test the gradient of t .
Send a message to a recipient
Display a numpy array of data
Starts a new AMQP listener .
Open Firewalld command .
Check if a directory is empty .
Get the configuration URL for a given name .
Returns True if failed False otherwise .
Add a user to the course creator .
Perform a query into the database
Parse command line arguments .
Get a field from a string
Context manager that creates a context manager for capturing stdout .
Checkout a branch .
Tag an image
Argument update .
Return an object or raise an HTTP404 .
Get the Ceph version
Collect the roots of a set of base paths .
Write out a JSON file to a file .
Test ratio of adasynch .
Write server password to file
Install or update a package with a submodule .
Parse usage information for usage .
Makes a mock request to a remote server .
Encode an object as a unicode string .
Return a list of the installed bridges
Get the system username .
Split a string into a tuple and a file path .
Evaluate an element node .
Generate logo from image file .
Check if a TCP connection can be established .
Generate gradients for dipy .
Uninstall flocker .
Location updating accept setting .
Get the currently running process .
Get glance id
Load environment .
Handle checkmail email .
Prune all directories in the given path .
Extract all validations from the body of a body .
Returns the python compiler .
Wait for the given amount of time in seconds .
Returns the number of parameter banks in a device .
Displays whether remote events are enabled .
Get the printz value of a line block .
Encrypt text using SSH public key .
Ignore headers from the request
Shortcut for abort .
Signup a user .
Check sdram_config_set
Update the index of a unit .
Creates a group of flaskbbb groups .
Test the softmax with a softmax .
Generate a set of SQL code stubs .
Try to load an IPython extension
Check that superset contains a subset .
Manage the active log format
Convert mpl_symbol to a string .
Makes sure that a previously added version has been added .
Check for copyright information .
Create a new output thread .
Copy local classes between node2 and node2 .
Returns a list of fieldset fieldsets filtered by exclude_id .
Authenticate given credentials .
Add etag to response .
Runs a job and logs its errors .
Partition a dictionary into a key and value pair .
Return a list of package paths .
Creates a javafatl library .
Deactivate all translations .
Convert hex color to RGB .
Build the response body .
get the lowest score of a list of scores
Generate a word relationships .
Deletes a task from the system .
Get the size of a set entry .
Return True if the given text has jaxcrawl content .
Parse a resource definition from a resource info dict .
Convert a string to a Promise object .
Get the current session configuration .
Returns the Qemu format corresponding to the given format .
Clean assets
Get a list of allowed configuration keys .
Get a unicode output stream .
Sync email addresses for user .
Tries to find an executable in a given path .
Get the tags for a instance
convert image to wx
Invalidate the cache for the import cache .
Get device count .
Check if symlink is ok .
Get the largestinset from a given loop .
Create a new release command .
Configures all mappers registered .
Invert an image .
Verify views in Couchbase .
Choose a number of lines from a source .
Return True if the array is a sparse array .
Returns True if the service is disabled False otherwise .
Register the tabs in the current context
Register cronjobs for Google Analytics .
Get the block size of the specified device .
Configure firewall .
Return a unique variable .
Iterate through all modules in the modules_dir directory .
Convert block_device_mapping to a dict of block_device_mapping .
Set the copyright for the Python code .
Return a string representing the variable count error .
Create a tasklistextension object .
Return True if val is a boolean False otherwise .
Convert a gray list to a binary string .
Create a test descriptor system
Add cdpaths to paths .
Checks whether the user has ownership of the object .
Interpret the size of a string
Decorator to provide metadata for a function .
Set DHCP dns for the specified interface
Get the user name .
Return the content type for the Accept header .
Convert a pandas Series to an epoch64 .
Compare two cryptovariables .
Prompt user for a user choice .
Parse a tcp line into a dictionary
Returns a generator and prime generator for a given key .
Get the encryption oracle for the given secret name .
Remove all templates from the server .
Determine the user agent string .
Rebuild the wiki document .
Test if the CRS time is in the future .
Generate random text .
Creates a command with sudoers .
Compare two strings .
Entry point for the script .
Return a string representation of a number .
Return the full path to a test file
Calculate the average weight of a path .
Select an entry_points from a list of entry_points .
Decode a single thumbnail to a tuple .
Entry point for the mainloop .
Annotate the buffer and add the process to the buffer .
get quote by nick and nick
Convert a value to a deferred .
Validate the glcontext .
Get reverse primer sequences from a mapping .
Return a dictionary mapping names to language codes .
paste a text into a file
Convert a mode to a string .
Syncs groups for the receiver
Returns the value of the contents of a file .
Create a role
Return True if obj is a writeable file - like object .
Test the flattener layer for training .
Discovers discovered devices .
Post - process a group processor .
Raise an error with an error .
Return a function to connect to a dialect .
Remove a service .
Setup plugin options .
Return a copy of the geometry node with the given radius .
Fill all of the sample data with sample data .
Get a value from a local attribute value .
Mobify an image
Test for use of tables .
Initialize the plugin .
Return a list of serials from SQLite3
Modify a profile
Returns the current user or None .
Backup the app to GCS .
Record a test result .
Creates a context manager for the given subsystem .
Lock the minion
Generate Java test coverage flag based on the environment .
Get a node s value
Delete an image property
Delete a logger .
Strips all ANSI escape sequences from text .
Turn a list into a tuple of lists .
Check if the hostname of a given netloc .
Set the directory of the given directory .
Display the screensaver .
Return the version of the minion .
Bootstrap a bot .
Start a VM
Republish a task .
Return a selectbracket plugin .
Runs the main function .
Test implementation of download_specify .
Get the maximum distance between the given paths .
Return a tuple of two colordiffs .
Get the location of an object .
Show an error .
Test the weighted average of the n - nearest neighbors .
Test the number of columns in the database .
Convert a string to a list of IP addresses .
Start a job .
Retrieve a set of top IDs from a segmented list .
Recursively merge two dicts .
Convert RGB to HSV .
Initialize a test .
Test the format of the configuration .
Return a list of paths in a path .
Get a piece of text from a text file .
Get a flavor by ID .
Serialize an object to JSON .
Install a package from a broken wheel .
Create a group .
Get CPU times .
Describe a cache cluster .
Skip ip_supported_encodings in the current working directory .
Enforces the validity of the configuration .
Get a sample of all resources
Reset the password for the user .
Validates that the registered plugin methods are present in the given plugin class .
Set the configuration of a VM .
Create a CSR from a certificate string .
Get OS ID .
Generate all datasets from a deployment .
Return a dict of required dependencies .
Parse a JSON response .
Set the state of a package
Try an object from an object .
Convert text into unicode .
Enable the mako_templates .
Load JSON from a file .
Return whether the given key is an optional value .
Convert a coordinate to an action .
print ifconfig test
Return the disk bus bus for the given disk device .
Sets up the traditional switch .
Creates a Widget object for the given module and view .
Return a string representation of the given object .
Compute the tanh .
Return a string representation of a matrix .
Replace unnamed groups in a pattern .
Check if a directory is a theme directory .
Returns a list of complex complex paths .
Check if a module is loaded .
Calls function with given arguments
Helper function to check if a temp file exists .
Get a role by name
Move srcfile to destfile
Return the first element of an iterable that matches the given function .
Convert a version object into a version object .
Attempt to locate a filename .
Execute a salt command
Format a number of bytes into a human readable form .
Postfix postfix .
Get a list of profilers .
Checks if CUDA is available .
Return a list of all registered objects .
Calculate maximum value .
Generate random id
Return a requests session object
Check if the given doctype has a permission .
Return a list of enabled quotas .
Create a terminal output .
Create a DNS server
Get an attribute from an object .
Generate SHA1 hash of given content .
Read a file .
Test if text is reset .
Build a dictionary of argument specification for use in retry .
Calculate the plurality of a collection of objects .
Parse unary expression .
Save a new model to the database .
Return a dictionary containing an ANOVA .
get interface options
Compute the log - likelihood of a given observation .
Find the top k k in seq .
initialize compare
Create a new query .
Get information about the system
Checks that the major version is valid .
Returns the minimum value of a copula .
Proces the given element node to the target element .
Parses a header and returns it .
Search for the LXC bridge .
Re - raise an exception .
Subscribe to the specified document .
Return True if we are running in a virtualenv .
Similar to htmlparser but uses htmlparser to parse data
Test the mesh data .
Resolve patterns_path to absolute path
Get a dictionary from the environment .
Compute the targets and labels for the bounding box overlaps .
Return a string representation of x .
Sets the libvlmux for the given instance .
Encode a base64 string as a base64 string .
Add a URI .
Convert parameters from a list of schemas to their appropriate types .
Creates a docker client .
Run n iterations .
Determine if the requested fields are in the requested fields .
Handle folder delete .
Decode a cookie .
This demo is used to parse the grammar .
Iterate over all testcases in a suite .
Get the protocol to use .
Delete documents from a given index .
Checks if no audit log line is present .
Runs a pip option on the server .
Return a map of file paths to their modification time .
Get all testcase classes from a given package .
Copy stat information from src to dst .
Create zone configuration file .
Entry point for the application .
Download a file to work_directory .
Normalize a URI .
Return a list of color names .
Convert string to lowercase
Test that the chain is valid .
Persist the value of a configuration file .
Detect and return the distribution of the installed probe .
Add a service to a module .
Pretty print an object .
Return a list of top - level listing stories .
Create a credential resolver .
Get the name of the field on the given user .
Strips variants from an address .
Convert a language string to a valid locale .
Set the number of reviews to None .
Validate a file .
Test if html is rendered in the template .
Parse an internaldate string to a python tuple .
Construct a string from environment variables .
Remove a sender .
Merge multiple C3 sequences into a single list .
Ensure an array is 2D .
Locate a list of tasks .
Remove the version from a href .
Send notification for a purchase .
Deprecated .
Setup the application .
Context manager to temporarily restore warnings and warnings .
Encode unicode_data as XML string .
Return True if s is positive .
Set the amount of idle time until the computer sleeps .
Parse the command line and return a list of repos .
Returns True if the command is running in a local run .
Get a list of users .
Return a human - readable version of the OS .
Ensure we have access to S3 .
Flattens a nested dict recursively .
Get the default profile image URLs .
Reverse the reverse of a mapping .
Matches a dictionary of keys in a dictionary .
Provide access to the local proxy stream .
Return a list of chunks corresponding to a FFTT output .
Helper function to get a file from the minion
Remove a configuration file from the minion
Returns True if group_id is in the current group .
Get a return value from a list of events .
Get all messages from the server .
Transpose x inplace .
Creates a cache key for the permission config .
Prompt user for an admin cookie .
Parse a machine string
Create a range from start to end .
Get the value of the attribute key .
Parse a LET command .
Get a role .
Records the current rate for the given time slice .
Moves tables from one manager to another .
Raise an exception if two arguments are not equal .
Return the minion version
Test that the contents of a raw file have been processed .
Duplicate a complex f .
Returns the package name of the latest version .
Convert a string to lowercase .
Cancels a card hold .
Return the virtualname of the minion
Creates a new lock
Tag an assignment tag .
Main entry point of the script .
A wrapper around pytest . pypi . findrequirement .
Set the machine s hostname .
Parse the rc file and return a dictionary with the flags
Compute the iqr of a series .
Verify a certificate
Get a value from a collection .
Prepare apt command
Convert a Torrent object to JSON .
Compute the percentile of an array .
Return True if ascending is ascending .
Run the server .
Get a validator by name .
Return libvirt credentials
Returns the current VtkVersion object .
Validate that value is positive .
Setup the host and port
Basic block reduction .
Get a zone by name .
Render a dotted version of a string .
Return a list of design documents .
Encode a base64 encoded string .
Create a PostgreSQL database .
Compute the entropy of a frame .
Processes a lineation of xmLElement by adding a lineation to the xmLE
Return a list of standby timeout values .
Remove a file or directory .
Validate that value is not blank .
Decorator to mark a function as a void pointer .
Clip reads from a read sequence .
Creates a client to cloud monitoring .
Find a health check .
Generate test files .
Return the number of messages sent by the client .
Get the version data from a URL .
Get platform token .
Parses the given repeat option and returns a tuple with the required values .
Get the value of a content item .
Build a graph from a list of filenames .
Connects to Facebook .
Run an X11x11 program .
Round a number to n digits .
Return True if the distribution is an Ubuntu distribution .
Get the critical checks for the unit .
Add a protocol protocol command to a tracklist .
Normalize a column of data .
Install the requirements for the addon .
Load application from file .
Configure cloudpipe configuration .
Create a timestamp from a date and time .
Return a list of tracks for a given ID .
A list of groups allowed to access the user .
Check if a driver is compatible with the host agent
Test whether the string is a slugified .
Get cache object .
Returns the path to the solrctl command .
Execute an executable on the system .
Configure olo logger .
Uninstall pip packages from a URL .
This function takes a name and returns a boolean if it should be ignored .
Return the image for a VM
Get all series matching the given name .
Find the ticket for a bridge .
Return True if expr is a square root .
Create a dictionary from a parsed URL .
Generate reStructuredText for a directory .
Return a list of file paths for backup info .
Return True if the DMP is negative .
Return a list of basis functions for a given ring .
Clear all caches and lexer environments
Parse a newline .
Get a preview image from a preview object .
Compute the style of an element .
Emits the given bookmark .
Get installer for given module .
Get the value of the local variable .
Gaussian blur
Return information about the given module .
Get the full full name for a list of record IDs .
Test whether the format of a script is formatted in a string .
Count the difference between two formats .
Try to load a certificate .
Return a list of all available snapshots .
Get argspec for a function .
Get all roles assigned to a user
Performs setup of the application .
Return a string that can be sent to the server .
Square root of x .
Returns a queryset of AccessAttempts to access the user .
get the absolute number from season and episode number
Find the ISO record in the xenapi server .
Export languages as JSON .
Ensure all licenses have been created .
View for rendering an account
Polynomial polynomial .
Get the image orientation .
Cancel a primitive .
Swap memory .
Update ssl configuration from opts dict
Return the short name of a network URI .
Connect to the proxy
Remove uuid from document .
Validate a list of handlers .
Find the kernel for a given path .
Create socket .
Load statsmodels from the given data .
Create a file at the given path .
Convert a pdb file into a dictionary .
Calculates the chuangulation of an individual .
Get user secrets .
Split a string into a key value pair .
Return whether the minion is virtual
Ensure directory exists .
Compute the bounds for a list of sizes .
Translate a 3x3 matrix to a 3x3 matrix
Rename a key
Start a viewer on a file .
Return test suite .
Convert an RGB string to a 256 - bit integer .
Decodes an IP address .
Add a declaration to this class .
Main entry point for getwindow analysis .
Get the disk size of a VM .
Main entry point for the OVS .
Uploads a report to the report store .
Check if the QUOPri header matches the given octet .
Evaluate the given op_to_eval .
Returns the difference between a function and a symbol .
Promote a release to a newer version .
A mock of aiohttp client .
Command line argument for creating cloudpipe .
create all folders in path
Return a connection to the Azure Storage service .
Main entry point .
Check if the comment was modified .
Request layer from config .
Add a command to the protocol .
Write data to a file .
Generate random asset metadata .
Runs the BINIM command and returns the result .
Count the followers of the current user .
Render a user s profile .
Populate the list of collectors in the given directory .
Recursively walk all the modules in a given path .
Return a label for a field .
Test whether the value of the nearest neighbour is in the nearest neighbour .
Authenticate to the minion modules
Return a filtered list of items from a list .
Returns True if the namespace is visible .
Returns a list of raised height grids for a given height .
Divide two operands .
Get a directory listing .
Set the timezone for the minion
Return a bugreport .
Go to the previous window .
Multiply a monomial .
Get svn revision from path
Run the command line .
Returns a function to track the task .
Helper function to reverse a request .
Create a filesystem on the filesystem
Return a list of all mock games in a directory .
Returns a list of valid domains .
Ensure all axes are unique .
Retrieves a Virtual Interface object from a given instance and network .
Check for resources on service clients .
Returns the absolute path to the given path .
Auto complete queryset .
Check if incomplete directory is in complete .
Find the disk on the dom node .
Encodes the given image into a list of strings .
Concatenate url arguments to a string .
Get the status of a login token .
Assign a random topic category to a resource category .
Helper function to install a salt command .
Write a fake ring to disk
Prints out the PACanan .
Test for RZ .
Initialize parameters for fflayer .
Generate project list .
Get tagname from element .
Create a filter for the given task .
Create a spyder action
Return the index of the first occurrence of a in a list .
Parse signed request .
Recursively merge two dicts .
Passes the given function to the results .
Return the absolute path to the given path .
Convert a graph into an edge list .
Check the amount of quota for a given image .
Update an existing index document .
Handles the completion of the previous history item .
Lookup a list of locations in ajax user .
Get the tris for the given grade .
Test whether the loglocator has parameters set .
Split a substring into a subkey .
Encode a SHA - safe SHA - safe SHA - safe string .
Internal helper for processing buffers .
Return a generator of tokens that are not stopped .
Create a wsgi resource
Returns a set of all the ordewordinates of a page .
Checks if the given document has any controller permissions .
Add a list of parameters to the query string .
Corrupt the given bytes from the given string .
Convert a string to a smart_path .
Returns a copy of the classifier network that has less than num_categories .
Return a list of paths that match the given item_type .
Split a string into a string without trailing whitespace .
Find the path to a migration repository
Test if a video embed is embedded in a file .
Determine if all processes have been dumped .
Draw a rounded rectangle .
Get the hold for a given line .
Find the central directory of the central directory .
Creates a new image from an image .
Get field information .
Return the best fitness and quality of a parsed media type .
Get overrides for a given ccx .
Verify the checksum of a buffer
Generate discrete sequences .
define a SMTP rule
Returns a human - readable version of the given number of seconds .
Handle a pointer to a pointer .
Filter lines that are not skipped .
Create a new wrapper for function .
Return a unique id for a given user .
Print API version information .
Modify tags of a node .
Whether or not the virtual server is virtual .
Create a query node
Sphinx extension handler .
Show a rule info .
Get the goal controller for the target .
Convert a multidict to a dict .
Bind the context to a role .
Minimalized version of trust_region
Return the preferred CX oracle requirement .
Returns a list of client ids matching the given criteria .
Return the value of the item at the given position .
Permute all elements in a list .
Test CUDA .
Load saved svm model parameters .
Simplify a clip path with a clip .
Kill the old process .
L1 .
URLencodes a list of dicts .
Write an external book relation .
Returns the divmod of x .
Mask events in events .
Print the number of bands .
Returns a tuple with the name of the virtual machine .
Write data to a file
Retrieve a summary statistics page .
Add a collarset to the equation .
Normalizes a given slug .
Execute all instructions in plan .
Route a node to a page .
Validate a string list .
Returns the URL for the given block .
Register current language tag .
Create a feature list .
Truncate a null - terminated message .
Send a client logurl request to the server .
Get booleange from XML parser .
Return a list of human readable labels .
Split a rational expression into a list of expressions .
Finds the maximum number of directories in a directory tree .
Calculate Hessian Hessian .
Remove tags from a string .
Check if a device is valid .
Move file from src to destfile
Generate start and end row keys .
Get a tag by instance uuid .
Get backend configuration .
Find the name of a notifier in an object .
Get a list of snippets by filename .
Create a new course .
Apply the modifications of the loop .
Get the version number of a file .
Compute hash for OpenSubtitles .
Look up the CNAME for a domain .
Setup the uspssensorBoard .
Manage spm modules
Get the organisation address of a row
Check exclusive options .
Add a node to the cluster
Return information about a certificate
Creates a new signing keyset .
Return True if the virtual machine is a valid directory .
Record an exchange result .
Test for root mean absolute error .
Create a test fixture for testline .
Add serializer errors to data .
Build a mapping from initiator to target .
Changes the name of the command table .
Lru cache decorator .
Calculate the magnitude of a lut .
Download a file from origin to destination .
Add a user .
Create slices from start to stop .
Remove prefix from a string .
Create a temporary file - like object with the given filename .
Load multiple databases into a database .
Register latest pp pages .
Creates a cross - product of the given sequences .
Unpack a caveat into a caveat .
Fork a child process .
Symmetric sym decorator .
Detach a block device from the storage
Read CCDC file .
Generate a base64 encoded secret
Get a new repository that is ready to use .
Create a string buffer .
Verify the size of the signal data .
Show a module .
Format an exception .
build test conditions
Return the information about the given connection srid
Sanitize a redirect_to string .
Compute a set of time - window - windows .
Average precision .
Clear the cache from the cache .
Create a new group type .
Return the roots of a linear function .
Create a diff between two objects .
Get current speedlimit .
Set date_str .
Check if an object is hashable .
Return a list of all priority extensions .
Shows options .
Convert an API resource to a Variable .
Parse arguments and return a string
Build a text source of a Wedge text .
Parse arust root path .
Print the available commands .
Create a package in the given project folder .
Require a job to run
Get the style of a node .
Return a query for the given thing_id and name .
Get the alias of a class .
Squared difference between x1 and x2 .
Parse a SQLAlchemy table schema .
Return a string representation of acl .
Get a list of popular URLs .
Commit changes to the database .
Iterate over windows services .
Return a user s following relationship .
Get status from VM state .
Delete a project .
Returns a temporary directory for testing .
Returns a list of disabled modules .
Asserts that the rendered HTML is injected in the HTML .
Set the gid of the gid .
Destroy an instance .
Creates a custom API version that can be used to build an API version .
Get a list of path names .
Return the path to a makefile .
Return a technical 500 response .
Generate a sequence generator .
Collapse SWA message .
Delete the testdb in testdb
Flatten a dictionary into a flat dictionary .
Convert a list of objects to a list .
Get package data .
Creates a SWF library that will be used to create a SWL target .
convert string to string
Returns a list of loops in order of the loops in the looparea .
Unescape the doctest in a string .
Filter public email .
Generate a UUID from a namespace and name .
Switch a request .
Replace options in rep_doc with opts
Default Tax handler for current order .
Calculate the padding index and length of the table .
Read a git head .
Convert a token and tag to a tuple of tokens .
Returns a list of strings removed from a string .
Update the status of the communication status of the parent .
Group tokens in tlist .
Returns the minimum and imaginary part of two complex complex complex complex complex
Return a new dictionary with all keys that start with prefix from prefix .
Sample function .
moves the songlist to the songlist
Stop a running service .
Validate that an update is ok .
Copy or rename a transcript .
Check if given name is valid
Set the http wrapper for the library
Return data to the memcache server
Check if arguments are valid .
Extract verbosity information .
Creates a new empty repository
Get the name of the release tag .
Write out a JSON file to a file .
Ensure the minion is present
Send a signal to the minion
Remove indentation from string .
Get session and key .
Returns the RDB manager class for the given engine .
Show the details of an instance
Generate a dictionary of date_time .
Profile profiling .
Create a temporary file name .
Decorator to track the identity of the identity .
Filter out all gens that are not free
Internal helper to find a host from a compute aggregate .
Compare two optimizers .
Service all incoming messages .
Create a subclass of a model class .
Unpack an argument from a CLI command .
Split digest auth data .
Test to see if the sbel_h is vertically horizontally .
Update the instance with instance_uuid .
validate the config
Return True if the user can access the current user .
Manually create a virtual environment variable .
Run jsonreport on the server .
This view is used to render the order of the user .
Check the contents of a file .
Cleans a multiline string .
validate the argmax argmax if skipna is not None
Convert bytes t into a namespace string .
Test the bootstrap length .
Copies the metadata to a volume .
Return a list of mounted mounts
Return BTRFS information for given device .
Test whether the order of dependencies are equal .
Returns a tuple with the platform and version information .
Processes a single XML element .
Return a dict with the values that match the values in the dict .
Check if path is less than size .
Get details for an etag .
Put the signing keyset into the scheduler .
returns the close_currounding_hrounding_lorounding_loround
Creates a new column that will be deferred .
Write an IPA read for a paired read file .
Takes a soup and returns a dictionary of HTML tags .
Open a database file and return its contents .
Compile a regular expression .
Get the version of a b58address .
Convert a dict to tuples .
create user account
Test that the managed file mode is kept .
Return the configured provider
Get all ancestors of a pe_id
Test the cookie jar initialization .
Decrypt data with AES key .
Load the contents of a tarball into a temporary directory .
Generate a redirect URL .
Get all comments .
Split a list into n - sized chunks .
Block the entry list .
Processes a bitmap file .
Given a filename return a tuple of name and size tuple .
Constructs a congestion control packet .
Returns a valid interface for a given host .
Calculate the GC content of a sequence .
Creates a security group rule .
Returns a dictionary mapping of providers to provider URIs .
Safely join a list of paths .
Compute the q - th q for the given codon .
Compute the fitness and quality of a media media type .
Provide access to demographic controllers .
Add two dictionaries together .
Ensure subdomain is present in the kwargs list .
Return a boolean to indicate if the search option is in a list .
Remove all elements from a tuple .
Temporarily use a context manager .
Plots a scatter plot on three dimensions .
Test for value error .
Draw a matplotlib rectangle .
Send text to given backend .
An alarm function .
Test function for test .
Get a photometric by name
Associate a fixed IP from a network .
Add tomenu commands to menu
Check if the given checker CRC is correct .
Create a paginated API response .
Setup coordinator .
Return the grains for the netbsd system
Set the default select mode for use .
Test if import exception is raised .
Return the path to the data_dir for the component .
Disassociate given stagekeys .
Transform an Explike deformation using an Explike deformation .
Open a local file - like object .
Compare a string version and version .
Returns True if interactive is in interactive mode .
Attach custom attributes to a queryset .
Get the script name from the WSGI environment .
Searches for a given text using the DEFT protocol .
Command line options .
Normalize a string using a safe percent encoding .
Return recommendations for given user .
Re - save method .
Return a dictionary of players and their stats .
Get client options .
Return the span span of the element node .
Get x - axis label for epoch_axis .
Run the HTTP server .
Returns the default timezone .
Return a relative URI relative to a base URI .
Add a string element to the dictionary .
Show a list of commands .
Returns a VM reference from the specified VM name .
Load gradients of a gradient model
Send a confirmation email .
Perform a query and return the results
Return a list of handlers that are available for the given settings .
Map the xfs_option dict to a mkfs_option dict .
Make sure the field is unique
Expand variables in a string .
Ensures that a given attribute exists in a context .
Perform pre prediction on stream .
Return the description of a file .
Check if a short number is possible for a given region .
Temporarily disable excepthook .
detect the operating system
Return the normalized difference between two images .
Route n times .
Return a branch of results .
Obtain the device type from the model .
Get positional arguments from a function .
Test whether the Tpotent operator export function is exported .
Returns True if the graph contains a softmax .
Add patches to pv .
Proces the given element node to the root node of the element .
Convert a size string to a bytes object .
Determines if a module should be skipped .
Send an email message .
Test if two strings are equal .
Split audio data into two bytes .
Install a gtk reactor .
Convert text to bytes .
Turn a parsed string into a meta tag .
Return a copy of the slice .
source tmux files
Create the base64 encoded artifact .
Login a user .
Ensure an object is absent
Route a scan .
Return a list of loops that are in the loop .
Fetch an inventory from a uri .
Get the most popular groups .
Return network IO counters .
Convert a string to a unicode string .
Encode a path as a unicode string .
Get the version number
Return the version of the minion
Create a subprocess .
Load a certificate from a path .
Return True if derivative is out of derived files .
Return a list of users .
Evaluate the given Hilbert space .
Show an existing snapshot
Displays whether the freeze is disabled .
Create a polynomial .
Create a new farray from a pointer .
Return a floating point value with the given multipses .
Turn tags into a dictionary .
Register current language tag .
Get epochs .
Download a base64 - encoded HTML5 file from a URL .
Get the element at the given rank .
Extract snmp data from an array .
Validates that value is a string type .
Return an iterator that yields an iterator that yields an iterator that yields an iterator for each line .
Generate a proto source for the given source code .
Verifies that the command output matches the expected text .
Update a group type .
Create a GCEAddress object with the given name and region .
Return the unfinished word .
Return keyword arguments for list delete .
Return a list of languages andaka languages .
Run the setup command .
Assert that the current directory is in the given directory .
Check if a URL has an explicit scheme .
A decorator that asserts that a step fails to run .
Setup logging configuration .
Quote a URL .
Redirect to S3 .
return a path to a dot proxy
Converts a volume id to an EC2 volume id .
XOR operation .
Find a file on the minion
Return a list of lookups .
Compare actual media types .
Pretty print a sentence .
Return a list of running runners
Disassociate a profile from an instance .
Decorator for litecoin command .
List all profiles in a directory .
Deletes a property from a namespace .
Add an application to the node state .
Determine whether the virtual machine is virtual
Return True if agent is a buggy agent .
Expand environment variables .
Recursively recreate all instances in the given migration
Returns a list of all available bear names .
Calculate the length of a string .
Encode a base58 encoding .
Handle a resize error
Validate a password .
Generate XML for JUnit testcase .
Convert all arguments into a dictionary .
Return an identity for an object .
Checks if an article can be assigned to an article .
Cache call signatures for a given bracket .
Lists all tables in a dataset .
Show a specific key .
Setup the platform .
Get the module path to a module .
Returns a tuple with the maximum line length .
Fetch a URL .
Replace variables in a string .
Test if matplotlib has no stdlib collections .
Compute the kurtosis of an array .
Get a course by id
Start the server .
Return a boolean indicating whether the system is virtual
Initialize the master working set .
Injects the given net object into the given fs .
Copies the config file
Private function used to create a TP10 .
Validate the service schema .
Verifies that the specified file is in the current directory .
Convert a function to meijgergg .
Check if a path is in a loop .
Check if method is valid .
Writes bytes to os . urandom .
Execute a query .
Install plugin from source .
Returns the f part of x .
Get the size of a url
Set hardware hardware configuration .
Clone a repo .
Check for redundant virtual variables .
Run a test .
Explore subfolders .
Create a multiprocessing pool .
return a list of the current user s incrontab
Private method for _initializer_list .
Load an example module .
Returns True if the element is an xquartz type .
Convert a list - like object to timedelta64 .
Convert a boolean value into a bitarray .
Summarize an alignment .
Pad labels to logits .
Calculate negative term - negative coefficients .
Parse a path expression into a path .
Callback called when a port is received .
Return the SSL adapter class .
Configure mapper on first initialization .
Adds an integer to the value .
Expand character macros .
Fail if two strings are equal .
Get a city code from the request .
Parse a ciscoctl file and print all crypto maps .
Convert a URL to a MIDI ID .
Returns custom coursex for a given course .
Return the sortkey for a given sq operator .
Update the package database database
Ensure the Xen API is correct .
Convert a string to bytes .
Unset a role .
Generate a page with the given revision .
Build an image using matplotlib .
Format a Cinder exception .
Get logged in client
Split the title and return the year .
Calculate sine - s - inversion function .
Format a number .
Register a template tag with the given template .
Binary substitution function .
Build HTML page .
Helper function to fix connectivity errors .
Profile a function using a function f .
Return HTML of CSS .
Register a contributor .
Compute a DMP for a function .
Return options for collection creation .
Start the webserver .
Get the request body from a request object .
get expression name
Returns the proper value for the given table name .
Add a command to the protocol .
Get all IAM roles .
Returns the preferred environment encoding .
Send a JSON response to the server .
Return module data
Test if the AST cannot be parsed .
Return a list of values .
Ensure that the named bridge is absent
Test that the locale is not in django
Parse usage information .
Get all available sharing strategies .
Register available languages .
Run a shell hook .
Save a string to an event
Unpack a zipfile .
Execute a function in parallel .
Stop the named service
Create a user .
Normalize a formset dict to a list of forms .
Return a string representation of the difference between two datetimes .
Make a user s username .
Compute the HMAC - SHA256 signature of a message .
Execute osquery command
Resize a bitmap .
Get python code from paths .
Return a connection to the Saltnova instance
Create a logging API .
Attach a task statuses to the queryset .
Return a list of all the points in the harrisimim .
AES ciphertext decryption .
Run tests on PyPI .
Updates a bill
Get window position .
Update an image member .
Remove a zone slave from a zone .
Handle p_init_declar_list_2 .
Test that all dicts are not identical .
Return the monitoring of a virtual machine
Run a command in a given directory .
Iterate over all platform files .
Perform a clustering on a matrix .
Create a base directory .
Random random generator .
Select channels in inverse operator .
Deletes the group and its subgroups .
Remove string type from string
Return a random string of strings .
Write a Python code object to a file - like object .
Returns True if the number can be dialled by international .
Duplicate the lm of a binary quadratic system .
Deletes a namespace from the database .
Return a boolean indicating whether an image is a boolean .
Start a proxy .
Get points from a path .
Assert that string is not found in the given record .
Unquote a string .
Choose an n - dimensional n - length n .
Try to read the contents of a file .
Entry point for the command line .
Get the dropbox folder location .
Test that the default task loading is loaded .
Convert a value into a template .
Chebyshev v .
Return the status of a service
Convert POSIX format to LDML format .
Test if an eip150 gas code is valid .
Pick a node from a list of nodes .
Get datetime format from locale .
Extracts valid arguments from a function .
Decorator to show if the cache is cached .
Serialize an event to a dictionary .
Store a list of rendered templates .
Create a test environ .
Write a hexbin file to a file .
Invert a ring from a ring .
Test contravariance .
Calculate the plus DM with a count
Get all files in the given directory .
Parse the response from an asynchronous operation .
Wrap a sslwrap around a socket .
Handle the help of a URL .
Whitelist all roles in the database .
Get a list of indices corresponding to effect_idx .
Get information about the platform .
Create a list of resource paths for a resource .
Generator yielding example filenames .
Flattens a list into a single list .
Count the number of cells in inline forms .
Get the parent theme name .
Ensure that the value of the image is valid .
Returns a runner for the java executor .
Find the thumbnail path .
ONI normals test .
Return True if the system supports colors .
Setup the system monitor .
Get repository metadata by its revision .
Create a new thread
Parse a string and return a string .
Create a test suite .
Log request headers .
Compute the norm of a matrix .
Install a python python module
Move source to destination .
Run pa11ycrawler .
Create a pool .
Unquote a string .
Print parse error and exit .
Return a tuple containing a labeled form .
Convert string to unicode .
Manage all importedfiles in the given version .
Apply functions to a list of tokens .
Create a networkx graph from the given action_context .
Unfollow a thread .
Multiply a number by two digits .
Creates a copy of the contours in the given font .
Returns a list of security groupname ids
Return a list of configuration options .
Create a truncated tetrahed graph .
Return a list of nodes select the selected nodes
Calculate two - dimensional counts .
Link to a GitHub pull .
Run all migrations on the database .
Unmount a target .
Generate rejection line
Test a keras model .
Convert geometry output to xml
Publish an exploration activity .
Set up the specified host .
Get email date .
Convert a password to a dictionary .
Set console mode .
Make the MAC MAC MAC mac .
Detect if string is in code .
Return a list of all non - allowed entries in a subset .
Test for find_module .
Decorator to close the first call to the wrapped function .
Prompt user for input
Return a random number between start and stop .
Convert an xl cell string to row and row col .
Strip off the capfile if it exists .
Returns a dictionary with the status of the engine .
Register a command .
Creates index if not already exists .
Seed non - shared migration for non - shared migration .
Parse an expression
Return time until d is reached .
Get an SQLAlchemy session maker .
Returns True if the given root is not in the given list .
Get all public certificates .
Download a corpus from a resource path .
Get the media file path for a media file .
Convert cswrecord to dictionary .
Set the namespace of the request .
Construct the name of a volume .
Run a command on the given command .
Remove connection pool from urllib3 .
Set the value of obey_over 18 .
Return a figure manager for a figure .
Recursively iterate over a nested list .
Create a directory .
Given a valid config update an ACL for a bucket .
Returns the number of buttons .
Returns the footprint of the given object .
Calls a websocket command .
Replace arg with a list of arguments
Trigger a build .
Generate a nonce key .
Build command line arguments for install .
Check permissions for a project .
Convert a frequency group to a timestamp .
Generate a random colour .
Use pytest . mark .
Returns a list of the top rated explanation summaries .
Create a socksocket connection
Build a logger .
Get the host of a replication group .
Apply a function to a function .
Build the URL for the given URL .
Rastrigin scaled by rastrigin .
Generate a URL for a given function .
Convert a freqstr to a freq code .
Search for media .
Convert an object to a SQL string representation .
Matrix multiplication op .
Get a pickleable exception from an exception .
Skip string .
Compute dot product between two vectors .
Yields localized strings .
Get a poster for a video .
Get the last global dict and return it .
Assert that two URLs are equal .
Return True if package requirements are installed
Get backend by filename .
Convert string to unicode .
Get sources for a zone
Compare two revisions .
Determine whether two points are disjoint .
Create a generate function for the given kind .
Helper method for _patched_list_steps .
View the certificate exception view .
Setup the device with the given configuration .
Initialize socket .
Convert a polynomial index to a LOP array .
Get resource limits .
Read a sound table from a file .
Check if value is a numpy array .
Set up the device for this platform .
Calculate the sma
Parse a binary expression .
Get the auto - login status of the minion
Monkeypatch TarFileobj to copy the tarfile object .
Runs test on the input file .
Set up the local SSL context for the given host .
Add a new product route .
Raise a RuntimeError if version is not enough .
Print URLs .
main function for main projection
A cache decorator that caches the timezone s timezone .
Return a string representing the datetime in timezone .
Whether the given token is a boolean value .
Returns a grid line that can be added to the yintersection path
Set system info .
Retrieve the references for a field .
Get a logging handler .
Get all SQL tables and custom indexes .
Load a sprite image .
Get shelter type
Return the padding type of the kernel .
Return a list of config paths .
Test to see if the mp4 init is not None .
Return the complement of a string .
Convert expiration to seconds .
Assert that the environment is in AWS .
Disconnect from Facebook .
Execute a procedure .
Unpack a directory into a directory .
Generate a verification key .
Set the OS information on the system .
Keep the given message .
Compute the largest element of a list .
Convert x to string .
Initialize the metrics .
Convert a rotation to a float .
Wait for a package to complete .
Sample a function from a function f .
Compare two strings .
Test pylint .
Revoke admin privileges .
Get a PEM object from a PEM file .
Add prefix to each line of string .
Create a network
Return the part and a fraction part of the given exp part .
Get the version of a package .
Evaluates a cond expression .
Return True if readline is available .
Get the mock home directory .
dayofweek == 0 means Sunday
Resolve the version from the HTTP response .
Open a log file .
get the time of the current month
Register a hook handler .
Detect the screen size .
Write an HTML table to a file .
Find the maximum number of commits in the contributions calendar .
Resolve a function from a string .
Test that the labeller is valid .
Set the virt path
Wrapper for fetching functions
Add an access token to twitter .
Get the current Babel locale .
Get a marker parameter from a dict .
Convert a shapely polygon to a geometry .
Takes the tac command .
Compute the log - mean of the exp .
Write the version of the script to the given version .
Calculate the minimum distance between coord and surface .
Return a string representation of distances .
Decorator to register a dot - notation function .
Given a list of ad group_operations return a list of AdGroupOperations .
Returns True if the profile should be updated False otherwise .
Initialize a patch viewer .
Runs the bincope command and returns the result .
Run ninja_ideja .
Returns a field for the given field_id .
Parse a string into a date .
Return a list of playlists .
Returns a list of policy names for a role .
Serialize the inventory to the response .
Run a test case .
Convert a title to a URL .
Handle email notification .
Make a floppy flip floppy .
Resolve a path .
reply to the doc
Write the output of the network .
Build 1 - D filter 1 - D vector from motion parameters .
Helper function to create a boolean filter based on verbosity .
Count words in documents .
Add breadcrumbs to the current page .
Return the UID of the system .
Get affected packages and tests .
Test password strength .
Write network to writer .
Create serializers for transport .
Authenticate to the API .
Get the path to the translation project .
Write a single FASTA line to a FASTA file
Helper function for random choice .
Concatenate strings into a string .
Compute the mean square .
Redirect to the given URL .
Context manager that exposes a MOCkevent notification .
Print AnswerResult .
Return a connection to Cloudwatch .
Find a SR object from a vbd .
Encode a crawl response .
Get synonyms from fontext .
Compute the LWta for a dataset .
Returns True if isoinfo has ISO information .
Load user config from user config file .
Return True if value is a scalar value .
The base location of the data directory .
Returns a tuple with the name of the virtual machine .
Raise Abort on the given exception .
Protects a list of strings .
Recursively create a directory .
Echo all the methods of a class .
Return a connection to the database
Compute the exponentiation of an unsigned integer .
Write data to stdout .
Return the zonecode code
Show a network
Wrap a clause in parentheses .
Create a pytest - style wrapper around a source code .
Convert a mac address into a valid MAC address .
List versions of a bucket .
Update all UUIDs in a t_image .
Check if a command is executable .
Given a function name describe its properties .
Parse a string into a Python tree .
Return a relative path to a config file .
Compute the sum of the aggr mean for each element in a list .
Return a list of the member names of a given lbn .
Retrieve table description .
Construct a sort query from a list of strings .
Return a string representation of a request .
Remove a file .
Add the arguments for threads to the parser .
Check if a node exists .
Returns a list of all solvers installed on this system .
Return the sections of the student admin page .
Downscale a tensorflow .
Handle Ctrl + C .
Determine the resource object from a resource string .
Return a list of paths to sys . path .
Returns a pickled exception .
Try to get the version from the given file .
Get the number ofbezier points to bezier points .
Test that no data has no values .
Returns the local URL for the given port .
Return a list of all available VMs
Return a list of tabs for a rheader r header .
Ping external URLs .
Called when a module is imported .
Return pillars modules
Remap the prefix of a VBD device .
Add Bootstrap Bootstrap class .
Substitute placeholder values in text .
Delete a load balancer .
Create and drop all tables in a test fixture .
Returns True if the logical line is not a string .
Add an addon author to a copy .
Print exception .
Marks a counter with the given name .
Concatenate a message and return an iterable .
Start TOMcat as a boilerplate .
Instantiate an error callback .
Assign the distance between individuals .
Return a string representation of a class instance .
Return True if url is from given spider .
Parse arguments from a template tag .
A decorator that converts wrapped functions into a callable .
Set the namespace of the current environment .
Return a slice from a string .
Execute a proxy command
Aggregate two dictionaries .
Return a navigation line
Get a word from a word .
Extract details from a MUA message .
Iterate over style files .
Send an ARP packet .
Compare the positions of the positions in the eventcollection
Add extra fields to the payload
Validate a locale .
Duplicate a 2 - dimensional division .
Rename a directory .
Escape a string .
Return the virtual name of the minion .
Returns true if the given title contains a feat .
Measure memory usage of the process .
Load a certificate request from a buffer .
Show information about the specified instance
Extracts information from the response data .
Raises an exception if the value is not sum one .
Print a summary of the runner results .
Convert a list of components into a URL .
Test authentication .
Count the number of non - printable characters in a string .
Run a shell command .
Handle websocket connection .
Turn a request into a context .
Get all values of a cluster .
Build post processors .
Parse the response body and return a JSON body .
Calculate the odds of a given number .
Delete named query .
Convert a post to a verb
Dispatch the given environment .
Get branch options
Return a string representation of text .
Get a shortcut from the given context .
Convert a list of parameters into a script .
Convert a post to a verb
Return whether the system is virtual
Sign a string with the given pkey .
Parse options string .
Build request string .
Plot two scales .
Test whether the AST can be converted to string .
Get the network size in bytes .
test for find_number
Return a list of all the datacenters for this VMware environment
Return a new profile repository
Iterate over all subclasses of a given class .
Reset the videode .
Create a file parameter .
Calculate the length of a word .
Return a list of non - deleted entries in a subset .
Get the size of the machine .
Helper function to set configuration .
Called when the site is disabled .
Mark a function as unsafe .
Display a debug node .
Setup a homematic device .
Return a copy of a dict with only the keys that are not in str .
Pre - init hook for image field .
Check if input is a float .
Resolves a URL to a URL .
Generate password from username and password .
Pad a sequence to a given length .
Test the value of the reject interval
Resolve a workflow from a deployment directory .
Collect attributes from multiple containers .
Fix osmesa . gmesa . gmesa . gz . gz
Run the command line .
Check the dependencies of the given model queue .
Ensure that an email is valid .
Copy metadata to a volume .
Parse union page .
Create a paste from a string .
Start the console .
Returns a list of all courses in a course .
Return the connection details
Acquire a lockfile .
Specializer for local_elem_optimizer .
Calculate the bootstrap probability of a value .
Remove a file .
Build a date string
Test whether a custom service provider is registered .
Return a pkgdb database
Encode input to zlib .
Assert that the serialization of a commit is serialized .
Execute a function and return its data
Return True if the datetime is ambiguous .
Formats the mappings in the result dictionary .
Perform some sanity checks .
Enable a VPN .
Remove indentation from a function .
Return True if this is for myself .
Search disk by lun_id .
Extract an IPv4 address from the roster order .
Return the mean longitude of the magnitude of the pigee
Resize the specified volume
Get the name of a link .
Galois multiply a and b .
Returns a null source catalog for the given request .
Set CORS headers for the response .
Ensure output directory exists .
Evaluate a test config and compare it with the config .
Validate user password .
Check whether the key repository is symptom of a key repository .
Download a file .
Return the number of tokens in args .
Solve a trigonoi problem .
Test locale code .
Print interface list .
Access log content .
Get an email from GitHub .
A task to enable updates on a distribution .
Return True if the given file exists in the current directory .
Helper function to check rvm
Split a multiplication function .
Untag the given version
Format a number as a string .
Return a copy of the configuration dict .
Applies a permutation to an array .
Test that a column is not a string .
Get a list of rds .
Draw a bounding box of an artist .
Get a piece of text from a text file .
Reset the cache
Return True if source is newer than source .
Check if the root user is a rootuser
Remove a known host from the system
Check if a string is a valid IPv4 address .
Returns the column name of a given column
Check header validity .
Shows information about the page .
Takes a string representation of a color and returns it as a tuple .
Memoizes a file - like object for each node .
Return a list of payload names that can be runnable .
Get items by marker .
Return True if the argument is a smpl file .
Encode a single line of raw bytes .
Get rrd rrd file
Uploads the project to the local directory .
True if point is after point
get a window analysis file from a window analysis file
Get a new derivivation .
Return a list of not joined members .
Add builddir to sys . path
Gets a list of SM volume information .
returns a service server
Sets up the bot .
Get a pack by reference .
Return a list of files in a directory .
Unescape a string .
Get statistics from the procfs
Returns True if the current request is associated with the current request .
Check for missing dependencies
Handle pagination requests .
Run a command on a device .
Convert a result result to a country code .
Send password reset notice email .
complete a filename
Return True if family family is valid False otherwise .
Pick a random text from text .
Set module to module conf
Return a list of all stem files .
Validate an email
Determine whether a directory exists in a given path .
Return a cassa column
Check if a list is a list of ints .
Check if two record is a pair of strings .
Get a check class from a check_path .
Get a class alias .
Check if the user is in interactive mode .
Destroys all the databases and destroy them
Get the current terminal size .
Creates a new PKCS5 signature .
Generate a fixed - length integer .
Task to send the progress of the render document .
Wrapper around pager .
Get current language bidirectional code .
Get crop geometry .
Return the full path to the fmdump
Get the proto to use .
Generate a unique key for a tile .
Generate a random value between low and high .
Read secret from file .
Creates a new Message instance from a given model .
Get lumination change value .
Pretty print the object .
Builds a query for the given privileges list .
Rename a file .
Get a logger .
Disconnect all receivers from any signal .
validate a float
return a search description
Save an image to a file .
Start the scheduler .
Extract messages from a file .
Returns True if headers has a given header .
Deletes a checker for a resource .
Gets all volumes attached to a project .
Convert row and column coordinates to a cell name .
Load fixtures from a database .
Parse the encoding of a file .
Add a new level to the logger .
Compute paths from list modification rules .
Decode a filesystem path .
Attach private projects to the given queryset .
View the result of the search .
Prepare a realm pattern .
Test the size of the resize function .
A tween function that accelerates the tween .
Add a value to an array .
Run check on paths .
Return True if name is a legal base name .
Handle add task form .
Given a list of matrices and a list of matrices return a list of filter tables that match
Transform an XML element to a saxify element .
Get a machine by name
URL quote with safe characters .
Get a list of all available drivers .
Choose the largest node s largest first .
Return the working function .
Create a filter from a list of filters .
Print information about the module .
Run the influxdb server
Convert integer property to integer field .
Finalize a process and wait for it to finish .
Return a string representation of an integer .
Processes the given xmlelement and stores the local attributes of the element .
Show the state of a dag .
Returns the Ethernet address of an interface
Execute a pshell command and return the result .
after building static files
Get a lock .
Load a Django template file into a string .
Unlock a file .
Return the contact type for a given user .
Remove the specified device .
Restart all the webd servers
Get a zookeeper object .
Convert a location to a published version .
Register a specialize option .
Apply a template filter to a URL .
Test if the raw data are in the global units for global units .
Compare morphological maps and morphology .
Read a double value from a file .
Raise a safe exception if the home directory is not empty .
Delete an image attachment
Write out a JSON file to a file .
Initializes the tracker module .
Test if a quadratic chart is valid .
Multiply the input and output filters .
Create a user .
Evaluate the ELU .
Remove all strings from a payload .
Plot multiple images together .
Return the genrepoo .
Make sure the required fields are required
Reorder a list of TopoEntries to a topology .
Find eggs in a zip archive .
Test the IHTT model .
Create a shared variable with the given value .
Return True if string contains string value .
View entries .
Register the comments for a file attachment .
Implement real sign .
Return a string representation of the given value .
Get the number of branches in the cluster .
Create a soap11 application for the soap11 server .
Cryptipher data using given key .
Try to guess the class of the payload .
Start n_threads .
Registers a verb .
Suspend power to disk .
Get credentials file .
Convert a string representation of an IP address into text .
Deploy the given file to the jboss .
Test the global configuration .
Convert hexadecimal to hex
load css templates
Return a set of comment fields that are not up - to - date fields .
Migrate resource table to table .
Get the revision number .
Return a list of directories in the environment
autoflush all logs
get deployment id
Update the last sync of the unit
Split an array into multiple parts .
Reverses a byte string in lexicographical order .
Delete the given file .
Parse HTML and return a plaintext .
Load data from recarray .
Get the home directory .
Run a WSGI application .
Handle the display action .
Generate row - wise row - significance matrix for each sample .
Backup the list of filenters .
Return a version of the given name .
Run git command
Parse a string into a struct .
View for the item field .
Get matrix from xmLElement .
Apply monkey patches .
Sets up the notifications .
Run a check .
Clear all installed samples .
Raise a comma - delimited comma .
Get a piece of Shakespeare text from a text file .
Get the type of a variable .
Check if a lock exists .
Fetch a stream from a URL .
Default error page .
Return a list of all the xblocks that have access to the given user .
Run a low - level test .
Compute a sequence CV value .
Create an option group from a dictionary .
Attach permissions for the current page .
Return the minimum value of a cache file
Expand dimensions along axis .
Delete a calendar .
Whitelist product information .
Format a warning message .
A context manager that creates a context manager and yields a context manager .
Return the pickle module .
Create a docstring from a list of words .
Static helper for popular functions .
Multiply linear solution using linear interpolation .
Returns a list of serial ports .
Run after build .
Create a socket client .
Destroys a reserved reservation .
Insert a stylesheet into the profile
Read parameters from a file .
Unquote a quoted string .
Iterate over the matched pattern .
Get the modification time of a file .
Read from fp and return a string .
Convert a list into a list .
Compute the gradient of a function .
Current demographic data .
Upload the distribution to the server .
Default error handler .
Returns True if the given name is enabled False otherwise .
Read a string from a file - like object .
Remove all the volumes in the specified path .
Check that the value of an OPF JSON file is valid .
Require a requirement .
Add a task to a queue .
Load trustroot from a directory path .
Get a single layer by name .
Decode None .
Get a solution controller for a solution .
Deserialize a stream into a Python object .
Propses the given element node and returns the parsed result .
Determine the device class
A function that wraps theano function .
Run behave .
Temporarily update the search fields .
Simplify a parser return an empty node .
Load a JSON configuration file
Return a scanner instance based on configuration .
Create a file if it doesn t exist .
Return a dictionary with all known indexes .
Create a font from a source font .
Write an adminfile .
Formats the final exception line for an exception .
Initialize an Enforcer .
Stochastic model .
Get the LSB release attribute .
Get a list of recent exp summary dictionaries .
Get a new flow repository .
Create a new index from a protobuf .
Return a list of time slots for the given period .
Load a tf . model .
Return the value of a crontab environment variable .
Get media list player .
Sets the version of the given template tag .
Returns True if the given name is missing .
Get the complex tricomplex matrix .
Return the column width of a string .
Return True if file is a tool XML file .
Recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively imports all
Test the time of the time chart .
Find extraneous whitespace .
Delete a sample from the memcache .
Delete all pages from the podofo pdf document .
resize the image
Create a path from a hatchpattern .
Return a list of blockers for a user .
Update the symlink s symlinks .
Test if data contains contains events .
Return a list of all of the available oficial plugins .
Return the next URL from the request .
Get metadata for a blob .
Returns the ids of the change advanced settings for the user .
Returns a boolean indicating if there are no non - minimal conditions .
Split a string into a list of strings .
Vote by user .
Convert a numerical value to a text representation .
Takes an environment variable and runs it .
Compute log difference between two vectors .
Ensure that the given context is a valid admin context .
Test if gi2_build is not importable .
Create a REST API .
Logs out the current session .
Return a list of regions underlined .
Takes a string and converts it to lower case .
Recursively copies all files in source to dest .
Return a tuple containing the virtualname of the minion
Report spam .
Install an editable package from bazaar .
Remove a manifestationation from the manifest .
Recursively walk through all js scopes in a given scope .
Parse enviroment .
Patch the headers of the response .
Decorator to register a neighbor filter .
Return the LEM of two numbers .
Attempt to convert a scalar value into a dtype .
Checks if a point is in the loop table .
Get a minion s pillar
Return a list of incoming requests .
Set the version db for the given models .
add server to server
Escape a string .
Lock the document with the given username .
Return a POST request to the database .
Test if current directory is in given directory .
Convert two tensors into a tf . SequenceExample .
Return a function that evaluates to a catch exception .
Restrict forward direction to STC .
Upload a file to a folder
Calculate the normalization of an edge vector .
Gaussian spline .
Generate triples from a CSR .
Recursively find the method names in a given directory .
Check if a function is decorated with a property .
Return True if x is null .
Generator for distros matching a URL .
Create a voucher
Returns a cluster object for the specified cluster
Find a guest by name .
Set URL location .
Fetch all instances of the given context .
Remove all sessions from the session .
Rename src_path to dest_path
Get the rotation matrix from the transform words .
Convert text into an integer .
Disconnect signals from Entry .
Wait for spot request to complete .
Return the hash of a file
Prints the usage of the CLI .
Download a file from the flask app .
Returns a scanner for the given domain .
Show all available forms .
Finds an attribute on a location .
Save attachment to file .
Mark a value as a unicode string .
Check if project can be downloaded .
Indent a block of text .
Recursively iterate through python objects and add them to lines .
Extract the capabilities from a string .
Returns True if the given ip has the given alias .
Return True if the given IP is public .
Read a plist from a file or file - like object .
Log a page hit .
Run the main function .
Setup the devices for the device .
Get document and fallback reason .
Mark a process as a pytest .
Uninstall a conf_module .
Get shortest path from source to target .
Upgrade a volume type to the database .
Evaluate the euclidean distance function .
List topics .
Imports object from name_space .
Add extra paths to sys . path .
Add new flags to flags .
Create a query node .
Creates a cache security group .
Split a test name into a test name .
Get the current URL for the current user .
Plot boot traces .
Return the current time in seconds .
Perform a POST request .
Sort a list of arrays .
Wait for the queue to complete .
Compute a rehash of a file .
Runs test verbose on string .
Create a message for the given extras .
Get a media player release .
Combine details into a single map .
Convert an object to a column .
Flush the state of a table .
Get the size of the terminal wsgi output .
Calculate epoch time offset from a window .
Format a datetime .
Detach a packet into a packet .
Load image from qt image
Split text into tokens .
Returns a list of scripts that are not system specific .
Return a boolean indicating if name is not in all strings .
Basic wiki page listing .
Get a proxy info from the environment .
Set file utime .
Return the path to the virtualenv
Logs a list of existing volumes .
Run a test docstring on the console .
Decode a string .
Returns True if condition matches condition .
LTC facility type
Post - order a list of nodes .
Reset a user password .
Calculate the MD5 signature of a dictionary .
Apply a function to an expression .
Takes a lexicode string and verifies that it is valid .
Process the tools argument .
Return a list of ip addresses
Call a forecast on a specific location .
Get metadata from a filename .
Discretize a 2D model .
Parse flags .
Get artist by id .
Ping the server
Get a link line
Subtracts a sub - term from the term f and u .
Wrapper for multiprocessing .
Test the Bernstein vector reparametrization .
Context manager for pending warnings .
Initialize connection before request .
Test if arguments are equal to a new slot .
Get a list of all names in the tkinter interpreter .
Wait for an object to complete .
Safely format an IP address
Check if x is a hashable .
Parses a Sudoku assignment string into a dictionary of grid values .
Check that all of the files are valid .
Wait for a network address to complete .
Creates a new identity .
Refine a transpose of expr .
Associate a profile with an instance profile .
Connect to a given region .
Processes an element node .
Filter out tags that are not in the chunk .
Generate a signed JWT .
Get vmdk image size and properties .
Get a field from a model .
Get command line arguments .
Return a varint .
Register handler for email notification .
Test that the filter is correctly set .
Load credentials from a file .
Adds access to a volume type .
Perform a copy of an array .
Compute the norm of a vector .
Install xonshimporthook .
Duplicate a quaternion .
Copy a file from src to dst .
Edit a perspective view .
Subtracts a string from a context .
Test if the Pypi xml transformation is in the correct format .
Daemonize the daemon .
Format the firewall log output into a dictionary .
Compute the cumulative sum of the moments of the given moments .
Return two parts of the three - way split indices .
Normalize a path .
Return a monomial divisible by a and b .
Get a ZIP archive of selected submissions .
Delete an image .
Extract images from a gzip file .
Test swap assignment .
Update project requirements .
Cycle through a value .
Parse arguments and compare them .
Delete a logging sink .
Return the parent child of an xpath element .
read a file record
Verify if a candidate is valid .
Return the minion version
Get shadow by name .
Log an error .
Get a policy .
Return True iff s is in a newline .
Construct a dict mapping author IDs to authors .
Get the projection matrix
Read data from a ZIP archive .
Nudge dataset .
Draws a circle path
Call unpack .
Set basic auth .
Get the number of skiprows .
Return True if all number groups are present in formatted_number_groups .
Returns the absolute path to the plugins directory
Return a list of regions sorted by name .
Get a subset of the given bitstring .
Convert the body of the body into a string .
Create a record with the given attributes .
Validate max_staleness .
Execute a shell command and return its output .
Create a dictionary mapping strings to strings .
Import a module from the minion
Test that the tag is unique
Return a list of keys from the pillar
Generate a pattern for a fontconfig dictionary .
List functional areas .
Add hits to query results .
Formats the form style for filtering .
Return a set of line numbers in a multiline string .
Calculate q - statistic for a given value .
Test that the PMF histogram is equal to the distribution .
Convert a raw kwargs option to a dictionary .
Add fields to a document protobuf .
Standardize a name .
Convert a coo to a SparseSeries .
Return the contents of the log file .
Render the content of a single inline document .
Read a Cinder configuration file .
Iterate through elements and print it .
Test platform configuration .
Return the plugin for the plugin .
Turn off the minion state
Parse command line arguments .
Convert string to CamelCase
Define a function that will be called with the given arguments .
Validate a dmp file .
Swap bits of a string .
Initialize signal manager .
List package relationships .
Get fixed IP list by host .
Set up a stream logger .
Return the backend URL for a given entry .
Decorator to convert value to timezone .
Parse a sequence of strings .
Dispatch a hook .
Solarize an image .
Test the length of each dipole .
Convert an XML tree into a dictionary .
Returns an xl range formula for a given range .
Read all available tasks from the given paths .
Test the ioctl lout .
Writes the theme to disk .
Set a config value
Change the uid of the minion
Find whitespace around whitespace around a logical line .
Show the details of a given name .
Enable a source .
Calculate the average of the aggrms mean data .
Update the settings for the given section and option .
Sends an email for ticket purchased .
Serialize obj to JSON .
Return user info as a JSON object .
Send email after import
Setup the devices for the platform .
Return an ansi color map for the given style .
Format a slice into a slice .
Expand an IPv6 address into a IPv6 address .
Parse the start and end date of a year row .
Creates a pytest fixture .
Callback for parsing the text .
Create a Thriftpy context object .
Authentication of the twitter server .
Get a directory containing the topfile .
Given a valid config update the cors rules for a bucket .
Returns the amount of money in words .
Handle celery errors .
Sends translations to the response
Delete a given rest api .
Calculate a Unix millisecond millisecond time in seconds since epoch .
Return a string representation of an object .
Get content of a URL .
Run pylint on filename .
Create a constant map item .
Get a credential by its identifier .
Return True if two lists are contained in b1 .
Returns a boolean indicating whether there is a pending reboot .
Unescape a string .
Register a function to be called atexit .
Registers a list of operators that can be used to encode the input node .
Generate a random string .
Generate a fingerprint from XML data .
DEPRECATED GET method .
Recursively walk through all files in a directory .
Return the default locale for the object .
Restores the current size of the bucket .
Unset a quota volume
Get repository dependencies .
Safely get the request from the request .
Return a figure manager for a figure .
Get the metadata for a given collection .
Parse a log file into a dictionary
Returns True if filename has a filetype with a filetype .
Evaluate the old dump of a pred .
Creates a debugger object and returns it .
Find platform and atomic group name .
Get properties of a managed object
Get search clients .
Download a window analysis file and write it to disk .
returns the response for a campaign
Determine whether a string contains a substring .
Return a list of strings in the database .
Return the suffix of a name .
Redirect to the next URL .
Parse a setuptools version string .
Calculate the number of triangles in the creation sequence .
Prints an error to the context .
Escape a string .
Returns True if model is valid False otherwise .
Return a human - readable string representation of seconds .
Get a list of all available datasources .
Compute a fastfn
Optimize an angle .
Return rheader as a string
Helper function to create model dictionary .
Generate API key .
Compute the log - sum of the logithmic sum of x .
Redirect to the canonical file with the given ID .
Makes a random binary database .
Get an embed function for a given shell .
Return the next non - empty string .
Convert a string of name - value pairs into a dictionary .
Handle application errors .
Set the value of the minion configuration
Assert that test_app is valid .
Get a list of permissions .
Route a URL to a request .
Checks the length of a BCS header against a given mapping .
Write device writer .
Set the value of the minion
Reset builtins directory .
Temporarily mock stdout .
Wrap the given info into a traceback .
Calculate checksum of given value .
Return a string representation of a jelly file .
Get the course creator state for a user .
Register the user s inclusion tag .
Print info about a given virtual application .
Encode a frame using lz4 .
Prompt user for input .
Dump dependency grammar .
Delete extra specs for a given volume type .
Try to guess the number of streams in a given size .
Perform a GET request .
Deletes the index from the database .
Add the xintersection of the frontoversections to the frontoverlist
Decrypt a string using urlsafe .
Compute the IRred - P - P or - B .
Same as shutil . copytree except for shutil . copytree
Validate the drop epochs .
URL escape function .
Ensure an event source mapping is absent .
Benchmark all registered functions .
Encode a multipart form .
Returns True if the current user is in the current user .
Show the details of a load balancer
Action for the item category .
Spell check for text .
Returns True ifranceExams is enabled .
Validate station string .
Get the minimum by vector3 .
Deserialize base64 - encoded string .
Publish a file .
Update proto library configuration .
Determine if the engine is running .
Install one or more pecls .
Test the shell environment .
Get the element node - node object or None .
Register a custom inclusion tag .
Closes a database .
Remove excess whitespace from a statement .
Get information about a device .
Find the path to the git repository .
Parse dsymutil output
Calculate the expected bar value for a given bar .
Make a header from a decoded sequence .
Retrieve the routing table for a given ip version .
Add a vhost to the minion
Return a refactorer .
Return a list of format modules for a particular language .
Parse solc compiler output .
Returns the path to the mrjob executable
This function is called when a message is received .
Return a list of all service names .
Get a list of releases for a project .
Compute keras for nt values .
Run all upgrades .
Emit a Prowl device .
Processes a list of events .
Wrapper for g77 .
Substitute a value with a callback .
Return True if the item is a sequence type .
Place a chessboard on the board .
Called when a control connection is lost .
Get the IPv6 addresses of the link local network .
Checks if two strings are equal .
Resolves a dotted name into a fully qualified name .
Clear the cache of all caches
Helper function to check if a relation has any relations
Destroy the database .
Raises an AssertionError if the function does not raise an exception .
Update metadata for a snapshot .
get the winning model id
Set rule to include .
Generate a Gcodepath path .
Returns a media URL for the given path .
Kill a process with a signum .
Register a growl notification .
Returns a list of all subordinate groups for the given user .
Parse a list of linters .
Get bind address .
Compute brightness state .
Cumulative sum operation .
Generate a random graph .
Sets the default app for the application
Return the first item in seq .
Remove quotes from s .
Ensure that the given address is a tuple .
Run cleanup tasks .
Return a new function that replaces new globals with new globals .
Process text from element node .
Callback for when a course is saved .
Return the name and version number .
Get a list of functions .
Compute the difference of a function f .
Test if value is an even number .
Return the IRC color from an IRC match .
Renders the given template using the given context .
Get project time from row
Returns True if the given ip is in the given mask .
cartesian product of two lists
Reindex all reviews .
Return the xfs inventory output
Show the list of instructor tasks .
Convert a tuple of RGB values to RGB values .
Calls the C method on x .
Determine the runer for a given bbdir .
Return the kurtosis of an iterable .
Test if a single class is a single classifier .
Return a string representation of the given bytes .
Return a list of ranges from a string .
Return True if orig_prefixes is a subset of orig_prefixes .
Check the estimator for the estimator .
Test the high - order autoencoder initialization function .
Formats the position at position pos .
Parse an executmsg message .
Read images from directory .
Register agent in Linux bridge .
Get pillar data from the minion
Match a pattern .
Resolve a URL to a relative URL .
Display a WMC map .
Cluster vectors .
Creates an empty file with the given filename .
Creates an eye that is backward compatible with an eye .
Return the enforce value
Classify the given image .
Moves the user from the social account to the social account .
static .
Update the flash parameters .
Get a resource from a path
Output a file to stdout .
Renames src to dst .
Returns True if the given header is a Hop - by - hop header .
Decode an error string .
Renders a template response using the given templates .
Import image metadata
Construct a CudaVariable object .
Test the temperature of the bulb .
Return a session object for the given reply channel .
Instantiates a proxy from a proxy object .
Build sphinx docs .
Synthesize a nonce .
Create a patch viewer for the given number of pixels .
Send an object to the server .
Remove a service .
Create an inventory object .
Get list of networks in a project .
Convert x into a sparse variable .
Compute statistics for graph .
Return a list of vertices that are within g .
Convert a string array to a numpy array .
Return the number of languages in the database .
Return the common dtype of a list of DataFrames .
Run all migrations in database .
Prints a list of available hooks
Activate the current language .
Handle a password reset request .
Returns the assignment type of a user group
Run the command line .
Compute the CDF of a DataFrame .
Test if the channels are renamed .
Expand a list of arguments to a single line .
Returns the Overhang support angle .
Check if network with given prefix length is valid .
Get the name of a git repository .
Convert the given value to JSON .
Parses the ACL v2 v2 .
Return a string with ellipses removed .
Get a list of all available regions .
Set the default values for the sqlite database .
Skip the test if it contains a backslash .
Drop a field from the expr .
Set the color of the current color .
Return a tuple with the unpicklestring and position .
Return information about a minion from minion minion
Recursively convert unicode strings to strings .
Register optimizer for Gpu .
Return a dict with the values from the given settings .
Convert a list of Revocation objects into a list of dictionaries .
Return the first node in the tree rooted at expr .
Create basic basic basic auth .
Handle a mailing list .
Search for search results .
Convert content to JSON .
Helper function for gitlab hook .
Checks if the given sheet is writable .
Calculate the nextLegen function .
Return a list of sysv services
Recursively setup virtual environments .
Return the version number of the current platform .
Generate a header for a nzseel2r header .
Return the version of the minion
Used to report deprecated workername for deprecated work .
Associate a baremetal node .
Properly prints the attributes of an element node .
Make regex from mask .
Render a cheetah template string .
Try to find a device on the host .
Calculate the square root nearest to n .
Whether the system is virtual
Remove all XML references from a string .
Get the auth password .
Return an HTTP response .
Return virtual machine name .
Get filenames and classes in a dataset .
Display the amount of time in seconds .
Release libvlc .
Get an attribute .
Convert a domain name into a filename .
Test that a dimensionless unit is unitless .
Return the absolute path to the given path .
Transform an array to a list of strings .
Write output to filename .
Run Paste server application .
View function that redirects to the login page .
Return a list of discrete attributes of a domain .
Instantiate an instance of the compute API class .
wrap the result of ndarray
Validate format and disk format .
Get the maximum file size .
Split a train and test set into two n - tuples .
Serialize tar info .
Supplies a service to the organization .
Return the lowest level of the lowest level .
Find a host from inventory .
Write output to file .
Write stock basis set in the database
Callback called when a video stream is received .
Creates a copy of an object with the given name .
List installed upgrades .
Initialize the pyo server .
get a document node
Construct a URL for a specific resource .
This view allows you to redirect the user to .
Encrypt a password .
Convert tangent value to float .
Add a list of faces by loop .
Generate a class docstring .
Modulo a and b .
Build a generator for no - log messages .
Updates the attributes of a model instance .
Draws a random normal vector from a shape .
Return the begin and end of the phrase at the head of the given head .
Check if a module is a package .
Build a M3U filename for m3u
Called when the source epoch is finished .
Return the SSH configuration for the given host .
Ensure that the forwardnodes have a circular reference .
Get n bit integer .
Create a routes map from declarations to routes .
Deserializes a pickle file .
Detector of a matrix .
Test if two arrays are identical .
Quote a URL .
Redirect the user to the session .
Start scan .
Sort a dict by commas
Authenticates the user with the given lti user .
Return True if n is not prime False otherwise .
Delete a table from the specified table .
Parse an ignoreable statement .
Escape abbreviation .
Rebuild all generated files .
Load a dictionary of fixtures .
Get a finder for a given path .
Encode input to output .
Expand brackets in a string .
Register a string with a template .
Select the correct bracket icon for the given option .
Sample verbose format .
Setup the device .
Add epic statuses to the queryset .
Test for all featurefiles within a directory .
Route a calendar to the server .
Deletes a blobstore .
Returns a list of all network instances in the specified instance .
Test if the current command is valid .
Return a set of the type of a pattern .
Get command line arguments .
Load and return a dataset
Set the extension of an S3 URL .
Return a connection to etcd
Ensure that the given trans is valid .
Check that the module is compatible
Write user group mapping to a file .
Decorator for tests that no errors are raised .
Returns a price info for the item .
Convert a pxpr expression into a canonical one .
Return a list of prompt tokens .
Create a new user list
Attach extra info to a user story .
Return a list of manifest files matching extension .
Run a command in a subprocess .
Get translation from element node .
Hashes a file .
Register agent init handler .
Remove an item from the list .
Set the action for a form .
Convert a string to an integer .
Switch to viridis .
Create a field on the primary key .
Return a list of dicts that are in the current state
Delete a policy .
Test the nearest neighbors to the nearest neighbors .
Custom setup for org_resource fields
Read fragments from a file .
Format a size into a string .
Send emails to the connection .
Route samples by user .
Convert bytes to unicode .
Creates a URL for the given path .
Encode a string as a morse word .
Clear the device state
Helper function for running a horcmgrgrgr .
Test if pip is not found in the package list .
Download subtitles from youtube .
Start the notification server .
Render iframe .
Open an explorer path .
Get dependency graph from package_list .
Runs the setup command .
List databases .
Rename all files in a folder .
Parse a query string into a dictionary .
Get number of commits that have been merged together .
Compare partial dicts .
Get a pack from the index .
Filter products by user
Sanitise a string to be used as base32 .
Raise an IOError if there isn t a replay file .
Compare two images .
Parse the attribute type .
Parse a string into an integer .
A wrapper for pkl_pkl_pkl .
Register a callback for logging .
Set the disk timeout .
Return True if the command has a executable .
Compute the norm of the logichlet norm .
Get a filepath or string from a URL .
Generate JSON property for a given field .
Revoke a certificate
Unquote a JSON document .
Compute Fibonacci number .
Add a point on pathindex .
Convert an ETree element to a queue .
Remove article from string .
This demo is used to display a sentence .
Get epochs from raw data .
Raise an exception if the user is not an admin or not .
Create a CSS gradient .
Verify a virtualenv
Return a string with indentation .
Remove module from conf
Calculate the standard deviation of a property
Context manager to temporarily change the current working directory .
Loads a yaml file and returns it as a dict
get a repository writer
Return the filename of a photo
Rolls a rollback to the database .
Add one or more traits to a base .
Default rendering of a csrf response .
Returns a pytest . fixture containing the genesis data .
Test that a string is a float .
Recursively decipher an object .
Return a string representation of a dictionary .
Check if a point is inside a polygon .
Get return data type for a function .
Return a string representation of an object .
Shut down the device .
Creates a getter for the given attributes .
Get parent PID of current process .
Log files to stdout .
Convert text to qcolor
Download a file .
Return the lines of the given filename .
CLI entry point .
Get a list of rooms for the current user .
Create the ports tree
Add a track to the library .
Create an entity protobuf for a query .
Register a jinja2 inclusion tag .
Yields a generator that can be used for import translations .
Discretizes a linear model using bilinear interpolation .
Convert a value to a timezone aware datetime .
Converts a list of ldapControls into a list of encodings .
Returns username and uid .
Return string for closing XML root .
Load the loadexperiment description from a directory .
Return a string representation of hours .
Show a server .
Set all logging methods to a logger .
Remove the docstring from the function func .
Returns the elements in seq1 that are not in seq2
Convert t to hex
Attempt to redirect CSRF cookie to the given location .
Return the number of memory shared by connection .
Start all configured engines
Calculate PPO .
Get or create identifiers for a node .
Load a texture .
Return a list of values from a dictionary .
Get the basepath .
Return a list of all meta fields .
Test if file is in unicode
Calls a function and logs it .
Access log handler .
Open a log file .
Get a timestamp from the git repository
Split a dataframe into multiple mappings .
Delete a key
Test the design matrix .
Test if a given script is in the given temporary directory .
Runs test on the test server .
Pretty print a list of elements .
Add a host key .
Get a server certificate .
Get disk type .
Assert that a multiindex is a product of the given levels .
Get a joystick from stdin .
Return a tuple containing the size of a text box .
Expand a polynomial into a list of polys .
Check if a database exists .
Join state path into a string .
Perform a system exit .
Get polar motion .
Test to see if we have to_hdf_link_optimization_optimizations .
Add a command to the protocol .
Check if a release has failed .
Convert value to timezone .
convert a url to a pathname
Convert datetime to microseconds
Find the names of all loaded functions of a given code .