fill and verify kernel shape
Build a tree structure from a queryset.
Unserialize a serialized packer dict.
Match step stderr path.
Return a random integer between 0 and n.
Check if a gof. variable is a sparse type.
Sets the number of bytes to be read from the pipe
Assert that Vi is block editing.
Scale time seconds arr with the given unit
Test environment variables before and after a test.
Contextmanager to load and load plugins and restore the context manager.
Create a directory in the django db.
Return True if the salt is virtual False otherwise.
Decorator function to check if a function is expected.
Run a test case on the remote node.
Get the profile for a user. If the user does not exist as a string create a
Configure hostnames in the config.
Generate a hashed thumbnail of the given filename.
Create or update a single document in the database.
Validate a list of requirements.
Fetch one value from cursor. dict
Returns a file and a file name from a module path.
Read a response from the socket.
Filter a dictionary or a list of parameters.
Handle response format for treeio login required.
Trim trailing lines from the end of a list of lines.
Create an effect for a comment.
Returns a list of parts of a field name.
Returns True if text is valid False otherwise.
Assert that the index in the given index is the string value of the index in the given
Parse the command line options and print the help message.
Write a string representation of an instance of this class.
A wrapper for the hook. command function.
Create a subscription
Return the inverse of a clause.
Get the virtual interface with the specified id
Returns a dict of all the versions of the specified module
Calculate the size of a header table.
Fix the indentation of the given code to new indents.
Parses the given iterable of lines and returns an alignment.
Returns a string representation of the line numbers of the given value.
Get the network link for a specific ifc num.
Resolves the current context to the default color.
Create project objects for the given target list and target dicts
Return the index of the module.
Clear the cache of the fsb cache
This is a decorator for flask. app. route.
Returns a list of all the variables in the code
Installs one application at the specified location and returns True if it was installed.
Load the contents of a PEM file.
Create a temporary directory.
Registers the given class as a manager of the given manager.
Make a list unique.
Returns a function that returns a list of authors in the XMLRPC database.
Convert a filetime to a timestamp.
Find a command in the system
if t is a compound then construct t. arg if t is a compound then return t
Check if the pc is installed by package control.
Returns a string with the date and the notes from a string
Gets a list of all snapshots for a project.
Perform obj. push with request. obj. do and request. obj. do push is
Set a key to a value
Connect to the energy bridge sensor.
Export a library to XML
Get the versioning configuration.
Assert that the script doesn t accept the missing argument.
Concatenates a sequence of elements.
Returns a boolean value indicating whether a file should be sent to the server.
Removes the mysql error and returns it.
Close the global state.
Gets the path and point at least the length of the path and point.
Returns true if the node is a semantic feasibility between g1 and g2.
Returns True if certificate was signed otherwise False.
Set the environment to use.
Get all the block volume metadata
Return a list of roots of a function f.
Load mappings from the intersphinx index.
Generate unique permutations of a sequence of integers.
Uncompact the creation sequence.
Format the event using the format spec.
Render a block node.
get http data
Return the time offset of a timezone.
Print an error message to stderr.
Sort and count the elements of a.
Remove the database from the config. store dir
Clean html.
Tries to execute a task and returns its key and result.
Set the fs home environment variable.
Check if the string s is an expression or not.
Checks if the server is healthy.
Return a list of nodes
Get the name of a package.
Return a string representation of the given value.
Return a new orm object for use with the cache.
Create a new cluster with a single quorum.
Create a timestamp from a value and a field.
Plot a random image and a patch.
Check if a command exists in the environment.
Get the category by it s id
Re - resend the user invites.
Get a message from the model.
Dump a job configuration to a file.
Update an account
Return True if the two KEen schemas match.
Return whether or not the machine is virtual.
Estimate the gaussian covariance of a given response.
Get cascade float without self for element node.
Returns the diff expression of the current branch
Check if a user has a role.
Recursively gets the source code of an object.
Determine if the system is virtual
Compute the evoked times for an event
require store for issue 2401. po
Authenticate the given HTTP flow.
Returns True if s is a string that starts with str. Otherwise returns False.
Get tab registry
colorful test that prepare stdout lines
Writes the entries in the given journal to the given path with the given format.
issue prefix reorder and replace ents with their label and start and end.
Computes the indices of the words that match the query.
A generator function that yields the crawl results.
Split a domain into domains by split label.
Get the set of services that are not enabled
Get an importer for a given module path.
Check if the kernel grain is virtual
Create a rebulk regex
Return the rastrew skew of a list of individuals.
Get a copy of the current repository and return it.
Enforces a given action to a context.
Compute the CRC of data and check.
build simple tree from num
Convert instance id to ec2 id
Edit a service and redirect to the log - in page if the request. method == str
coalesce options
click. group
Returns a list of scenario instances that are solve against the outlines of the input file.
Return a regex that matches db name and coll name.
Get user credentials.
Create a new figure instance.
check the return value of a function
Converts a set of input values to incoming values.
test no header supplied names
Take the first n elements from the given iterable.
Replace a register with a value.
Read bit packed hybrid data from a file - like object.
is the home page of products?
Assert that the lazy process exists in the named temporary file.
Emit the next line after the previous line.
Get request body.
Return the k nearest neighbors of a new point
setup bem to be verbose
Make a password with a random string.
Resolves a page context from a page template.
Write a sequence of images to a file - like object.
Write the hyperlinks of a worksheet.
Get the version of the fastq file.
Returns a list of imports of the module named modname
Convert hex color toci
Enforces domain sanity.
Create a compound model operator function
Load an experiment description script from the specified directory.
Return the count of words in a string.
Retry an instance update.
Compare epochs of info1 and info2
Set the connection info for a URL to the registry.
Main function for processing files in a directory.
Parse a range header.
Scrubs a viewpoint for instances of a given type.
Builds the libraries and recipe files for each recipe in the library folder.
Runs a bingimage hook.
Prompt the user for a manual search.
Returns the string representation of the label in a dictionary.
Returns the default locale fallback for the given document and locale.
Remove read - only mode from a file.
Get layer variables by name.
Return a tf. tile with the specified number of dimensions.
Convert a datetime. datetime object to milliseconds.
Get a mock request.
Read count bitpacked values from a file - like object.
Identify the table in which to skipif test.
Create a marker from a list of manualpois.
Returns whether or not the configuration was initialized.
Moonish test for a Moonish mark.
clips string in path if str is in path.
require keys exists false primitive values
Detach devices from a vm
test module is in customer group pricing module
Simple authentication
Return a random uuid for the given node.
An iterator over a file of corpus.
This function creates a default user and saves it to a file.
Returns a random address for the given family.
Returns the current disk usage in bytes.
This is a test function that extracts a zip file.
Clears all configured flows
Get geometry output by negatives and posatives.
Make a test filename based on the given filename and purpose.
Colorize a string.
Returns a direct response from the given template.
Gets the rotation of a number.
Mark a task as finished.
Returns the file extension.
fix artifact of data
Prompt the user for input.
Asserts that an mlp learn shift propagated at Alloc.
Write the chain text with the first translator file name.
Encode the given data as a JSON string.
Create an environment for the virtualenv.
Split string into craft sequence.
Returns the filename and line number of the current raising file and the line number of the current
Return True if the current platform is little endian False otherwise.
dirty patches for httplib. maxline
Returns the context function for a list of documents.
Get notifications for all modules.
Returns a list of the resource pools associated with a service instance.
Return a deferred that will fire a Deferred that will fire with the result of the poetry
A helper function to create a fake object from a json error message
Shortcut for a double redirect view.
Return a list of string keywords for a given lexer.
Return a random messageid
Returns the response. test was secure if the request is secure.
Add an email to the community queue.
Returns True if the redeemed registration is blocked False otherwise.
Find the element with the given css selector.
Update certificate status
Create an element with the specified tag with the specified attributes and sub elements.
Process xml element.
Ensure a key with the specified name does not exist
Runs pip with the given data and returns the result.
Take a unit s plural and submit it in the database.
Evaluate the given source code and return the terminal value.
Computes the Minkowski convex hull of two 3D points
Try to parse xml except et. parse error
Compute the list of allowed methods for a given resource.
poll for an event from a given file descriptor.
Function to test that a tensor has elemwise elements.
Loads all the plugins in the global plugins directory.
Get the first number in a particular month day.
Convert a color string to a list of RGB color strings.
Returns True if document is deleted False otherwise.
Try to convert a value to an int.
Register a checker function.
Return a copy of fig with the given offset.
Yields the hex dump of the given data.
Creates a new chain.
Update the cache metadata.
Stop a specified session in a module. If the module is a string and the number is
Determine the platform.
Check the password against the hashed password.
Create a dot graph.
Return the integer argument of a binary quadratic function.
Decorator to register a mapping type.
Function that requires the application to be running.
Calculate the shape of the dot product between two arrays.
Display the completions like the line in the current buffer.
Returns True if the key is a course
test for a json view error
Return a context manager that yields stdio and restores sys. stdout and sys. stderr
Returns the contents of the input file.
Simulate kNN
Return a list of plugins that are available for the given community.
Get pc settings filename
Run the feature with setup and teardown.
Register a simple pagination querystring.
Get the path to the auto config file.
Generate a Garch model.
Deduce helpful message from a file specified by req.
Prepare test output with failful outline colorless.
Remove arrays in the given code.
Return the file s size in bytes.
Find an option from argv.
Write an example configuration file.
Evaluates a Poisson pmf.
Check usage of surf2bem
Get the measure of the argument
Check a response from a GLE command.
range of 4 elements
Return a human - readable string representation of an ID.
Get all the topics in a course
Decorator function decorator.
Deletes the keys for the given qos specs
Retrieve activities from a user query
Get a standard reply from the whitelist.
Return a new acsdic with the values in acs that match the wire representation of
demos that are not in the demos table.
Upgrade the old table to the new one.
Create a trace line for the given operator.
Wrapper around subprocess. popen to ensure that the return code is the same as the return code
Creates a new remote draft and deletes it from the database
Parse the netstat output of a command.
If the user is authenticated redirect to the page else return a render to response.
Execute a sudo command on the specified host using the specified options.
Returns a tar with all the files in the given directory that match the regular expression in the
Prepare the URI for a given token and URI.
Test consistency in parallel.
test for zero - valued min zero.
Function to get the categories of a blog
Jump to the preview window.
Add a rule to a node
Given a stream name create a new stream in the specified number of shards.
Logs a message at the specified log level with the specified error t and obj.
Main loop for the CLI.
Get the parent PID of a given process.
Plot raw onscroll event.
Return the Lp - Hermitian factor factor factorization of f u.
Decomposes a duplicate of a function.
Checks if the given path is a package.
Entry point for the wireup CLI.
read from numa maps. txt file.
Convert timedelta to integral minutes.
Assert that url to local path is the same as str
Set the type of a type to a string.
Return the path of a URL.
setup sim before filename
Take the first n elements of a sequence.
Test if the axes are valid
Returns a sorted list of the lens in a file.
Show test collections editor.
Redirect to a different URL.
Same as itertools. star star star starmap. itertools. starmap. longest but accept
Get the absolute path of a pack base path.
Returns a list of all the hosts in this VMware environment
Euclidean distance between samples in a batch.
Return a project object for the specified resource.
Return a random slice from a range.
Return the time of the uptime in seconds.
Combine two flaky annotation values.
This function unpublish activity in a collection.
Removes all roles from a tenant user.
Call jsonrpc client
Get the path of a segment.
Parse the contents of a deb resolv file.
Test if the values in an array are not the same as the values in the reduce ex
Create a blockdevice volume from an EBS volume object.
Check if two faces are from the same mesh.
Checks if the user can suggest the unit s translation.
Get the size of a VM
Lower builtin types. buffer and types. base tuple.
Initializes a near miss instance
Return whether or not this is virtual
Get the value of the language bidi.
Select the best encoding for the terminal output.
Try to get the label from plist except key error
entry entry entry entry entry entry entry entry entry entry entry entry entry entry entry entry entry entry
Get a config variable and fallback if it doesn t exist.
Rollback an existing reservation.
Check if the specified keystone version is available.
Download an object from a container.
Shelves the server status of a client from one server to the other.
Assert that the link is correct
Set the current canvas in the context.
Find git directory.
get limit and marker params
Assert that fix parameters and comment start tokens match.
Create a fixture from an array of afrikaans and their associated data.
Return the total physical memory of the machine.
Group list results by video.
Checks if the user has configured the virtual environment
Parse an etag string.
Run the reactor in the main thread.
Add mail to user
Return a termcolors style.
Convert an integer to a string.
Return an iterator over an iterable of lists.
Add information about the patch to an array.
Convert a string to an int.
Simplify the expression by the given dimension.
Encode a integer into a varint.
Test that a field supports a migration.
Return osquery cmd for all open sockets.
Generate a command line argument for the hypervisors.
Convenience function for creating a civproperties instance.
Save profiling data to the database.
Make a Ctf file name from a directory.
Allows a user to access the course at the specified level
Remove roles from a MongoDB user
Returns a list of clusters by datacenter
Registers a handler function to parse git VCS files.
Return a uniform linear layout of points.
Yield n RGB colors.
Gets a list of ACL groups.
Tokenize a file into a sequence of tokens.
Get nonphylogenetic metric by name.
Parse a query string and return a urlparse. parse_qsl object.
Remove stopwords from a list of tokens.
Check if the given shell is an interactive shell.
Get the size of a swap
Remove an existing file or symlink.
Generate the urls for the given mbid.
Execute a script with the given arguments.
Return True if info is a list
Check the minions directories for the raetkey
Assert that the keys in a dict are in the string namespace
check if string is a float
Convert a sparse vector to a bow if the sparse vector is a sparse vector.
region. cache on arguments
Registers a new user
Syncs the contents of the given intent to s3 key recursively.
is the inverse pair between two nodes?
Get the last account for a nick.
Check if an object is an undefined variable
Returns the SQL statement that matches the given query.
Returns a catalog object by name.
Test if an array contains infs
Find the sentinel for a given file.
Get the unit format from the config. If format is none the default unit format is used
Format a sequence of items according to the given testobj.
Rollback function
Print the totals for all results.
Check if the given node is a super node.
Normalizes a mode string.
Get the priority of an element.
Returns a human readable representation of the given date.
Parse an egg info file at the given path.
Returns the raw device of the given path relative to the given mount point.
resize an image
Remove handler for ident from handlers if ident is in handlers.
Wrap a shell command in a new string.
Update the volume metadata.
Extract a value from a dictionary.
get geometry output by loop. rotate xml element
Run the migrations for the search task.
Connects a signal to the Qt application and starts the reactor.
A user structure.
Returns a list of the table names in the database.
Validate options.
Generate a random choice tensor.
Assert that two arrays are the same type.
Context manager to create a temporary file and remove it after the context manager exits.
Unpack a number from a string.
Fills an array with a new node at the head of the array.
Generate a 2D grid of points
Reload the configuration
Reset the quota handler.
Return a list of extensions for all entry points.
Get n colors.
Computes the Cheb1ap 1.
Splits an estimator into train and y subset by indices
test int x labels
Converts the given data to the given output format.
Runs the test function.
Check if the system is virtual
clipped object if it is a dict or string.
Determine if a repository has the previous reviewed revision for a given changeset.
Returns the user base from the config var.
regular expression validator.
Attach a volume to a datacenter server.
Cleans up a list of files from a given directory.
Assert that the data in the ms file has the string value in the filename.
Write the chain text with noun message.
Shuffles a list of random numbers.
Yields num epochs batches of data.
Format the changes into a human - readable string.
Remove instance info cache.
Get the attributes flag.
return a list of indices from a string
Return a json response containing the csv records of the course s users.
Returns True if text is valid False otherwise.
Function that adds a resource to a context. Returns a boolean indicating whether the resource was added
Prompt the user for input.
REST controller for person
Test marshmallow schema.
Check to see if an instance profile is associated with a given instance profile name.
Get the chain text from a list of procedure names.
get the cgroup mountpoint of a controller
main entry point.
Gets the default time display for the given time object.
Makes a list of managed nodes from a list of addresses.
Print the tag to the specified file or stdout.
Convert a symbolic matrix to a numpy matrix.
Get a list of VMs
Remove the specified mac address from the local network.
Make a new string for a resource.
Return the zone name for the specified zone name.
Return True if resource1 is inside resource2.
5 == 5 == 5 == 5 == 5 == 5 == 5 == 5 == 5 ==
Read from persistent store.
Escapes characters in the given string and replaces them with their shell equivalent.
urllib. quote a string
Convert numpy array to dummy data
Convert a string to a boolean.
Finds a. tex file and returns its contents as a string.
Serializes and serializes the request response content type and the request response content.
Determine the downloader to use based on the protocol of the given info dict.
Create a tar archive from a set of files.
Unpack an IP string into an integer.
Convert command to platform specific type.
Disable the specified availability zones.
Calculate the percentage of time the function will take to execute.
Make the declaration for a declared variable.
Function used to define a task that needs a release of the given string.
CLI options for the manager command.
Add two numbers.
Register a new inclusion tag for the Jinja2 template.
Get the full type of a group.
Render the given template with the given context.
click. command entry point
Print the names of the decoders.
Check if the given service file exists and is a service.
Check if the y is of a certain type.
Fit a function to a series of points.
Check that the variables are simple
force a job
This task is a vagrant task.
Create option values for an optionable type.
Test the scenario with hash within single quotes.
returns a list of instances of Qt core. q
Check that the image is normal mode.
Write text to the status bar.
Delete a repository.
Check if a 6 - bit address is a valid 6 - bit address.
Convert a read name to a number.
AES decrypt data with an expanded key.
Return a socket. socket instance for addr.
Set windows proxy settings
Convert hex values to hex values.
Returns a list of revision dicts for the package with the given id.
Save photos.
This trigger generates a sample of the commands
Update the version of an event.
Return cloud instance id
Remove all files in the database.
Check the connectivity of a cluster.
Initializes a module and returns a boolean if the module was initialized or if the module was
Find all occurrences of pattern in string starting at pos.
Return a string filter for the given URL.
Check if loop lists are intersecting within loop lists.
Retry the quota usage dirty flag.
Return a set of all ids in a fasta files.
A context manager to augment usage errors.
Clean up the contents of the current working directory.
Release a vlan id
Render a Django template using pprint. pformat with the given args and kwargs.
Return the value of f.
Return the transpose of the expression
Return True if val is a string ; otherwise return False.
Returns the task coverage as a list of strings.
monitor the result of a named monitor
Takes a regular expression and returns a new configuration with all of the columns in the expression
collects 4 elements from a b c x
Compare two keys
List all host groups
Perform a systemctl command.
Filter siblings along path to page list
Writes the given content to the specified output path.
Replace a file in a temporary file.
Returns a connection string for the specified backend
Return a boolean indicating if the set is older than num or if entry is not specified return
Check if the user has already logged in and upload the image.
Set the icon for the given tool
Load a module from a raw module.
Find approval for an object.
Returns the app if the name matches the specified name otherwise returns none.
Determine whether a tool dependency is a tool dependency of a given type and version.
Encodes the raw bytes into a string.
Set the domain of a domain.
Check if the dna chars bcs are valid.
Split args into num parts.
Create a date ticker for a particular span.
Remove all of the modules in sys. modules that have a default rcdefaults value
Install a new signal handler using the specified signal.
Create a hdfs directory.
Return True if the platform is a BSD
Return the common multiple of p and q if p < q return the common multiple of q
Takes a viewpoint and a request dict and verifies that it is removed from the
Get the recording by id
Return a cache key for a given namespace.
Print a warning message for the given unit.
Replace type str with type str
Lock work station.
if the command - line entry point is specified in settings. start main loop or if the
Compute the MD5 hash of the contents of the file at the given path.
Set the verbose level.
Initializes the maildir.
Returns a list of flavor extra spec.
method to check the status of the datapusher
Unpack a string into a list of lines.
Create a temporary access rule.
Returns a list of members of an object.
Converts a Dkl color image to an RGB image.
Assert that the file is in the correct case.
View for a treeio login required by the user.
Builds a simple patterns with random patterns.
Decorator to undoc a function.
Locks the given name with the given set of hosts.
Parse a preference file.
Return the command of the bot s hook.
Return the variance of x.
Group items by a given function.
Test inverse operator for testing data.
Attempt to convert a string of a datetime to a datetime.
Check the status of a csf command.
p conditional expression 2 - > p conditional expression
Decrypt the register filter.
Check if the mount path exists and is a mount path.
Check if the symptom cache is enabled without a backend.
Filter release names
Returns the full path to a binary command.
Parse a template limit string and raise an error if it is not a valid template.
filter values in a list
shared constructor for randomstate constructor
Unsubscribe a task from a specific group.
Assign a user to a page.
Dump memory of the current process to a temporary file.
Computes the rolling vwap of a given dataframe.
Get the name of a bench func.
Joins a list of path components into a single string.
Computes the kotanchek of the data.
archiver a task and send it back to the parent task.
Run a command and return its output and err.
Cleans the noise in the output string.
require the user to be logged in
Read n bytes from fid and return them as a string.
Assert that the smote is of a given kind.
test MySQL db connection
test list projects modified since a certain time
Context manager to remove path on error.
Finds a path from challbs using the given preferences and combinations.
Parses a media element and returns it as a C function object.
Create a dense dense version of targets.
Stop one or more containers.
Get a phred quality from a record. letter annotations except key error.
Find an instance by its name
Return statistics about the command.
Yields all modules of a given package.
REST controller for Indicator.
Authenticate the user with the provided credentials.
Creates a new subreddit if it doesn t already exist and returns it.
Generate a client lib from a discovery document.
Return the elapsed time of an event.
Create an image comparison between the color of the event collection and the color of the color of
Test for pushd and popd.
Determine whether or not to configure the platform.
Returns a random tests according to the specified ratio.
Redirect to the login page if the user is not a member of the project.
Initializes an addon with the given name.
Returns the name of a file - like object.
Converts milliseconds since epoch to epoch.
Return a list of agent service types
Convert a string literal to a string literal.
Get the context of the given keyspaces and connections.
Handles response format for treeio login required.
Create an event rule.
Reads the version string from a file and returns it as a string.
Return the argument of softmax op.
Revoke certificates by user and project.
Get the user password for the socketfile.
Check that the user has access to the given usage key.
Expand the cookie path in the response s cookie path.
Returns the latest release tag.
Filter a table to core fractions.
Migrates from the original oauth template to the new oauth template
Calculate the histogram of a list of values with bins.
Return a list of grains.
Query for users matching the where clause.
Extract a link from an http response header.
Initialize a new server configuration.
map QoS spec to lower case
Get the stock balance of an item s whitelist
Return the number of rows where the new entity has changed in the old entity.
Return the current status of the cluster.
Runs a command and assert its exit status is ok.
scour the coordinates of the data.
Creates a new campaign with the given bidding strategy id and budget id.
Setup the platform.
Start the named VM
Computes the mean square root of an array.
Dumps a list of hex strings into a string.
Get a logger by name.
Computes the correlation matrix ar with the k - th term in the matrix k.
Replace common keys with their common values.
Find the end of an expression in a line.
Test that the feature s name is a string.
Returns the context function for a list of files.
Return an instance of httplib2. http to use.
require post course login
Filter the label s value by 1.
Convert a string to a binary string.
Returns the current timezone node for the given template tag.
Update a payment against a document.
Create a list of formatters for the given config.
undo the logger setup.
Recursively expands the gallery template and metadata for the given generator and returns a list of
Convert a column of images to an image.
Format a process identifier to be used as a namespace identifier.
Checks if the working directory exists and if not raises a cuckoo startup error.
Handles response format for treeio login required module admin required.
Stop a cover for an entity.
Check if the specified class is a metaclass of the specified class.
Returns the IPv6 address if the value is a valid IPv6 address otherwise returns none
Process movieshape document.
Return a list of all enabled extensions.
Get embeddings given a word idict and f embeddings.
Set the media player to use.
Converts x into a list if x is not a list.
Finds a list of child nodes of a given number of parent nodes. Returns a tuple
Change user cookie secure.
Return unique elements in a list preserving the order.
Clears the screen.
test compound gates
Format a request and response string.
Convert camel case to camel case.
Return the default logfile for an executable
Calculate the difference between two loops from the list of loop lists.
Pad a string with a maximum of n characters.
Get a provider by its name
Change the username of a user.
Show a resource
Wrapper for request. route url.
Return the Moore - Moore - Moore function
Convert a bytestring path to a unicode path.
wrapper for db. get value
Run a test method when the command does not exist.
Release an EIP address.
Resnet v1 200.
Get the crafted text from a text string.
Converts packed ip address to a string.
Test the Fourier transform of a 1D array.
Returns a list of cython versions
Returns a list of SQL indexes for all registered Django models.
Remove the extension from a name.
Return the recently changed packages activity list.
example of the second layer of the network.
Return a list of all upgrades in the database.
Return a connection between the server and the client.
Format a slug for use in the template title prefix.
Return an object from a text string.
Returns the argument of a callback function or method.
Update the record if the record already exists in the database. Update the record if the record
Turn a list of tuples into a list of sparse blocks.
Fix the lines in source that are found in a source file.
check the output of a command
Get the options from the opts dict.
Assert that the context file has the right choices.
Assert that no output exists in bundle.
Create a new figure in the figure manager.
Convert a string name to a list of string labels.
Create a transformation from a list of tokens.
Set the tax for a given type and total
Return a boolean if the value matches a regular expression.
Makes a request to the given API endpoint with the given path. Returns the JSON response
List installed apps.
Class method to create the diff opcode generator
Expand the dimensions of x to dim.
Find executable in Windows.
Make a script file.
If the caller is a directory append it. If the caller is a file append it.
Returns true if the namespace is a wildcard in the db.
Send an email to a user that was removed from a group.
Check if the specified user is authorized for the specified resource.
cached method to get console width
Sorts an IP address in a human - friendly way.
Checks that the user is a valid user for the given course and checks the course outline
Delete preview files.
Returns True if the polarity of string s is greater than or equal to threshold.
Computes the disassocinant of two matrices a b c.
Test read user dict default value.
Render template with request data.
Find a library by name and return it.
Create a grant IP address for the app and global conf.
Lints a set of files.
Replace backticks with their original names.
Check if the ct headers are HTML.
Return a list of all keyspaces in the system.
Set the default configuration for the L10n application.
Return the default args of a function.
Imports a module and returns it as a string. Raises an exception if the module
Yields a list of translation messages from a CSV file.
Create a doc of the student records.
route function for bp.
Create a dictionary of iostats.
Returns a quoted string of the string at the end of the quoted string.
Returns a new datetime instance from ordinal x. If tz is None then the current timezone is
Returns the first item in tf. summary that exists with the specified tag.
Get input configuration file.
Gather clone loss.
Extract user email and fullname from LDAP entry.
Build a string representation of a song in a list of strings.
Return the dictionary count of a simple tag
Search the docstring for a given string.
Copies the given torrent directory to the given path. Returns the path of the new
Computes the summary counts for each OTU and adds them to the taxon
Compute a node search by hypervisor.
Combine mappings and OTU - OTU mapping files.
if exists return string else return string
Discovers the full path to an executable.
Return the end of the line where the physical line is the end of the docstring triple.
Join a coroutine into a single event.
Return True if info. version is not installed.
Gets the version number of the virtualenv or returns None if the virtualenv is not installed.
get volume summary by project
complete skipper function
Translate the given message to the given string.
Returns a list of sort keys.
Return the arcsec of the value.
Return the hessian of a given point.
Return the human - readable representation of a byte array.
Set the evacuate or drain option.
Execute a kadmin command
Recursively eval the tail of a list.
Get the cubic path of the xml element.
Split a string into a list of line breaks.
Returns a target object for a package or a specified target with the specified name and version.
Recursively process expression into a list of expressions.
Update a document in a collection with the same status as the activity status.
Sort a pcap file.
Updates the current instance of the model.
Check if pid exists.
Read the next string from the given data.
Get the unified output of the outputs.
Reload the routes from the rewrite module.
Create a new raw array.
Setup the platform.
Returns True if attr is a valid ext comm attr.
Return a list of the nodes in the specified zone
Run a task tag release.
Writes the given message to the preview window.
Return the appropriate resampler for the given groupby.
Make dataset.
Sort the data in the tree by col.
test case where saved json == num
Creates a context manager that decodes a reference to the given value.
Function to plot the image of the current epochs.
Returns a dictionary with the proxy auth headers
Rebuild the current version of lib if lib is not specified.
Converts payload into a random string of keywords
Returns the diff renderer class.
Loads the found test suite from the given module using the given pattern.
Get a list of issues in a GitHub project.
Returns the HTTP response message for a given status.
Return a deferred that will fire a specified time delay.
This is a helper function that returns the root url of the app.
escape sequences in a node if they are not in jid escape sequences.
Return True if obj is a sequence of boolean values.
Adds faces to a convex.
Find the root node of a file input node.
switch the listener on the connection
Add 32bit unsigned integers.
Return a list of objects matching the specified parameters.
Assert that the table of the text is the same as the table of the text.
Determine if the git repository is virtual or not.
Show the pillar of an item
Callback function to handle option key value pairs.
Function used for testing functions that handle the passed test and shared result.
Test for the on focus changed issue1484.
Patch command utils.
Insert a data dict into the context. Returns the newly inserted data dict.
Send a notification when the user password has changed.
Adds the loadgraph command line arguments to the given parser.
Filter the symbols in an iterator.
Converts a UTC time to a decimal.
Return the source and line of the given node.
Normalize a path to make it more human - readable.
Read a YAML file and parse the mapping file to a dictionary
Get the package name in the venvs or return none if the package is not found.
Calculates the p unary expression for a given time.
Create a new bucket.
Converts a color to a color with the specified mode.
remove repeated inds from sum index
Run the command line application.
Find server in args. server and pause.
Parses the out string.
Normalizes a string.
Test if an exception is raised by a type error.
Ensure that the named network is absent
Converts a list of location strings to a list of location strings.
Generate a bq schema from a pandas DataFrame.
Return sort string key
Parse the command line arguments and return the result.
Check if a graph is connected.
Returns the interface with the specified interface name.
Scale x to a column.
Get a new skeinlayer repository.
Encodes a password.
Get the audio output set.
Make an API call.
Check that a string is a valid atom.
Calculate the categorical cross entropy.
route to show a product
Draws a half version of the text. This is a no - op if the render
Import object by string
Check the format and cleanup of a needs tex.
Return a list of files with file types without words.
Creates a logout URL.
Return the request host if the request host is a member of the request host.
Copies the contents of src to dst.
Register a CLI command to clear screen.
Return the location to use or raise salt cloud not found
Convert a vector to a vector of size num where num is the number of elements in x
test for purified translation strings
Initializes the given inputs with the given state shape and returns the initial state.
Get the value of a field in an object.
Computes the log multivariate normal density.
Return a Cix tree from a Cix string.
Empty the text of the string if platform == str or if platform == str then print the
Register a simple tag.
Split named range string into sheet name and xlrange
Set theary header of the response to the given name.
Return a list of extensions from the builtin view extensions.
Redirect to the URL of the object that matches the md5 in the request.
Test function that regularizes the noise covariance.
windowed function. Returns the first non - empty window in the input.
Parses a packet into its components.
Returns a PDF or HTML page with the specified name and print format.
Generate a meshgrid of n meshgrid triangles.
Clears the site cache.
Returns a response containing the stream of the required login for the given request.
Builds an exit object based on the provided arguments.
Return a safe reference to target.
test knn fit single class
Returns True if the bucket name is a subdomain of the given name.
Returns a list of strings that match the string s.
The river controller for s3 rest controller
Try to call the function except type error.
Print a report of the plugins and their status.
Detach a block device
Join a list of lists into a single list of lists.
Find free ports in a range.
Calls the command with the given arguments and raises an error if the call fails.
This tests the html for the test mark - as - test.
Return a list of script choices
get win32 compiler
Starts a video download.
Delete a security group
Test saved inner graph.
Check if the result is an integer.
Create a named tuple.
This is a test for bootstrap options.
Returns http response if the request. method is POST or http request. body if the request
Get the set of permissions from a list of urls.
Create a new object of a given type.
Yields the comparison type of the logical line.
Attach a policy to a role.
Update an existing server group with a new string.
Create a new resource.
Return the topic weight for word k in document d.
Returns a module object that represents the pricing module.
Pause the download if the download is less than the current free space.
fill the text with the given css selector in the world
Returns a list of the available colour strings
return a dictionary of regex for tag tags
Validates a given image id and raises an error if it doesn t exist.
Load an executable from an environment variable.
test rgb to hsl part 6
Convert a boolean value to an integer.
Wrap a fragment into another fragment.
Return a list of all the keys in the GPG keychain
Joins a sequence of strings into a single string.
Create a directory if it doesn t exist
Get information about the chassis datacenter
Computes the onenorm matrix power - of - p.
Set config dict for a service.
Create a contextmanager for the given context.
Get the user id associated with the given user name.
Get pagination variables
Converts a hex string to a byte string.
Delete the content of a namespace.
Moves the mouse to the specified element.
Splits the data into individual parts.
Build the stub string.
Format the given text with the given rst fmt.
Return the mean gradient of x with respect to beta.
Create an overlay workflow
Get the size of a VM
Get a service proxy.
Applies a list of changes to a collection.
get the version of an executable
Delete all lead addresses for a given company.
require post to be logged in
Write a numpy array to an open file - like object.
Fetch an HDU and return its HDU number
Compute all estimates of a user s annotations.
Return True if the number of times the domain is equal to the number of times the domain
Get integer property.
Returns the host of the given request URL.
Computes the quadmin of a point.
Returns True if package is installed False if package is not installed
Start a new app in the specified directory.
Check that the type is a string and that the value is none.
Returns the read geometry from the nibabel. freesurferferferferfer
Resolves the input file to a new file. If the input file is a string
Determine the function name of the given node.
Log raw event to the log stream.
Return the common directory path of a list of paths.
Removes dnsmasq accept rules from the table.
Generate the fathead file for the given folder.
Return the difference between two dictionaries.
Moves the selected frame up or down in the stack.
Return the gradient of x with the given multiplier.
Converts the xml element to the target of the specified xml element.
Get host name for a VM
Coalesce table labels according to onrows and oncolumns.
Find increasing sequences.
Remove old lines that are less than num and rename if do apply.
Convert an index to a list of string labels.
Returns the sum of the smallest k elements of x.
Get the current stock value for a product
Create an s3 connection to the external account.
Returns a list of the table names in the database
Returns the absolute path to the base directory of the environment variable.
Get all the port inputs and outputs of a node.
Returns a string with the prefix of the name of the module with the given qualname.
View function for the user page.
Delete a servicegroup
cross validation
Return True if the user is not enabled and the emulation is not enabled
Delete an interface
Render a template to a string.
Get the maximum span of the complex object.
Returns fake db block device object.
Get information about a container.
Make a file named name with the specified user and group and the specified mode.
Get a random name sequence of temporary directories.
Render a report.
Unsubscribe a document from a topic.
Yield multiple items from a mapping.
Returns a list of headers that match the specified criteria.
Delete a user
Return True if the salt is virtual False otherwise.
Adds foreign keys to the query.
Log a debug message for the current function.
Update an existing PV list with a new list of PVs
Check an anchor for the given hash in the HTML document.
Get a zone by name or create it if it doesn t exist.
Runs a test environment.
Remove a user
Check if the index name is valid.
If o is null return the value of d else return null.
Get volume summary
Writes the docstring dict to a file.
Returns the current kernel arch
return data to a json file
Loads a file system loader for the specified file.
Assert that the label data has the correct shape.
Validate a set of components of a covariance matrix.
Return a reload of the portage.
Return a quoted version of arg.
This is a test function that prints the loadfile and savefile
Return a list of groups for the named user.
Return a key le and the iv for a RAR3 key.
Delete a vlanid from the database
Render a message in the OpenID protocol protocol protocol protocol.
Returns the nth root mod.
Compute the cdlorning - dojistar dataset
Yield items from an object.
Add a service to the system.
Register an optimizer function
Return a list of available upgrades.
recv an object from socket and return it.
Ensure that the named key does not exist
Injects class attributes and class attributes into create tags.
Compute the power - of - two power - of - two power - of - two power
Get a user by username. Returns the user object.
Run the given function as a server. scgi function.
Fonseca function
A helper function that prints the server s data to the console.
Creates bookmark actions for a module.
Display an RGB image.
Reads a file and returns a list of lines
test exit on collection error
Determine the next host based on the query.
namespace scope.
Make sure the minion is virtual
Expand a path to the user s home and the user s home.
Computes the polynomial in the form of a function f g.
Copy data from a file - like object into a new file - like object.
Get the sum of the values of x.
Compute optional conf value.
Load a translation for a specific project and subproject in a given lang.
Converts a value to a list tuple or np. ndarray.
Delete a category from the database.
If obj. type is str raise value error
Open a svg document in a web page
Format a list of messages to a list of lines.
Build a bcbio. bcbio. bcbio. bcbio.
try to import an object but if the object is not importable it will try to import
Recursively rebuilds a function.
Split optional netmask.
Decorator to memoize a command.
get limit and marker
Convert an etree element to a dict.
Strip the namespace from the XML content of the element and its children.
Get the current render context.
Parse test files option.
Format power as a fraction.
Retrieve the elements related to a presentation ref id.
Returns the string representation of the specified routine.
Parses the given text into an integer.
require. po po pootle translation directory
Return the first child that has the specified tag
Get the default config from the given keyword arguments.
Colorize text.
Computes all the combinations of elements in a list.
Get limit parameter.
Returns a tuple of modules and a list of active modules.
Get the difference between two values
Try passwordless openssh.
assert that the data has eeg average ref proj
Unscrubs a string
Create a middleware decorator from a middleware class.
Decrypt an input stream with a given block size.
Get a random prime number.
Strip trailing blank lines.
Converts a given frequency distribution of documents to a specified frequency distribution of documents.
Publishes a test case.
Returns True if the sql is an open quote. Returns False if the sql is not a
Returns a list of addresses for the given host.
Write a string to a named temporary file.
main function
Return a lambda function that prints expr with the settings.
Get a tabbed interface edit handler for the given class.
Converts an HTML document to an XML document with the same tag as the document itself.
Find the indices of the rows where the condition is True.
Set the global rate limit
Test if keys are not unique prefix completion.
Return a datetime object from a relative day.
Check if the user is installed in the minion
Find the most common element in a list.
Computes a bilinear solution of a discrete case.
Gets a random number and returns the first prime number
Return the value of the exception class k in the label label c. r. t.
Convert a string to an intlist.
Clears the cache.
Convert regular expression to regular expression.
Hashes the contents of an item into a hashable object.
Register a simple tag without a context parameter.
Derivative of a polynomial.
Get the max id in the database.
Return a dictionary of configuration values from a configuration dictionary.
p struct declaration list 1 at time t
local optimizer function
Splits text into a list of integers.
Returns the zip data for an asset in the content store.
super console. send keys and verify results match the output of the test cursor.
Use test cookiecutter in project directory.
Check if the minc is available.
Find the node with the given path and return the default.
Get the carving from an xml parser.
Parse the change values from an opts object.
Returns a dictionary of the test arguments.
Compute the science coordinates for an image
Get the project membership for a user
Return True if the stream name is a public stream.
Test the inverse of a sequence of links.
Return True if all values in a dictionary are equal.
Derivative of a Gegenbauer polynomial.
Switch the user s organization
Yields the key value pairs in a cookie.
Render a template.
Turn a dictionary into a string.
Try to guess the filename of an object.
Sends the problem grade report in a non atomic transaction.
Check that got is not equal to expected and that expected is less than expected.
Returns a QuerySet instance for the specified class.
A wrapper for request. current route path.
test float range 2. 0 - > float range
Raise system exit.
Call talib with ds.
Get the metadata for a given request.
Loads the dictionary from the file at the specified path to the specified model.
Create a window function from a window function.
Returns a list of all the routes in the forward table.
Parse the command line options.
Convert values in parameters to boolean values.
Yields lines that have the specified sentinel from the input.
Get ips of a server.
Get a comment app.
Find executable in the system environment.
Parse a mime type and parse a range of parsed ranges and return the best fitness and the
Helper function for pandas SQL builder.
Returns the course display string for the given descriptor
return True if the user can use namecheap False if the user can not use name
Return the asset log for the given asset id
Extract text from element and its children.
Return an ISO 8601 representation of an object.
Return an element of the array with the value of the given operator applied to its elements.
Return a list of paths that match a pattern.
get volume type by id
Initializes the web application and its settings.
Strip exception details from the output of re. sub.
Returns a list of changes between two Django models.
Upgrade the given migrate engine to the new format.
Return a metric for an event
This function makes a test virtualenv for the purelib environment.
Returns True if the user is registered for the course. Returns False if the user is not
Register the services in the specified YAML file.
Try to get foreign struct by namespace and name except foreign error.
Check if a database exists
Create a directory if it doesn t exist.
broadcast a tensor to multiple GP devices.
Returns a list of words in a file.
Return the help string for this command.
L 64 bits x from the left and right of n bits.
Match a sentence with a given pattern.
Encode a string according to Windows.
click. command entry point
Return True if a string has a vowel.
Start interactive mode.
Get the plot options from the session.
Attach epic custom attributes to a queryset.
Returns the state of the mapped object.
Download a file from a URL.
Return a quality of service specs
Performs the initial setup of the Palo Alto proxy minion.
Loads a WSGI application from a configuration file.
Returns True if the user has read access to the course with the given key.
Wraps value into a word - wrapped value.
Split a node into two sub - nodes depending on the op of the scalar op.
power off a remote host
Sets a driver for the specified module and class
Get environment variables and settings.
Truncate a string to a maximum length.
Returns the infinibox required together.
Validate that the local ip is a valid ip address. Raise a system error if the
Returns a string representation of a number.
Compute the dot product between two matrices.
Get the output of a gcode text.
Create a list of commands to be run from a list of files.
Get the hash of the configuration tag.
at server cold stop the server
Returns a list of all the flavor in the profiler.
Return a list of keys in the API
Ping listener.
Check if the node is available and nvvm is available.
Return the attributes of the given adjective.
Add a role to the application.
Check if the target has the required handshake
Delete an attribute from a class.
autocomple finish the element with the given id
Adjust a color by a percent.
Convert a string to aroman numeral.
A wrapper of the function with an optional timeout.
Get a new coil repository.
Print a list of strings to stdout.
Return the log counters for the specified log type if available otherwise return the counters for the specified
Remove a previously fetched distribution.
Assert that the string representation of the sky coord is the same as the string representation of the
Update a record in a zone.
Get the geometry of an element
A test that writes a table with meta and count fields to a file.
Returns the absolute url of the given path.
Start the main loop from a repository.
Get current rate of media player.
Return the virtual machine name.
Find a file or directory in the given path.
Compile the given function as an internal function.
test run method that returns success when packages are found.
Asserts that a certain file is in a certain package. This function is intended to be
Convert a string to a number of nested numbers.
Tries to pluralize the given value.
Check if the value is a valid setup. py requirements file.
sleep a random number between num and max
Return a boolean if the value is an integer like val.
Create extra fill loops for inner nested ring.
base of reduce preferred function
Returns True if the version number of the candidate is not less than the required version number.
fake rep call fake config fake node fake request return fake request
Return task status.
Generate random vectors
Return a random rotation matrix.
List the names of the packages in the specified list of versions
Appends a header value to the context s headers.
Create a transfer manager.
Return the epsilon closure of the given state.
Parses a signed request and returns the response data.
Return the string representation of the file name for a given type.
stub out a set of functions from a test module.
This is a test function to test nvidia driver 1.
Return whether or not the database is virtual.
Render a module - level template into a string.
View decorator for a project and its versions.
Add noise to an array.
Print a string or a list of strings.
Write a metadata object to a file.
Returns the current language for the given language code.
Set the plugin path environment.
Make sure that the named file is not present.
Wrap an object as a variant.
Generates an IbP dataset.
Return the onearg of a number.
Write usearch1 log file.
Parse filename page range arguments.
Check if an object is a scalar or array - like object.
try to parse a URI return a boolean except value error
Format the given date with the given locale.
Remove the translation of an object from a site.
old id = id function = id function = id function = id function = id function =
Returns True if the api password matches the request. app. http. api password.
Return a list of tuples of all the rating choices for a given user.
Tear down the database.
A decorator that applies a function to the audio clip.
Create a tag image from a list of words.
Detach a policy from a role.
Returns a new set with num num num num where num is the number in the set and
Run the Dublin core.
specifiers for p declaration
Create API method response.
Return the sortkey for the given item.
Function for testing purposes.
Write an object to a pickle file.
Returns a list of dynamic tabs
Parse an auth header into a string.
Download the wheel.
Return the tool panel configuration and tool path from the tool panel configuration.
Print query results.
URL quote a string.
Parse the command line options.
Print an error message and exit with the given code.
Get all the releases of an episode.
Returns True if x is a positive integer. precision is a number.
Returns the problem path to the fs home directory.
Get the revision number
Annotates the content models of a channel in the specified language.
test iterator for scipy sparse dataset
Returns True if l is a list type.
Runs the basic test case.
Get the history of a zpool
Computes the mean of a time series.
Add a new user to an authorized admin.
Fills a string of text into a new line of text with a given width.
Check that face. requires spm data
Shows the weights of the model in a pickle file.
Search for the org method in the specified module.
Convert a string pattern to a string.
Replace old with new.
Detects the given agent and returns a dict of the results.
This is a decorator that handles the login redirect and the test cookie for the current site.
Convert the list of res into a csv output.
Return the object associated with the given finder.
Decode string to utf8 if string is unicode.
Check the rpc status and create an error class.
Get the next datetime in the table for a given hour.
Calculate the md5sum of a file.
Return a tuple of test cases where the first argument is the absolute value of the test function
Normalizes newlines.
Yields info about all the files in the given directory.
Yields a series of sub - commands into a single pipe.
Sets custom nameservers for the nameservers specified in the nameservers argument.
Test function to reset out the user namespace.
Create a new resource.
View of the task created page.
Get a string representation of a dictionary.
Get the unit status
Try to initialize the bits object. If an exception is raised log the error and return the
get user model name
Return a new expression with the given reduction.
Return the default http version.
Run a command as a CLI command.
Terminate the given greenlet with the given exception. If the greenlet is not dead
Cleans the contents of an S3 bucket.
Check if an object is a generator function.
s3 roles permitted
Compute the cluster state of the given node state and additional node states.
List extensions.
Ensure that there are n seps in a string.
Update the fileserver and raise an error if any exceptions are raised.
Return a dict of all the jids in the job dir
Install the translations for the jinja templates
Serializes a User object into its JSON representation.
Connects the signals to the generator finalized signal
Get block device mapping by instance and volume id
Return True if virtual else False.
Check if the shape of the parameter is the same as the shape of the parameter.
Returns True if the object is a function class or property.
Calculate the error of an approximation.
Check if all synapses are from the same synapses.
Return the virtual environment if it is defined in salt else return the virtual environment as a tuple
Register a scale class.
get relative path to pack ref
Delete a key from the minion
Returns the object at the given address.
Make sure the minion is virtual
Get all headers matching the given name.
Validate a collection of options.
Install the ioloop instance.
Log a definition of a matrix job to the terminal and then run it.
rewrite existing bridges to use legacy configuration
Search sysctl kernel for the specified key and return the integer value.
Return a mapping of namespace - to - namespace names to their equivalents.
Decode a base64 string.
Update an image
Return a string representation of the layout s title.
Shortcut for web. try shorten a link
Check that num is a hy integer.
Install from wheel with legacy links.
Determine if an instance is in a resize state.
Render a script to a temporary file with the given context.
Format a number using the given separator and decimal separator.
Check if a module exists.
Print a summary of the efuses.
triangulate a point between two points.
Return a list of all branches in the repo.
Converts the markdown file from the specified configuration to the specified format.
Parses the command line argument parser.
Return the credential in the hrm credential controller.
This function makes a test image comparison between the baseline and the extensions of one set of images
Clone repo if it doesn t already exist.
Returns a list of formatted error lines for the given exception type and value.
push a kernel context into the kernel context
Joins a list of atoms and returns a new string.
Return True if path is hidden.
Wait until a proxmox task is created
Require a flavor to be in the context.
Create an array of ones with the same shape and type as the input array.
Parses the response and returns a dictionary with the response data and the status code.
Return the DCT matrix.
Search string for a word in a given string. Return a list of word offsets where the
Return a tuple of the path to a file in the cache directory for a given path.
Create an access key for a user.
Update a Cloud Formation stack.
Returns res how the figure is if it s not implemented. If the figure is not implemented
Create a document list from a string.
Check if the socket is available and print a warning if the socket is not available.
Sends data to multiple recipients
Tidy HTML tidy runner.
Re - raise an exception by adding the message of the exception to it s stack trace.
Convert a node from one type to another type.
Get a model by its name
Set the arch context for the current platform.
Return data to serv
Get the fill value for a given dtype.
Get a new repository
Generate an email address for a user.
Join a list of paths and return the absolute path of the base.
Lookup a method by its name and its dbus interface.
Run the wireup command.
Download an http URL.
Update a FITS file.
Moves the given file to dest.
automatically close us after the open task is deleted
Update the cache metadata.
When the input string is deleted then return the input string. When the input string is deleted
Check if a user is a sysadmin
Load a X509 from a buffer.
List the queues in the queue dir.
Converts a string identifier to a lowercase string.
Return the square root of a atom.
Extends os. environ with the given keyword arguments.
Convert a path to a unix path.
Decode a time zone string into a time. datetime instance.
get the mag inds of t1 and t2
Imports the data api module and raises an exception if the api is not found.
Create the expected photos for a given episode.
Return the worker if it exists otherwise raise an exception.
Test ros. fit invalid ratio
Mark a document as unwatched.
Handles the name of a GUI window that has the msg and wparam and creates a
Convert a string attr to a boolean.
Return a list of parameters from a file and optionally fail on error.
Gets the user agent in the browser or None if the user agent doesn t have a
Assert that the global namespace without the path is defined.
Calculates the grade of an adjective based on its syllables.
Create a dataset of the same type as the input data.
Makes a urlfetch request to a gcs stub.
Get the time in seconds since the epoch.
Verify a user email address and sync it to the database.
Parses an ev string into a timedelta object.
Strip ansi from the input string.
Converts an IP address string to a quad string.
Build enum value descriptor.
Generates a random comma - separated list of words.
Check if a module exists
Register directives.
Create a quota usage entry.
Show the command line options.
Get the HTTP status message for the given HTTP status code.
Return the top results for a minion
Do the actual work of the storagetransfer.
Jump to a specific tab.
Log the node s status to the log file.
Returns a string representation of the user s preferences
View to check the user for a particular html index.
Read a string of 4 bytes.
Prepares the test run and assert stdout lines with traceback.
Add a servicegroup to a namespace
Convert specials to their special equivalents.
Compute the peak of the vertices and vertices of a mesh.
True if two elements are equal False otherwise.
Validate that value is a positive float.
Determine whether or not a version control repository is installed for the specified type.
Return True if a is less than or equal to b.
Get the status of a specific core
Get the absolute path of the target of a link.
Return the document html cache key.
Create a contextmanager context manager for the given temporary directory and remove it from the given context
Create arcGIS service.
Select a template from a list of engines.
Joins two paths into a single path.
Extend data with length bytes at offset.
Add attempt id to task id if it doesn t already exist
Compare entity a and b by key.
Check if the track info index has changed
Perform a whoosh search.
Return a datetime object if t is a datetime object else None.
Set http headers.
Remove a repo from the configuration.
Serialize sdr into a string.
Start the salt syndic
Copies the content of a stream of bytes into a stream of bytes.
Returns a list of geojsons for a given set of layers and a given coordinate.
Recursively serialize the input object.
Main function of the script.
Returns the shared library arg. If sys. platform == str return the string else return the
Record the number of the card in the given order.
Waits until the namespace does not have a listen pids in the specified namespace.
Set session. interpreter to the string session tests.
Get the unified output of a list of outputs.
Register a csrf protect account with the current auth backends and redirect to the url specified by next
Make a CIDR key for a CIDR rule.
Get window analyze file given text
Function to get the url of a video by its id
Gets the value of the variable with the given name.
Tries to set the expiration date of the reservation for the given context. If the context
Create an alias
require post login to be logged in
Setup the platform.
Make the directory d if it doesn t exist.
Import a document.
Gets a list of snapshot records for a given context and host.
Create image attachment.
Parse a query string.
Validates that the volume exists and that it is a member of the base directory of the
Calculate the overhang direction between segments.
Encode a 7or8bit string into a 7or8bit string
Enable a service via sysv
Class old name should be the same as the old class. new class should be the new
Sanitize html code.
Returns the volume object for the given volume id
Return True if two tuples of tokens x and y are equal.
Check if the tree has the same labels as the one in the file.
Returns the provider with the specified id or raises a value error if the provider is not enabled
Get the default app id.
Computes the hinge loss.
Serialize a collection.
Test the supervised version of the image.
Create a vector3 by the value and element of the vector3 by the prefix of the
Yields a generator of all user subscriptions for a given user.
Writes a BEL script to a file.
access a key in a context
Add a photo URL to the object store ph dict.
Stop the containers that have started the container with the given name.
Returns True if the file is a text file
Add points from a segment.
Get n times partitions from connectivity.
Connect the given socket client to the given destination.
Creates a figure of the help for the given event and params.
Queue one or more instances to be active.
Check if a package is removed
Assert that func is a warning class. Raises assertion error if func is not a warning
Generate a list of column names.
Find the p and q values corresponding to a power of nbits.
Return the argument as an int.
Compute a legen lut fast
Return a JSON object from a user feed.
Check if the user has no real s3 credentials.
Return the sfrmi id for a sequence l and m.
Test if a path exists in an SFrame.
Render a response from an http api request.
Compute the target count by host.
Load a module from a file.
Return True if name is a global variable.
Check that the script has a bash completion.
Updates a table with a new value if the new value is different from the new value
Context manager for celery - based tests.
Get a list of all a subset of the promotions that have a certain number of
Encodes the usage key for a task and the student s usage key.
Dumps the current configuration
Returns the content of the page to be implemented.
Return the build environment variable for the specified environment.
Given an address and port lookup the string corresponding to that address and port.
Returns True if the password regular expression description is not set.
Yield instance profiles
Runs the command line interface for the command line interface.
Return a string representation of the dot product of the expression
Update properties of an image.
Assert that the fake statusbar has the expected height and that the progress widget has the expected
Check if an item is a container.
Return an interval that ceil to 1 or 0.
Resolve a value s id to its string id.
Return a boolean if the result is different from num.
Returns a QuerySet of model instances that have been submitted for a certain time period.
Send end request to application.
Determine if the source file should be compiled or not.
Resumes the oneshot pause if it is less than or equal to pause end.
Return an ndindex that is the lower builtin of an array.
Copy query options object to the protocol buffer.
Add a pixel to the pixel table with a steepness value
Returns True if the module s config dict has changed.
Parse a file and return a patchset.
Run a unit test
Generate a set of random keys
Check the fgraph of a set of input specs.
get reader class by reader name
get information for one or more packages
Evaluate the poll poll poll poll poll poll poll poll poll poll poll poll poll poll poll poll
Add a certificate to the given store
Create a group snapshot
Detach a disk from a VM
distill an X PDF file to a new file.
Returns the page object for the request if it does not exist.
Returns the absolute path to the config file.
Test that the completer matches the identifier quotes in the text and that the completer matches
Calculates the length of the loop of a polygon.
wrapper for processutils. execute
Computes an interval confidence interval for a given point estimate and standard deviation.
Delete a task by name.
leave transaction management
Convert a number from a bcd to a decimal place.
Returns true if the user has access to the forum
Get the config file.
Assert that the inverse operator name is the same as the name of the inverse operator.
Read up to size bytes and return them as a string.
Validates that the test size is less than train size and that the test size is less
Returns a feed object. feed is either a dictionary of functions or a request. feed.
Get the constructor of an object.
Decode a string to the specified encoding.
Return the list of supported key exchanges.
Extract a snapshot of a disk
Returns the user profile for the given request. If the request. user is not authenticated the
Encode a file in base64.
lcm function
Flip axis multi - dimensional data.
Open the state of a pickle file.
Recursively walk a module tree.
Deletes the task from the database if the task configuration has changed.
Set the attributes of the given arguments.
Rebuild a string.
Check index arguments for invalid choices.
Log the user and password to the vm.
Format a message.
Write data to socket until expiration is reached.
Return a list of files in the git repository
Split a URL into a URL and a senv.
group by string then group by string then group by string then group by string then group by
The main entry point for the console script.
Return the index of a word in a list of words.
Create a temporary directory and return its path.
Redirect back a URL if the domain is in the source domain
Create an object in the database.
Return a dict of the fields that are not instances of str.
Return a single summary judment.
Return the end rec data.
Computes the log n of a number.
Fetch ext pillar data for a minion
Parse a string or string of tokens as an entity into a chunk object.
Load an image from a file.
Change working directory.
Downloads the specified files from the specified path. Returns the number of files downloaded.
Delete tags for a node or a resource
Make sure the URL is a paginated page.
count the number of strings in a given expression
Returns an auth entry for the specified username and password.
Returns a string representation of a playlist.
Get a short module name from a module name and an object name.
Calculate the rank of a string.
Sync the runners of the specified saltenv to the specified number of modules.
Make an indented string for a given size and part.
Return whether pause is on post processing or not.
In - place decimate the data in raw. data using the dec. info - co
Raises assertion error if an exception is raised by a context manager.
Yields chunks of xml.
Make a template from a filename and a list of root dirs.
Change rows or columns of a row or column - wise triangular array to zero.
print the rulesection of p
Decodes a string s according to the specified serializer and salt given as a base64 -
Returns the value of the cell with the specified name.
Returns a chain text with the first translator file name unmodified.
Plot a normal probability distribution.
Extract info from unpaired data.
Get the reason for the current step.
Plot the lines of the given params.
Load a private key
Convert a sequence of email addresses to a sequence of email addresses.
Return a config object for the named config. If the config object does not exist it is
Calculate the minimum interval of an array.
Handles the request. post and raises an exception if the request contains a command.
Assert that a policy has a shape.
Add a vector3 offset to a list of vertices.
Gets all cell instances
Decorator function to auto - import a module.
test fourier series square wave
Calculate the loss function for a triplet.
Solve the linear equation Ax = b.
Update the doc string for the current set of available plugins.
Serialize a timestamp as an HTTP date.
Adds new crud strings to response. s3. crud strings dict
This is a command for creating an addon.
Yields all of the spider classes in the specified module.
Save the probes to a file.
Return the summaries of all non private summaries.
Return the cudart library for the current platform.
Shuffles the split of validation according to the given labels.
cup a single file from an OTU file
Extract the summary line from a docstring.
Get the disk bus for the specified device type.
Check all cases.
Render a template.
Returns a list of the available scene seasons for the given indexer.
Parse an XML string and return an xml element.
Set the hash dbms.
Parse indented counters
Update a file or directory
Plot a set of detections for a class.
Converts a number to a hex string.
Runs the make files command.
Sort the items according to the given kind and position.
Draw a dendrogram of node and save it to filename
Adds the specified symbol to the list of symbols that are missing at the specified address.
Get the ref of a given repo
This is an asyncio coroutine.
Raises an AssertionError if expr2 is expr1.
Restore a shell context to its initial state.
Count the number of entries in a zip file.
Read cz lsm float pairs from file and return as list.
Insert text to the given cursor using the given format.
Create a new grep widget and search for text.
Insert x into a before the right of a.
Change the interactive mode.
Render a moder workflow using the specified template and js template.
Returns the level of the request.
Determine if the URL is from any of the given domains.
Make a directory struct.
Setup the device on the platform.
Test function that compare two source spaces.
Prompt the user to input a manual id.
\ Returns an iterator over the ngrams of each item in the sequence.
Check if the given language code is in the given locale path.
Returns a course info section module
Return a list of strings where each string is a hy integer.
Wrapper around masked conv coupling.
Apply class - style rules to an element of style.
exp safe version of numpy. exp
return a section name
If string is a string decode it with the given encoding. If string is a string decode
Write a graph as a dot file.
Ensure that the named service is present
Delete a parameter group.
Encode the given value with the given mapping.
Raise exception from the given arguments.
Run a parallel map providers query
Lock the given media list.
Returns a list of the installed package names that match the specified command.
Returns True if the config should be written False otherwise.
Initialize a configuration from a configuration dictionary.
Wrapper around run.
Parse httpbin. expected requests into a list of requests using bdd. parsers. parse
Commits the transaction.
Runs a task command with the given options.
Return a four byte id from the inet ptoi format.
shor a random number
Return virtual name if it exists otherwise return virtual name.
Format option value.
Finds all entry points of a system plugins entry point. Returns a list of entry points
Find all globals of a node and add the pattr to the globals of that node.
Computes the arc minutes of a number of degrees.
Given a list of user partitions return a list of user partitions that match the given user partitions
Make a table stub.
Show the contents of an AFF4 user.
Returns a new function that expands gridsize.
Validate the permissions of a node.
Test checkout flow authenticated by user.
Returns True if the file or directory at the given path exists False otherwise.
Update a volume type
Update response headers with new values.
Return a sorted list of the columns with the highest priority.
Open a response in a web browser.
Puts an ftp put command.
Link to user role.
Returns the string representation of a permission message.
Yields all the lexer classes that match the given name.
Return a random messageid
Perform replacements after preorder traversal of an expression.
scope for inception v3 parameters.
Returns True if text is valid False otherwise.
Return the resultant of a function f and g.
Reads the content of a text file and returns it as a string.
Update an existing port
Parses a type into a tuple of type and a boolean value and a boolean value.
Test case of norb.
Parse a string into a timedelta
Dump a certificate request to a memory buffer.
Computes the dot product of two arrays.
controller for s3 rest controller
Copy a file from a remote machine to a local machine.
Gives the grain for the given proxy
Process a set of proxies and log them in the log.
Get user info cookie data
Replace link relative links with linkrel.
Main network configuration script.
Load libzmq module.
Return the crafted text from the archive.
Check if entity is a mapped class.
setup task local
Compute cdlhangingman.
Download a URL to a file.
Resumes the scheduler at the given interval. If interval is greater than num pause end the
Return a changelog with the given initial hash and included upper bounds changeset at the given revision
infer function type
Returns the class name of an object.
Run the application.
require admin context
Load the context from an ast. Tuple or ast. starred value.
Return True if the request is a trusted ip.
test that bridge is the end of line
Checks the options to see if they match.
Set the HTTP response code and headers for the given blob size.
Joins the given paths with the given one.
Update the bond settings based on the given options.
Sanitize a filename.
Performs an HTTP request and returns the result.
Yields a list of all collections in a given service
Generate client login token.
Returns a link to the parent document of the topic.
Convert a sequence of bytes to a second nibb hex encoding.
Disable the warnings.
Get a scene exception by name multiple times.
Returns True if the module list is a valid course module list
Short line to long line in cdl format.
Returns a green string with the string representation of the Greetee.
Gets the path and point at least the length of the path and point.
Registers all the metadata models for the given engine.
Get a master event.
Strip whitespace from a URI.
Return a dict of all of the 4 interfaces in the system.
optimizer function for gemm no inplace.
Setup the logging module for the worker.
Make a generation hash for an object.
Add a constant to the builder.
Close the process. If the process is running an exception will be raised.
Create a fake cluster.
Add a delta to the request header and raise an exception if the delta is negative.
Check message extractors.
Returns a datetime. time object from a string containing the time in one of the formats.
Handles response in treeio login required format.
Returns the cumulative distribution of a given histogram.
Given a list of brands return a list of possible brands.
Checks if the type is string or not.
Get the service module name for a service model.
Sends a message to the authenticated user.
Find a header file in a given directory. If the file does not exist raise a value
Partitions an iterable into two elements according to the predicate pred.
Sanitize html id.
dynamic importer for dynamic imports
Crop a string to a certain length.
Enables or disables the specified server
Consume a decimal number into an int.
Process the given video files.
Ensure that the node is a collection or public.
Upgrade the schema of an SQL table.
Installs the given application in the whitelist.
Check if a sequence contains elements less than or equal to x.
Parse a range header.
Render a response using the current context.
Applies the given task to the database.
timer helper function
Parse the command line arguments.
A test for model. d.
Returns a list of the blobs in the storage management client
Return an iterator over the imgt records in the input file.
Converts a canonical path to a local path.
Convert a string to a boolean value.
Applies a set of variables to the provider facts
Format a file size into a human - readable string.
Return the number of nodes in the graph.
Add a new non blank subelement to xml. sub element parent. tag = tag.
Register a simple tag.
Calculates the relative frequency correction of the alpha values in a dictionary of values.
Return the number of hours in the given day.
Read a uint8 value from the specified size.
Launch the number of threads in the workqueue.
Check to see if an item was skipped.
Compute the sph harm.
Return a list of all the dirents in the provided buffer.
Convert a sequence of hex encoded strings to a sequence of hex encoded strings.
Create a figure instance.
Return the md5 hash of a file or none if the file does not exist.
Add a query item to the query string.
Given a payment method edit view and a service method edit view.
get course block counts
Load an object from an hdf5 file.
Returns the regex used to match the device address.
Get an HTTP expiry date.
Determine whether a set of elements conforms a partial ordering.
Returns a string representation of the binary of value with the given bits.
Convert a hdfs URI to a real path.
Computes r = num for each element in l
Set a configuration variable in the running script.
Return a list of users to remove from a notification subscription.
Determine if the lock file exists or if the lock file does not exist.
Split a generated file name into a tuple of strings.
core helper function for resource preview
Prints a string to the console with the class name and line number.
get objectparents sysmeta with prefix and key
Create an index from a list of query results.
Get the period names for a particular locale.
Return an iterator of gen bank cds features from a CDS file.
get the current working directory
Fetch ext pillar data for a minion
Format the region into a string.
Fills a list of strings into a new string.
Discretize a 1 - D distribution into a 1 - D distribution.
Annotate two HTML annotations.
Log statistics from ormcache
Determine the hash of a package commit
Calculates the center of a bounding box.
Unregister a node.
Check if a comment is at the start of the line.
window cached version of nerdtree
Return the number of seconds since the given timestamp in the given table.
Yields until the test stream is closed.
Test if a value is defined.
Perform a step of ssl required for an amino acid.
If array is an array of categories convert it to a categorical array.
Encode a value to a multipart format.
Returns a list of color values for a given preference name.
Get the path to the directory containing the crash information for a given host.
Generate a cache key for the request.
Create reg numbers.
Initialize and verify the type of the data store.
Test the scenario with hash within double quotes.
Generator for a normal distribution with a correlated normal distribution.
Splits the locale components.
Find the previous keyword in a SQL string.
Dump data every thread into memory and profile it.
Determine the release name.
Parses the command line arguments and prompt the user for password.
Call talib with ds. count using talib. ma.
Finds the indentation of the given node.
Update a namespace in the database.
Drop log stats from a list of log - stats.
Find the gui and the backend for the gui passed in.
Get qiime temp dir
Create a replication group.
Check if this is the default state for this node.
Set the context of the media player.
Run a command and return its output as a string.
Returns a new set of nodes from the given iterable where each node is a set of nodes
Install the pre releases of a package finder.
Returns true if arg has a method that matches the given method.
Return a string representation of the time in a human readable format.
Render the current block.
List products.
Gets the list of changes in a project.
Get the maximum number of network slots in the system
Returns a list of all clients in the index.
Return the crafted text from the archive.
test flattener layer state separation for conv layer.
Return information about the distro release.
Calls the tadm executable with the given arguments
Assert that an exception is raised by the given callable.
Redirect to url with parameters
Find child elements by local name
Update host filter with data.
Remove initial data.
Return a tuple of the bare error string
Assign new values to the given locals.
Assert that the text is the same as the expected one.
Return n + julian offset
Load meta sources
Return an attribute of obj if environment is sandboxed otherwise return an attribute of obj.
Returns a tuple of strings for the crontab info
Manage the mode of the minion.
Returns a dict with zmq enums in the form of a list of strings.
if x is a dummy array
Return a matrix with roll vector along specified axis.
Fetch a file from a URL.
Set the value of the urlconfs. value attribute.
Add the filename and line no and func name to the list of records.
Encode a mirror URL.
scope for the lenet task.
Function to open an rst file for a module
Format the string representation of a job instance into a dictionary.
Split text on newlines.
Given a baseline and a dictionary of baseline and a dictionary of dates overwrite the values of the
Yields all revctrl entry points in the specified directory.
Converts a latitude to a zone number.
Require a context manager to use an ip address in a virtual interface.
Get boolean value from dictionary default if not found
Return a list of activities from groups the given user is following.
Connect to the cloud HSM layer1.
Extrude a set of files.
Returns the similarity score between obj1 and obj2.
Run tests from a module.
Returns a list of strings with the string representation of the current time in the specified format.
remove universal flags
Handles the login process.
Run a setup script in the specified directory.
Main module entry point.
Highlight a list of faces and save the result to a file.
Return a list of national number groups using the given formatting pattern.
do scp create
Returns a random tweet
Convenience wrapper around defer. deferred.
Get the size of the windows
Concatenates a list of strings.
Set the values of the xy colors of the light.
Get the active config key.
List the incidents for the current user.
Change the status of an activity
Lift the repository and update the idletasks.
Yield the album with the given id.
get request audit info
Get the cluster manager.
mounts the cgroups
Save a model to a file.
Read a cached file and update the cache info.
Detect and return the number of supported devices.
testing. requires testing data
Load the media library.
Set video aspect ratio.
Make sure sys. stdout and sys. stderr are open.
Check if a path is added.
Get the amount of disk usage of the logs directory.
Return True if the given header name is part of the given hop name.
Return a Series of floats greater than zero.
Calls the function fn and returns the value of the specified variable.
Convert the given value to a string.
Builds the server configuration from the values specified in the config file.
Get a new meta repository.
Returns a dict of signals and their associated values.
Python 3 expression 7. 0 - > expression 7. 0 - > expression 7. 0
Append a value to a variable in make. conf
Return the number of bytes piped from stdin or none if the stdin is a tty.
test for 6 rgb values
Group the tokens in a token list by the order of the tokens in the token list.
Returns a new object with the values of the vars of a and b.
Convert the value to an int and then to a string.
Returns a chain text with the first translator file name unmodified.
Add a suffix to a filename.
Return a list of the available images
optimizer function for elemwise source functions
Get a scanner for a device domain.
Check if a directory is absent
Make width property setter.
Get a notification service.
Return a list of all known settings.
Returns the tolerance for the given item code.
Starts a web server for the given ip and port.
Returns the version number of the init file.
Attempt to return static files from settings. static url + path.
Test hist flush and store stdout
Update a security group
Calculates the fib of n if n == num else returns num if n == num
Recursively resolve all values in an object.
Returns the gradient of the ridge penalty.
Returns the cwd of a process.
check if result is an instance of func
test that requires the application to be installed.
Create a config parser from a config file.
Create a new location for a particular block of a particular type.
Get a random range of values between a and b.
Escape a string.
This function is used to show a series of commands. It is used to show a series
Remove the current thread from the WSGI application if it is unproxied.
Get the timestamp from a URL.
Return a list of the names of the active virtual machine
test knn fit
Create a new snapshot of a group.
Adds the suffix to the cache key if the request is in the current language.
Get the long description.
Decorator to set a global profile hook function. num is the number of the number of
Return a numpy matrix of eye of n.
Return a list of dup quo grounds.
Converts a string to a unicode string
Fits an image to a pixel with a given width and height.
Saves the given facts to the given file.
if the object has a virtual environment then return the virtual environment name.
Get a badge for a particular user in a course.
Yields all the tracebacks in the log files.
Get the abstract of a particular section div.
Display an image in the terminal.
Splits an iterable into chunks of a certain size.
Return the phrase extent of head token.
Check if the value of a named variable is greater than a given value
Returns a list of fields in JSON format.
Check to see if a subnet group exists.
Run migrations online.
Return a slice tuple for a random slice of a given shape.
Parse the given data using the specified parser.
Assert that the unit test in the database is up - to - date.
Computes the error between two AMPs.
Returns a dictionary of args and kwargs with the value of the arg.
Check the weights of the network for a given number of components and raise a value error if
Joins a path into a single string.
Parses a response into a file - like object.
Return a float n. If n is not a number return none else return a float n
Returns the URL to delete a comment.
Create a verbose label for a model field and a lookup field.
Returns the string representation of the given date.
Execute a apf command and return its output.
List ps info.
Delete an option group
Plays a sound file.
Wrapper for request. route path.
Disconnect the client from the socketio server.
Gets the files for the given addon guids.
Reconstructs the URL from the environment.
Raises an AssertionError if the output does not contain text.
Parse a Vault id argument and return a key vault id.
test function for curvelinear test.
Split the craft sequence.
Compute the cartesian coordinates of the altaz nodist in a test frame.
Check update with no data
Create a py. io. terminal writer.
Return True if obj has a parent of basepath.
Plot conf logical time series.
Strip the common indent from the given list of lines.
Update the location of a provider.
Get a container view
Load a library.
Displays the command line interface for the command line interface.
Create a response object with headers body and status code.
Sends a notification of all the badges that the user has made for the certificate.
Match flag.
Writes the release line to the log file.
required that the user is not authenticated.
Get the output of a gcode text.
route for products
Saves the desc message
Handle an awful failure.
Render a product with the given locale code and require the product to be visible.
Sends the given message to the given HTTP connection. If the message body is a string
an Generic one - way method that computes the distribution of the mean and variance of the
Check whether a unit s population day and population day are at the same time
This is a test for the atciqd_aticq functions to be used
Returns the volume type qos specs associated with a volume type id.
Cancel API calls.
return the number of windows of length m on buffers of length n
receiver function to update the download box when the node is published.
Unlink all the properties of the given rc object.
Return a list of widgets sorted by their index.
Determine if we re running in a Gae environment.
Computes the maximum mutual incoherence between all points in x relevant and
expect warnings.
Get the metadata from a PDB file.
Attempt to convert a string or number to an int. If the string cannot be converted return
Print the ACL of a bucket.
Return the default storage router for the application.
Add a null handler to the root logger.
Match request to s3db. req.
Raise response error by echoprint.
Return the index of the first occurrence of a key in a sorted list.
Create a base cipher from the given parameters.
Re - raise a new exception with the same value and trace as the original exception.
Assert that the two strings are equal.
Returns a list of payment provider portals
Create an embedded plot.
port in paper out.
global gcount = gcount + num
Convert a CFArray to a list of values.
Given an element node and a prefix and a tetragrid return the tetrag
Translate an option string using the longopt xlate function.
Run the tests for the prompt.
Determine the class to use.
Returns the volume type for the given volume id.
Push changes to the git repository.
Returns the blueprint route for the given compute resource volume.
Return a list of arguments to pass to interpreter flags.
Convert package data paths to absolute paths.
Restart a configuration file. Returns the restart of the configuration file.
Shortcut for an http connection. Returns a tuple of the parsed URL and the connection object
Return the precess from the elliptical crystal in the j 2000
Get all quota by project
Recursively merge two dicts
Filter the attenuation of the signal h with the given freq and gain.
Simplify the given function graph in - place.
Join a list of strings into a single string.
Create a new tensor type that has float x type.
Compute the kinetic energy of the time series.
Return a new set of elements that are the intersection of two sets.
Profile a function.
Convert an array to a given dtype.
Get a key for a matrix.
Returns a list of ip address validators for the given protocol and unpack ipv4.
Remap an element from a list or tuple using the map function.
Return the list of environments on the master
Returns True if stdin is ready other.
Delete empty folders
Replace strings in a locale.
Multiply a time - domain Fourier transform with another time - domain Fourier transform.
get dict from obj. dict
Return whether the specified module should be skipped.
Create a file client if it doesn t already exist
Compress a KMZ file into a string.
Joins the user in the specified group.
Return True if the salt is virtual False otherwise.
Format the given time as an ISO 8601 string.
Check if an object is a tool load error.
a = all = fieldvalues all = fieldvalues all = fieldvalues all = fieldvalues
Compare a language list with another one.
Load the data from a file and load it into a numpy. recarray
Calculates the roots and weights of a gen roots and weights.
A safe zip function that only checks the length of the argument list and raises a value error
Create a dummy model extension for testing.
A with - contextmanager that exits each manager in a nested context.
Writes the given value to the given port.
Convert ec2 id to ec2 id
global siteurl global siteurl
Apply a function to match groups.
Refreshes the scores of the test database.
Remove empty bridges.
leave transaction management
Get a gcode text without the corresponding mcode text.
Determine if a rectangle is small enough for a pair of points.
Runs the plugin and handles the redirect and restarts.
Uploads a container or a local file to a container.
Make a directory and its parents.
Test if color image unsupported error.
Runs a sudo command and preserve the environment arg if user is specified.
Validate the actions in the target dict.
Computes the glorot normal vector.
Replace a newline with a copy of the margin.
Returns a JSON response containing the javascript files for the given urls.
XOR the key in buf with i. e. the value of the key in key.
Split a list of frags at the end of each line.
Truncate a string to a certain length.
Force a string to be unicode.
Converts a URI location to a URL.
Check if the given info uses the accelerate fix function.
Render the node s Tex information using the dot function.
Computes the difference between two images
Function to get a list of comments for a node.
Get a user for a given token and scope.
Strip HTML from string or iterable.
Run the hg hook for the given node in the repo.
Returns True if the command is virtual False otherwise.
route function for reviewing user and version.
Get verbose lookup of an expression
Assert that num is a numpy array of the same shape and type as num.
Returns the first level directory of the given path.
Attach the given values to a volume.
Get the unique vertices in the vertex dictionary.
Prints the devices and their interfaces.
Returns the class of an object if it is a string else returns the type of the object
Get an option for a given method.
Find the absolute solution of a certain symbol.
Test if the current platform requires the test functionality of the application.
Display a message and ask the user for yes or no answer. Returns True if the message
Returns the limit param of the request.
Convert the http response to a response dict.
Perform a git pull.
Return the number of ctids that are available
Wrap a socket in an ssl object.
Log the successful login.
Parse the total storage limit into an int.
Test a numpy random number generator.
Run database migrations offline.
Retrieve the email preferences model for a user.
Returns LaTeX from html.
Returns a list of versions of the specified protocol modules.
Add a certificate to the cart for the specified user and return the payment data.
Delete notification count for a specified type.
Evaluate one or more annotations.
Returns True if the value is a simple type.
Scale the given image to the given side length.
Log a query count.
Make a simple block of a sequence of values with a specified dtype.
Return the integer iddr ainginginginging k.
Get the ID of a template
Get the remote ip address of a request meta
Send the first batch of the given query to the socket.
Returns the home directory of the environment or none if the environment is not available.
Computes a hash of the specified conda packages.
Check if a file is a text file.
Get the active view of a child frame.
Check if a point is close inline
Convert an integer to a long.
Check that the lowercase object is valid.
Truncate fasta sequences
Checks for spacing between strings.
common ldap initialization method
Check the vrouter configuration
Memoize version number.
Add devices to the vera platform.
translate a string to a unicode string
Compute the self similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors.
Format a number of bytes to a human - readable string.
Serialize a Python data structure into a pickle - compatible data structure.
Returns True if the request has the specified permission.
Recursively get prototype values from a dictionary of protparents.
get or create user list
Runs all the packages in the given list of packages to run.
Test label consistency.
Return the dipy version.
Compute the md5 shard of a word.
Return the mro of cls if cls is a class else return the mro of cls
Takes a sample of rows from the database and profiling them each time n times.
Setup a specific platform for Zig bee light.
Unquote the slashes in the text.
Return True if the salt is virtual False otherwise.
Set the trimpoints in the sff file.
Create an annotated table based on selected indices.
require admin context for volume type access
Renders a mobile template for the given addon.
Create a virtual pool
Test that a file is not in the format of another file.
Encrypt the data with Ohdave RSA encrypting.
Create a fake k.
Assert that the data in a table has the same header as the data in the header.
Delete a volume metadata entry.
Parse the fingerprint and nickname from an input string.
Concat maybe a list of tuples.
Increase the retention period for a stream.
Parse a string according to an RFC8601 formatted time. Returns a datetime. time object.
Returns the number of active website users in the database.
Split a path into a list of strings
shift input to the left by the specified number of times the specified number of times the specified
Get the label for a given revision.
Returns relativee relative to basepath relativee.
Decode a timestamp to a timestamp tuple.
Returns True if the given file path is hidden.
Runs the given command and returns its output.
Test case of the io package.
Get the current status of a job
Creates a new enum object
Add or update a module repo in one or more repos.
Return True if the system is virtual False if the system is not virtual
physical information packet.
Return the correct answer for a geometry and atoms.
Return whether the machine is virtual.
Validate the bitmap value.
Return a list of tile coordinates for the given iht o with the specified number of tiles
Returns a list of words with the + num suffix and the - num suffix.
Return whether the locale is in the available locale list.
Strip site theme templates from uri
Copy a file from a remote URL to a local directory.
Returns True if the lists l matches the token lists r.
Coercing fill value to int32
Return the crafted text from the archive.
Read a 4 byte integer from f and raise an error if the number is different.
Returns a list of package ids that match the given package name.
Get the filename of the executable and standard library.
Return a list of items with the two active items in the history.
Generate a random integer id.
Sorts the file system entries in the test directory.
Return the apparent position in true coordinates.
Escape a string.
Given a subnet id describe its properties and explicit route table.
Ensure that the distance is within the marginal range of dist. Raise spatial error if
Format the x axis according to the given frequency.
Run the trainer and print the results.
Encode a sequence of values with the given mapping.
Return True if the object is a tree.
mock ec2 test method
Assert that the gcrs frames are in the same distance from the input frame.
Returns the local name of the attr.
Escape a script string.
Get a new repository
Extract a member from a zip file.
Computes the term term term term term term term term term term term term term term
Reads a file - like object and returns it as a raw string.
Register a function as a formatter.
Return a list of ne chunk objects from a list of sentences.
Returns a string representation of a context dictionary.
Get a class by its name from a module.
Transform the locks of an XML document.
Create an orm from the left and right parts of the query.
No testtools skip decorator.
Return a list of all of the members of a list.
Recursively expand the inputs and outputs of a rule.
require post subscription to log in to the log - in page. If the log - in
Get a sensors notification service.
Test if the fill string is not equal to the length of the string.
Get the node zones
Validates a bucket name and raises a value error if it doesn t match.
test pendulum angular momentum
Get an entity group by a reference.
Add a weights regularizer.
constructor for shape - left padding
Check if the machine is an x64 architecture.
Generate a random data with n epochs times and n tapers.
Connect callback to application finalize.
Generate a cookie secret using uuid4 and uuid4
Calls jsonrpc call and prints the stats.
Returns the number and the json dictionary for the specified vt key
Decode str and printout it.
dense orth.
deep copy some keys from a dict
Coerce a path to a filesystem bytes or text.
Compute the permutation test score for an estimator
Update a file with a given value.
Context manager for expect warnings.
Open an open file descriptor from a slave terminal or terminal.
Runs the script pip command with a double install.
Assert that the world s absorb method is called with the same arguments as world. abs
Cache permission function.
Returns the URI from the argument. If argument is none raise value error and return the URI
Check the reference name format.
provide worker fake entries
Make a histogram from a list of values.
Converts a string representation of a signal to a string representation of a signal.
Create an instance of the script.
Make sure the minion is virtual
Return a copy of a dict where the keys and values are all of the same length.
intersect trust region
Expand variables in a path.
A test function that join two nodes together.
Parse gff attributes from string
Restore a backup
Add links to the summary config.
Return a sorted dict of the value after the arg.
Make daily promotions.
Extract ids from a list of strings.
Get the indices of the part nodes of a fragment.
Write a table of masked values with html fill values.
boot straps in an array
Convert an index to one.
Create a new dashboard
Coerce a value into an int or raise an error.
Fits the instance cell with pinning
Stores the current namespace of the run line in the magic file
Starts a test context manager.
static function that handles django static files
Check if two variables are the same graph with merge of var1 and var2.
Function to test if the sample string is the same as the sample string.
Returns a list of request states.
Calculate the CRC32 of a string.
Get the type loader for the specified module and version.
Return a list of nictags
Takes a list of lists and returns the toposort of the list.
Prints a course to the console with the course s id
Load a template from the template library.
Inverse of the erf function.
Performs an HTTP PUT request for the specified URL.
Revokes an approval.
Return True if x is an integer like x.
Given a set of matches return the maximum and minimum present probabilities for each group of matches.
Ensure text is a unicode string.
Convert a native array to a list.
Return the entries published in a queryset.
Re - initialize the type system.
Render a single page.
Tries to convert val to str and if it fails it will raise a validation error.
Get the latest episode of a series
Converts x into a sequence if x is a sequence.
Test ica reject buffer.
Given a struct t and a list of types return the string format of the fields in the
Parse stories from a text file.
Get the ABI tag of the current Python interpreter.
List all the floating ips
saturate a color by a percent.
Get API method for a given resource path and http method.
Create prefix notification.
Create a CLI for the click. command function.
Send an Slack message with the return data
Get the backing memorymap of an object.
Load a subclass of the specified distribution for the specified platform.
Converts the given string to the corresponding unicode character and replaces it with the given string.
Remove a file or a symlink
Call this function and raise a stub error if the function is not defined.
Get request ip
Return the status of the named service.
Change t to 1. 0.
Get the max name width for a given list of service names.
Configures BGP using given file.
test if i. core. completerlib import try import assert import str
Runs a unit test while setting the flag to false.
Kill an image
Register a string as an editing mode.
Create a policy in the named load balancer.
Handle the response format for treeio login required
equate points to the geometry output.
Return a dictionary describing the given data.
Sign a timedelta value.
Convert a string of bytes to a long.
Get the datastore type for the current application.
Calculate the block average above a point in a 2D array.
Write the chain text with noun message.
List all the resource pools for this VMware environment
Find the type of a given subscription
Render http response s content.
Returns the HMAC - SHA256 digest of the given key and etag.
Yield tuples of label name groups data color order
Check if the man name matches the number of features in the system.
Register a simple tag bootstrap theme URL.
Returns True if the group has any volumes that are attached or with snapshots False otherwise.
Returns the specified storage engine.
Safely get a design by id or type.
Perform an aggregate on a list of items and a column. Returns the number of items in
View a twitter account with the given names.
Translate a string to a common pattern.
Register a new config for a particular peer.
Check that the user is logged in and has the required rename transcripts.
Get all the models in the specified list of app labels.
Returns the configured reply function or None if the reply function is not set.
Cleans the string for a given IAM name.
Check if the given path is a reparse point.
Generate an MD5 hash of the password.
Take a log and ignore it.
Returns a list of all remote methods in the specified namespace
Return a tuple of attempts date and matches for a given ticket.
Re - initialize the policy from the given file.
Add a zone slave to a master device.
Runs the dcos test
Take a list of values.
Make a valuation from a list of concepts.
test empty latest listing
Splits a line of text into words.
Handles response format for treeio login required and admin required modules.
Collect the column names from a dict of column specs.
Raise a runtime error with the given where condition.
Calculate the bridge direction.
Process a process with a device.
test function that prints the min informative str.
Loads a configuration from a given storage type.
Remove packets from a monchannel.
Format whois info into a human - readable string.
Create or update tool dependency objects.
Log information about the given infomsg.
Create a new flowgram file.
Calculates the age of a given date.
Create a new b -> sha - b -> sha - b of the given name with the
Check if the required version of boto3 is virtual.
Converts an expression into a list of clause in the form of a function call.
Return True if value is less than arg.
Export the given databook to a document.
Get the usage of the bw usage for a service uuid
Returns the mathml representation of the expression
Registers the language info.
Convert an unsigned integer to a string.
step command output should contain text multiple times.
get element node by its key
A with - contextmanager that old sys. stdout and sys. stderr
Delete an event
Compare two objects o1 and o2 and assert that o1 and o2 are close
Plot unit points.
Parse a list of hosts
Get retention policy by name.
Determine whether or not a mock backend is configured.
Parse string response and return host and port
Start a VM
Checks that the given fields are valid
This is a unit test function that uses the input and output formatter functions to convert the request
Returns the diff between two pipeline definitions.
Return the absolute path to the file with the specified filename.
Return the distance between location and gcode.
Read style files in a directory and return a dictionary of parameters.
Computes the factors product.
Get a list of media.
Function to detect peaks in a 2D array.
Returns a list of all of the objects of a given type.
Get the information of an image
Generate the CRC16 table.
indents a given string to the specified width.
Create fake data
Moves a shots.
Check that the user has the required HTTP methods.
Returns a response containing the settings for the specified request.
Return the tag associated with the given node.
Create a new head at the specified path.
stub the symlink at the given path.
bench r7.
Calls the command with the given arguments and raises an error if the cmd is none.
Remove line breaks from the end of a string.
Calculate the sparse categorical cross entropy.
Query the docstring of the work identified by id.
Compute an image from an array of raw data.
Create a file or a directory at the given path.
The main entry point for the Treebank client script.
Calculate the square root of a cumulative distribution.
Delete a config file.
Create a middleware function for the given application and global configuration.
Builds a request type.
get barcodes as a numpy array
Takes a request dict and a request dict and verifies that the request dict matches the
Send an openwindow to the given object.
Create a cache cluster.
Return whether or not the cache may be used.
Returns a string representation of the symbol at index i
Remove items from the blacklist.
Generate a list of strings.
Creates a new token store for the specified file.
Computes the power of one vector with the power of other vector.
Generate a random string
Call the log function associated with the result of the previous log handler.
Commits the transaction.
Compute the md5 hash of a resource.
Create a new channel for a client.
Create click. command.
Format the serial number of a field.
Find the last time that was last used in the utmp file.
Returns the string representation of the updated changeset revision.
Recursively get all attribute names of an object.
Computes the eigenvectors of the graph g.
Return the value of the wangyzin reg.
generator for streaming change of a namespace.
Make a graph of desargues.
Close the connection to the database.
Determine the sockets in the given address space.
Returns the intersection of two sets.
Convert to fixed ori.
wrap x into m - m where m is a number between 0 and m where m is
Imports a library from its XML representation.
Returns the string representation of the desired package name
redirect to an arbitrary URL with the same scheme as the specified URL.
Get the value of a dictionary.
if enabled is virtual return string else return str
Status enes Section 9. 2. 7. 1
Tokenize a string and return the inner token.
Return a grains cache
REST level for s3
Locate web server path
Returns the cached dfs serialize of an object.
Delete a file or directory.
Filter the preconditions of the given classes.
shared constructor for scipy. sparse. spmatrix
expression of p expression where num is the negative of p.
test quartiles.
Clean the setting value if it s a hidden setting.
Return the number of translation of an object. n is the number of objects to return.
Install a flocker for a set of nodes.
Assert that the process never started.
Raises an AssertionError if first is second.
Delete an object softly.
Recursively urlencode a value.
Invalidate module pricing cache
Returns a list of regions to use
Return a string representation of a column header.
Compute the entropy of a vector.
p statement assign s to num
Strip the dedent from the node text.
Registers a bundle with the given name
Generate a random hash of a given number.
Match the file to the end of the input string if the input string matches the pattern.
Display the command line options for the application.
Find the repeat index in an array.
Call the default guessit function for the given string.
Create a fake run hubcmgr.
Return True if the element is at the start of the body.
Get old package revision license ids
Setup a colormap.
Add a scalar summary to the given activation tensor.
Returns a list of objects associated with a given category.
Decorator to append a volume class to the register.
Find the start of a score matrix.
Returns a force - quoted version of a URL.
A wrapper for subprocess. Popen that will sleep for a certain number of times.
Update the download we failed to download.
exp function to convert a signed integer x to a power - of - m power - of
Update a gecos instance with a new value
Print an error message to stderr.
Parses the given media and returns a boolean value.
Test raw data.
Unpack a file from link. url without fragment.
Sends a message and resizes it.
Filter a repository by the latest downloadable changeset revision that has missing tool test components
Parse a URL to a unicode string.
Perform a Gth solve step of the jit algorithm.
Update a resource.
Convert a resource record set to a resource record set.
Return True if the salt is virtual False otherwise.
Clears all the task instances associated with the given dag ids
Get the frontend url
Show the text of a text line with the given index.
Returns an error if the user has not completed the course.
Get device pointer attribute.
testing. requires testing data
Get a list of processes in the KDBG memory.
Returns a snake - cased version of a string.
Returns the json from a requests. Response.
Get the intersection of x in a list of tables.
Insert an axis into the string for a specified axis.
Returns a list of all projects in the config.
Check if two files are the same
Method that will be called when the callback method is called.
Print each element of the sequence to its original representation.
Returns the current theme for the current request.
Read all the keys in a registry.
Get the list of scheduler events for the specified event.
Get a list of all available services.
The main function of the kernel.
Check if the field name is in data fields. If not raise a value error.
Format the config header with the current time.
Fetch the tool versions from the registry.
Create a new record with cap polygons and cap circle values in the element at the specified location
Callback function to log client info.
Find and load a template from the template cache. Returns a tuple of template path and type
PAGING REQUEST TYPE 2 Section 9. 2. 1
Get the version file name
Export a databook to a JSON file.
Get the schema for a given action db.
Estimate from a log ais vector and ais weights.
Checks that the definition types follow the definition types
Returns the node state of the given id
format device to string
Converts a web. http error value to a string.
Return the md5 hash of a file or none if the file does not exist.
Parse the full app id from the environment domain name and display app id.
Detach a zone
Encrypts the given data with the given key.
Returns a list of storage accounts.
Write an invalid meta ipac table
Create a symlink at the specified location.
Generate a random number.
Checks if number of jobs is less than or equal to num.
Read a link from a file
Get the current logging level.
Parse a list of key - value pairs into a dict.
Loads the show list from the db
Run the repo check write command and return the output.
Send a key.
helper function for mkdirlockfile. mkdir lock file
Add a schema entry.
Decodes a string according to a function.
Converts a date to a datetime.
Create a offset - center transform matrix.
Print the test job.
Find a resource by name or id
Compute eigenvalues and eigenvectors of a aligned array.
Determine if the environment variable should profile development or production.
Validate string length.
Escape the value.
Returns a list of tuples where the first element is the string and the second element is the
Registers a class at the specified type URL.
Returns the string representation of the given date.
Format a IPv6 address into a string.
Parse the assigned metadata from a CSV file.
Check if the request host is in the whitelist.
Deletes the specified user from the database. Returns True if the user was deleted False otherwise
Returns an HTML response containing the required widgets for a treeio login.
Returns True if virtual else False.
Registers a function that can canonicalize the given value.
Returns the last argument of the byref.
Generates the translations for the given item.
Check if a graph is a threshold graph.
Get the account id from a trail arn.
Calls talib. cdlpiercing.
Assert that an event is of the same type as datasource type. done.
update vmx path
Return a set of unit names to be used in a system call.
Return the schemata of a given schema.
Force exit the specified event.
Evaluate a function with a parallel polynomial and return the result.
Context manager to enable or disable the proxy context manager when the context manager exits.
p struct or union specifier 1 if t is not a struct or union specifier 1 if t
Return an array of the given shape and type as a ctypes array.
Construct a filter query from a set of arguments
REST controller for s3
Convert a dictionary of lookups into a dictionary of URL parameters.
Process the assets of a command.
Update the machine dict.
Prints an error message and exits with the given exit code.
Returns True if the specified device ismounted False otherwise.
Check if a string is virtual
Check if a segment is in an intersection
Print available languages.
Convert rads to radsec.
Return a string literal that maps to the value of t. value.
Returns the evidence URL for the given user id and course key.
Update the keyhint and update the keyhint with the expected text.
set p to zero
Scale a number to a value between inlow and outlow.
return the ids of the request s task i. e. the ids of the request s
Returns the user detail if the user is not active and if the user is not permission to
Returns the cell rule with the specified operator.
Returns a list of directory names for the given directory name.
Convert a document class to an entity schema.
Remove an image from a container.
Get float value.
Return a list of nodes that match the specified options
Sample from a mixture of pred weights pred means pred std.
View for treeio login required for currency.
Checks if the code is old or new
definition of type p.
Group function for flask bb. group
identity response packet
Resolve the value of x and return it. If x is not a pdf returns a default
Connect to identity loaded signal.
Returns True if the config file is valid False otherwise.
Count the number of records in a file.
Install the package into the pgi repository
Return a deferred that fails with the given result.
Delete the info cache for an instance.
Prints out equality preds.
List repos in apt sources. list.
Return a list of test suite objects for the given text file in the specified directory.
Fetch an option from the configuration
Return a boolean indicating if the condition is true.
Add a random mac to anonymization of the given interface.
Format the given arguments to a human - readable string.
Change the system state of the given action.
Redirect to the create view of the specified root.
a b c d in interval m where a b c d are to be the interval field
require that the user be logged in and have the required http methods
Test 2d cross - product
Get support mail.
Attempt to parse a string into an attribute of a date object. If the string cannot be
Returns an ISO 8601 representation of a datetime object.
Computes the threshold value of a bayes var.
Read a value from an RLE file.
Compute a node by host and nodename.
test category links plugin with customer groups
Splits a string into a list of integers.
Sets the power state.
Close a tilt entity.
Extract a list of parameter name - value pairs from a list of parameters.
Pct to an integer.
Check if an object is a file
Get images table.
upscale an image by ratio.
poly lc function
Concat xml files.
Check whether a function is channelwise.
daemonize if this is a daemon
Add a command to the protocol.
Get all the audit log entries in the log file.
Assert that each string in the module is an instance of the class.
Return a dictionary of system metadata to image metadata.
Stops a running command. Returns a boolean indicating whether the command should stop or not.
Return a string representation of the specified job
Start a new thread.
Get port from a device
Create a sleep event for the specified duration.
Calculate the average temperature in the base temperature.
Get the sheet thickness of an element node.
Test stockwell API.
always yes
Read strings from a file and remove strings that start with str
Creates a client for use with the block storage backend.
Converts a datetime to a float representing its ordinal representation.
test for pi
Returns an error that requires csrf token to be present in the response.
Create a new category from a sequence of bits.
Get the name of the renewal file for a given lineagename.
Returns a list of all collectors.
Returns the number of GPUs in the system.
Returns a list of absolute paths to plugin packages.
Renders an exception view for the given client.
Write complex128 data.
Expand column list from order by.
Fit an enn fit sample with indices
Check if a topics exists.
Sort the input iterator by a batch of elements.
Get the commit date for the given commit id.
Find the release date source for a given component.
Returns a connection to mail backend
Gets the current seed
Run a test schema check in the requirements file.
Displays a warning if the request. method == str is the same as the specified method
Delete a draft from the user s account.
Run a test suite with the given test suite.
Inserts a new record into the database. Returns the newly inserted record.
get viewport m = m + m
Update a port
Generates a random salt of specified length.
Reads the number of file changes in a directory.
Run a single step schedule and assert its learning rate is equal to the current learning rate.
Check if an image exists
Parse a string of text into a tree of module names.
Raise raised arguments.
Normalize a version string.
Register a simple tag for a crispy addon.
hide the specified attributes from obj. dict if obj is not none.
Acquire the global lock.
Initializes the module and returns it.
This is a class decorator for commands that need to be run.
Converts a sequence of attachments into a sequence of attachments.
Open an error resource.
xobj = xobj. c1 = c1. c2 = c2.
Returns True if the confirm time is greater than the confirm time limit.
Sends all messages in the queue until all messages are sent or the queue is empty.
Install a list of packages.
Check that the setup. py is in the setup. py of the setup. py of
This is a test that passes if the passed string is not a table.
Recursively scan a directory and subdirectories.
Calculate the total volume of an inv item.
Prints a list of queries to the console.
Return a list of zero vectors corresponding to the ground u.
Registers a function that returns the document path in the context with the given extension.
Test the scenario with inline comments.
Set a human resource controller
Finds the absolute path to a file in the given app.
Return the endpoint address of an address in a memory map.
Makes a tmpdir for the fixture and sets it as the confdir.
Return the content parents of the given set of items.
Returns a list of datasets the user is following.
Add a batch axis to a new variable.
Prints a random text of cuckoo logos and prints it to stdout.
Split port into host and port.
Clone a repo.
split the provision into version and version
Replaces or append the policy data to the policy file.
Return a pair of parts of source that match the specified bracket.
List the teams in a profile
Display a person s note
Gets the contents of the current privs of the current process.
Set CORS middleware defaults.
Yields all files with the given suffix in the given base path.
Show the weights of a given model at a given path.
Convert naive timestamp to UTC.
Expects a course key to be a valid user in the settings. json file.
Extrude a file with the given filename.
Get a batch notification listener.
Adds a layer of num outputs to the classifier.
A test for the prefix of the given table.
Check if the given path is a list view.
test gemini v1. 2
Raise an exception if an extra argument is not expected.
Unwrapped ball.
Make a 2D grid from x1 and x2 where x1 and x2 are
Returns a list of values for the given keys.
Extract small values from an array of strings.
Assert that the response is equal to the given status code and body.
Unescape a command.
Initializes the module.
Find an image and extract its kernel and initrd
Assert that the expression of e is the same as the expression of e.
Remove any refct call from a basic blocks.
Add checksums to a glacier request.
Converts a list of numbers or strings into a color list of strings.
Try to catch a request and return a tuple of the try and the exception if one of
Pull an image
Check that the schema of the ensure list csv is the same as the schema of the ensure
Stop the reactor and print the result.
Create a vbd
Remove modules from a list of modules.
Compares two filenames. Returns True if the file is newer than the one passed in.
when a string is in a file parse it and open it in a new window.
Convert a document id to sentiment json
Ensure that the named user does not exist
Merge folder between src and dst.
Test description on long named feature.
try to find a package in the registry
Updates the universe to the given id or symbols
Return the other endian of the given type.
nearest to specified axis and depth
Print the confusion matrix.
Convert a list of items to a dict.
Get all EIP addresses.
Dumps a function object to a pickle file.
Unpack numpy array
Return the blank line.
Notifies the specified message in the specified topic.
Delete a VM
read a config file and return a dict
Extend an existing salt. utils. extend. run.
Return True if func is True then True otherwise False.
Group a stream by a particular object.
Return a short string.
Get the index of the closest point to the given point.
Get the indent word of the source code.
Converts datetime to timestamp.
Return a selection of feature features from a list of documents.
Return a list of floating IP addresses
Adds a boolean to the context if we re in debug mode.
Check if an address is included in the network.
Get oauth settings from the database.
Add an entry to the list.
Combine parts into one string with whitespace.
Adds a random variable to the jitter envelope of a position.
Check if the current process is frozen.
Builds html and latex for all pages.
Computes a calibration matrix.
Calculate the mean rank of the data.
Run markdown from file.
loglike ar1 log likelihood
Assert that the list of words in the string is the same as the list of words in
Import a file into the store.
Convert a string to a slug.
Return a test suite for the given module.
Creates a lixian tasks extended links command
Render a template to a string.
Get the library directories for the given configuration.
Create UDP header.
Swap two rows in matlist at a given index.
Print a progress message by progress string.
Shows the error message in the error context.
Return a copy of target where target is the floor of mat.
Gets the concatenated list of the original lists.
Get object info.
Return True if l is a list.
Kill a coroutine.
A fusion function that copies the stack trace of the fused inputs and fused outputs
Returns a list of the inactive ids from the provided registration id.
Check if a link with the given key is expired. Return the corresponding URL.
Validate that the config is of type bool and that the config is of type str.
Acestry of the given path.
receiver function. Send decision email if the instance is not contacted.
Start a gluster volume
Return the number of simulated phone numbers.
Remove. pyc and. pyo files
Returns True if script. pip doesn t find a missing argument.
Resolve a document.
init a parameter module
Log an exception with the given stack trace and stack trace at the given level.
Calls the fernflower or fernflower depending on the configuration of the
Return a generator of strings that are used in the context of the current logical line and tokens
Test for bad ratio.
Load the configuration from the user config file.
Converts a sequence of bytes to an integer.
Parse a string of updates into a boolean.
Computes the log multivariate normal density of a spherical system.
Extract a file and its contents to a directory.
Returns a string representation of the operation s output action.
Returns True if the module is a fake object.
Returns the enabled ATRUN value or None if not enabled.
Get all subpackages of a package.
Get the username of a user.
A generator function that creates a session and rollbacks the session when done.
Checks if the value is a valid string id.
Assert that the type of the uuid is a str
Get an OAuth access token from code.
return the number of bins of a Fanman - Diaconis array
Set the expire timestamp for a given key
Render a template to a file.
Verifies that the certificate is valid.
Return a random sample of repeated computation.
Computes the spherical harmonic coordinates of a triangle.
Install the readline hook in the current process.
Returns True if socket has a ipv6 socket otherwise False.
Check if a port is open.
Create the application.
Build a list of packages from a package file
Load a module from a file.
Parse RGB values.
Remove the groupname separator from the string.
Create a disk from a distro
Calculate the log - log - likelihood of an observation
Ensure a dashboard is absent
Create a new canvas
Initializes a test environment.
Returns the md5 hash of the given word.
Prepend a string to the end of a URL.
Return a list of rows with the given field name plucked.
Returns a list of the theme dirs in the given directory.
Return the literal value of the node.
Return a keyhint view that adds a string to the config stub.
Replace the text of the job element with the string representation of the number in the data dict
Returns the portgroup with the given name or none if the portgroup with the given name
Get the parent of the given level
Verifies a bucket writable file.
Registers the file extensions.
Decode str except attribute error.
Check if the URL is a valid scheme.
Set the chost of a string.
Convenience function to add activations summary to a collection of summaries.
return a dictionary of net stats for the net.
Refine a string into something that can be used as a parameter.
Find the scene absolute numbering.
test oss init
Return True if the given method is a static method of the given klass.
Initializes a game state.
Generate client lib callback.
Set ssl certificate.
The entry point for the WSGI application.
Strip prefix from device name.
hide nameservers from settings file
Converts an IPv6 address to an IPv6 address
Gets the session query for a given model.
Sort a list of records by a given key in a given chunk.
Create a tree from a list of files.
Returns a string representation of the type of the node.
Yields items from a container
Get the name of an instance.
Register a string as a command.
Get the ARN from an account name.
Set media player position.
Create a dummy virtual machine config spec.
Load summary protos and return statistics.
extract info from urllib3
Interpolate a logarithmic function.
Determine if a set of nodes is an independent set.
Return a bitmap of the image at the specified layer and coord.
Get the virtual network id
Returns a response containing the login header if the user is not logged in.
Remove a site from the system.
Returns a string representation of the semver version.
Return the status of the named command.
Parse a version number into a tuple of integers.
Multiply the dimension of a and b.
Return the list of testers in the given language.
Gets a web attack vector from the given string.
Compute regularization.
Query the specified URL with the specified options.
Make sure that the named index is absent
Create a palette with the given light color and color.
Check if the system is a link
Asserts that themarker is integration with the given string in the given style.
Returns True if type is string False otherwise.
Attempt to parse a gid into an int or raise an error if the gid is invalid.
Check if the user is in the standard environment.
Register the lang info.
Return the pre state of the specified snapshot
Return the number of cpu cores in the system
Test consistency of a series of random samples and substreams.
Write the contents of a file.
Take a list of one - dimensional ndarrays and convert it to a list of one -
wrapper for subprocess. Popen. check_output
This is a test for an option parser.
Handles response format for treeio login required task time slot view.
Run the knn sample wt fit and assert the runtime error.
Get the size of a file.
REST controller for subscription
Find an executable in the current directory.
Get all the points in a harrisim instance that are within a distance range.
Encodes the input image x according to the given rings.
Dumps data into a pickle file.
Set the basic logger class.
Validate device and partition
Returns the cluster urls.
Truncate an alert to max bytes.
Returns the binary associated with the current context.
Convert a 7 - bit integer to a 7 - bit integer.
Return a list of all sub - lists in l.
Return the version of the rar in the xfile.
Reverse a URL.
Redirect to specified location with specified code.
test scenario post email
required to add a host key to a staff member
Create a relationship strategy for the load option.
enter xml in advanced problem
Register a simple tag admin boolean icon.
Returns SQL flush sql for a list of tables and a list of sequences.
stream optimized an image
Return a new audio loop with n = 0. 0 and duration = 0. 0
Invert q
Yields a generator of targets from a list of source files.
main entry point
Displays the twitterin the current user
Get a list of all users in a profile.
Destroy a vm
Assert that the data is a string with no header no delimiter.
Return True if a weight is dyad weight.
Return True if elmt is in nested list of obj.
Command line interface for the command line interface.
Convert a name value to a BSON string.
Check if the user is logged in.
Parses the response content into a dictionary.
Validate that the value is a valid read preference.
Execute the specified plugin with the specified arguments.
Checks the fit function of a multi - output estimator to ignore warnings.
Load and cache theldconfig cache.
Compares two numbers in ring order. Returns - num if the first number is greater than
Make a slug for a list of strings.
Parse a version string into a version object.
if virtual is True return virtual name else if virtual is False return virtual name else return virtual
Return a list of items that intersect with another list.
Yields user agents that require a GET or a POST request to the wiki page.
Import the given name by the given prefixes.
Return the names of the primary key columns of a SQLAlchemy model.
Modify the current layer compatibility presence and high layer compatibility presence.
Replace hostname and hostname with a string.
Extract a snapshot of a disk
Computes the diffusion matrix for a given axis.
Return a list of domains in a certificate.
Check the symlink ownership
define all the servers in the config file with priority num. fillserver is set to True
Return the number of physical cpu cores
Setup the platform.
Reopen a zpool
The default application quit the application.
Return a list of binaries for the Qt5 plugin binaries in the specified directory.
Check if the nupic bindings prerelease is installed
Copy platform Hpp to here.
Send a file to the netlog server.
Checks if the DHCP options with the specified name and tags exists
Upload a blob using the test encryption key as the name and the content as the content.
Returns a list of positive integers from argument.
Decorator to highlight a tag.
Return a new rotate derivation.
make ad hoc cov test
Creates a new report with the given stats and old stats.
REST controller for hazard
Copies the transpose of a tensor tensor to its transpose of its shape.
Disconnects a command from the specified cloud provider.
Remove old versions of the given database.
Returns the template with the given name and template scope.
Remove the given handlers.
Get the crafted text from a text string.
Adds the help menu to the global menu.
Print the size of the graph in a human - readable format.
Given a list of files find all the autosumitors that are found in the specified
Check if the html content is well - formed.
Import aorskip module.
Perform a sync request and print the duration of the request.
Get the log of the most recent activity of a user.
Return a list of paths to include in the given file.
Create the platform for the LED
Returns a function that returns a value wilks function.
Invalidate string dtypes in the dtype set.
Returns a label for a field.
Update a Plex library
Register a new lexer for a given language.
The main entry point for the datastore backup script.
Convert an integer x into a timezone - aware datetime with the given timezone. If tz is
Show information about a disk disk disk disk disk disk disk disk disk disk disk disk disk disk
Make a sequence of strings from one string to another.
Read stored checksum info.
Moves the last num characters from the end of the string.
Verifies that the user is authenticated and that the user is active. If the user is
Strip trailing whitespace from the end of a string.
Returns True if path starts with tag and it has length length length.
Report an unknown attribute.
Get a session object.
Converts a datetime to a Timestamp.
Generate a random uuid hex string
A wrapper function that logs the top level of the datastore.
Calculates the p unary expression 2 at time t.
Read the cached content of a file.
Generate a random string array of given size and type.
Remove the current inspector
Check that the channels in an evoked file are equal.
Get the enum value of a specific service
Returns True if the content group has children visible to specific content groups.
Return a random string of nchars
Wrapper around impl. bw usage update
Create an arc2 base cipher using the given parameters.
Call Xenhost API
Convert geometry to xml element. class name
Turn int into str in list.
This is the command line interface for the management feed demo.
Create an engine for testing.
Runs the condor and parses the external id. Returns the external id and the message
Removes all files that match a regular expression in the given file path.
Decodes a string according to a function.
Returns a fake site name
Returns a debug message for a given signal.
Unpacks a list of epochs into a single list if the size of the list is
Parse a method descriptor.
Returns True if the given name is available in all the models.
Calls the hook. command method to send the command to the given channel.
Render the inheritance diagram.
Extracts a string representation of a string into a tuple.
Assert that the clock is idle.
Check if the user s id is valid.
Puts a string into stderr if it s not already a string.
Gets the list of objects of an announcement and stores them in the context.
Returns the key associated with the argument or raises an error if the argument is not a key
Make the desired capabilities from the settings. sauce and the desired capabilities from the settings.
Return the virtual environment if it is defined in salt else return the virtual environment as a tuple
This function takes a FCS test file and returns FCS test data.
Determine whether x is a multiseux of p.
Create a list of dict objects.
Create an editable list form.
make sure that p is a list of the same length as num
test that the string s attribute is empty
Read the head shape from a file.
Normalizes and reduce a list of paths to a single string.
Returns a tuple of osname and osid with the human - readable version number.
Return the node betweenness g from source.
Returns the line number for a given interface if it exists. Otherwise returns the line number.
Returns a string containing the diff between the context of the link and the context of the link
Clean text by stripping xml characters and replacing them with their XML equivalents.
Get the shortest path from a list of locations.
Fit a near miss object to an object that has an invalid ratio.
Returns the size of the queue if it is not implemented otherwise - 1.
This function is used to generate a new name for the hook.
Set the device name of the specified device.
Register an assignment tag document.
Register a new configuration.
Convert a list of hsvs to rgb.
Gets the path of the complex value of the helix type.
Return a list of the currently active children of the current process.
REST controller for trackpoint
Return the basename of a list of files.
Render a label with content.
Make a scipy. sparse. eye
Remove the response body.
Make a suite from a Hist object.
Apply a fold to a dataset.
Fetch datasets for a given list of lddas
Delete a task from the mem
Get a volume flow
Determine if a repository URL should clone a project.
Returns the weight of the block. If the block has no weight return the value of the
Splits a string into a list of strings separated by sep.
p labeled statement 3
Write data to a file descriptor.
Return a list of random names between first and second.
Sync all the data in all the environments
Set up the evl controller for a specific platform.
Destroy a volume type by ID
Returns True if x is an array - like object.
Creates a mshape definition of a resource type
Decomposes the power of the expression.
Creates a private ip
Return a string representation of the given version.
Returns True if the given URL matches the given name and URL.
Parse the sshpw from the command line.
Adds vectors to the vocab.
Check if the provided image name is a valid image name.
get real social auth object
Loads the build configuration from source and plugins and returns the build configuration.
Make a tensor with a given dimension.
Get the salt interface
Returns whether or not the module is virtual.
Download a web file.
Returns the executable of a process with the given pid.
Log exception message.
Unpickle a model given a model and a set of attributes.
Convert a relative URL to an absolute URL.
Memoize a command s script into a list of application names.
Check if the bgzf file has a valid gzip format
If arg is a string type return its attribute namespace. If arg is a string type return
Yields the mirrors for a git name.
get ssl adapter class
List the contents of a queue.
Convert an absolute path to a file URI.
Process the given options and update the options. options. path and options. format. pattern
Takes a series of applications and versions and returns a new series where the applications are flattened
Get the application id
Computes the tstd dlldy of a time series.
Adds a fossil segment to the current process.
Get an attribute from the configuration.
definition of token in p
Checks if a user id already exists in the database
Reshapes and resizes the image.
Returns an iterator for the signed dtypes of the given name.
wrapper function for predict and predict functions
Run an application on the given port.
Validate a sound string and return the title if it is one of the strings in the list
Return the string representation of the payload if the payload is a string. If the payload is
Delete filesystem.
Filter a private variable in the given scope.
Format a string to a given file - like object and print it out.
Move a file from a source path to a destination path in an S3 bucket.
Initialize console logging.
Encode all attachments in a mime message as a base64 encoded string.
Blend two or more tables together.
Generate config file for click. command.
Find the index of x in a list a where x is the value of the leftmost
p assignment expression 2
Return the current instance of the facility
Execute a command via the salt. runner client
Returns a dictionary of differences between a dictionary and a database dictionary of differences
Yields the index and record number from the partition file.
Format an exception into a list of lines.
Gets the forecast for a specific location
Process an element node.
Returns a list of the whitelisted student records for the given student batch.
Set a backend policy.
Remove a variable from the context.
Refine a basic expression.
Add a package to the specified dict of installed packages.
Create an http connector.
Returns a task filter based on a list of tasks
Serialize a type using the template associated with the given accessor.
Raises assertion error if required settings are different.
Sends an email template for the given order.
Decodes the payload of a task.
Generate a random filename
get host by port from url
Return a list of all packages
Apply post - processing to the first and second parts of the opening bracket.
Runs the specified commands. Returns the number of packages required to run.
Count files in chunks of size chunksize.
check login required to check local site access
urlsafe b64encode
Return the sha1 digest of the given type and list of chunks.
Expand os. path. expanduser and os. path. expandvars.
Returns the local service report for the given service name.
Returns True if the value of a column has a value.
Create a topic and invalidate the cache.
Run func only if task. skip is true.
Parse the output of a netstat command and return a list of the output
Return a copy of a dict that only has the specified keys.
Recursively call the service function.
Convert an exception info or a failure to an exception info object.
Calculate the power of an effect with a normal distribution.
Returns the password with the salt of the old password. If uppercase is True the password is
Returns a configuration dictionary for the given configuration object.
Convert an object into a human - readable string.
Add two images.
Match metric with regular expression.
Returns a list of all the locale names for this application.
test divmod.
A context manager for testing the key parser.
Creates a new metadata entry for a volume.
Return month by its name.
Return a string representation of the given argument in the register.
Returns a legendre. legvrelation between x and n coeff.
Calls bem surfaces method
Add an organization course
Get the default site for a given app name.
Download the specified version of the specified package to the specified directory.
Returns a list of all flag objects for a given user.
Computes the error rates between the label and the test counts.
cartesian to polar conversion.
Creates a new thin logical volume with the specified name and size.
Get the latest downloadable repository metadata if it includes tools
A wrapper for requests. get that uses the status code and text attributes for status code and
Make sure that the named service is absent
Create a constant of num with the value being the one of the given dtype.
Evaluate xml element and overwrite attributes with new values
Converts a POSIX path to an absolute path.
Returns a signing module.
Assert that a normal distribution is univariate.
Update unread queries.
Create a random matrix of the specified number of dimensions.
Get the evaluated float by the keys
Send a job review message when a job was approved.
Computes the training model.
Crop an image to square.
Get the profile of the user.
Get the memory info.
A helper function that sets the shell s main function.
Renders the provider xrds URL and returns the response.
Send the given arguments to spyder on the given port.
Enable one or more atomic names in the request cache.
Log a step note.
Return the time of the current week day.
Split a low tag
Shortcut for the gitio hook.
Writes the given data to the file at the given path. Returns the length of the
Reverse the given path.
Get the secondary language of the current site.
Get account or none if account is not found.
Set up the module admin required for treeio login.
Parses a simple flake into a struct.
Parse the streaming media json object from a room from a URL.
Make a gemm from a factored list.
Write string data to stdout.
Parse json game player stats.
Returns a colorized string.
The main function of the script.
Get the user s root of the environment.
Set memory limit.
safe sql function
Parse the localename into a tuple of strings and a value error if the localename is
Return True if x is an iterator.
A with - contextmanager that restores the previous log handlers when the context manager exits.
Render a value in the context using a conditional escape.
print str return num
Show the details of a specific keypair
Unzips a sequence of lists into a list of lists of nout
Check if an image is extendable.
Check files to see if they match whitelist pep8.
Detach a member from a load balancer
Parses a list of stories
Check if the grains are virtual.
Call vk api
Download the given file. If the file does not exist raise a 404.
Returns the string representation of a list of words.
Stops a geoserver task.
Return a list of components of a given path.
Set the SELinux module.
Returns a rvm with the specified version.
maybe call the thing with the same args or kwargs as thing
Return the directional variance of x in x between i and w.
A wrapper of the astroid building function to catch and print the astroid building exception.
Count the number of messages stored in the response cookie.
Extracts the url path and query from the url if full url is none and no query
Return the built in directive user.
Return a list of version windows in a version - manager.
Remove a section from an ini file.
Change the global debug mode.
Remove target name and all its dependencies from target dict.
Evaluate a marker and return a boolean indicating whether the text is valid or not.
Packs a single value into a list if the value can t be converted to a list
Format a fastq record.
collapse spaces in a string
Print an error message to the tk widget when an error occurs.
Check if a policy s cache headers are valid.
Get the poetry from the server
Test for human readable format.
Add a ratelimit rule to the global rules.
Delete empty folders
Concatenate epochs.
Mine the cached data from the master
Save a command to a file using regular expressions.
Read a Julian string from a file - like object fid.
Decode a string to utf8.
Returns True if the socket is dropped False otherwise.
Subtract a ring from a channel image.
Extract os version from string
Make sure that a string has the plus sign in it.
Convert a comment to a regular expression and replace it with the comment character.
Add a domain to the bench.
Show the list of users.
Yields test functions for the Eidos mark module.
Load the certificates from a directory.
Emulate hscan.
Returns a string of hex strings without quotes.
i see the set dates and times
get a table of strings
Resolve a symlink to a specific path.
Decompress a base64 string.
uq - > uq
Parse the auth header.
Remove the squeeze along the specified axis.
CLI action for clear password.
Compute the XOR of two strings term1 and term2.
Reads and returns a specified number of bytes from a file - like object.
Returns a path to a file with the given name with the given suffix.
Get the project name from the user s environment.
Set a value for a field in a document
Return the full path to the specified jail
Recursively reload a module.
Converts a string to the language of a given locale.
Returns the basename of a path.
Assert that the object is a string that represents the regression line
Computes the dup of a spherical b irradiance.
Returns a list of the load balancer backends
Set enable = True for all objects in the list
Update the neighborhood neighborhood city state and country of the woeid.
Copies the result of a future from source to dest.
Convenience function to update the proj with new bools.
Create a test package via pip and assert that it is installed via URL.
Returns the locale or the default if the locale is not available.
Resizes the input image to a new size and saves it to out image.
Decode a BSON timestamp to python timestamp.
Prepend http if necessary to the URL of the register.
Find credentials in environment.
Create image assemble error status
Make the lineage name for the conf file.
Return the value of the response s negotiate value if it exists else return none.
Check if the user is authenticated.
Convert a media size to a long.
Get the loop counter and the total loop counter.
Print installation summary.
Returns a human - readable duration string.
Adds the current environment variable to the salt. netapi client config object
Configure logging configuration.
Add a header to the context.
Convert a range to a list of nets
Decode a 64 - bit string into a list of integers.
if the config file is in the config file and the config file is in the config file
Get a network by CIDR.
This is a test for the element - wise inverse error function in GPU.
Convert tags from AWS format into a list of strings.
Reset the session global variables.
Yields the addresses and line numbers of a given code object.
Send alerts for all products.
Update the specified target with the specified dependencies.
Parses the YAML file and returns an instance of this class.
Print a warning message for each target in the list of sections.
Reset the warnings in the given filters.
real memoize function for netbsd.
A test function for the dec. skip function.
Return the common multiple of a and b.
Attempts to decode the given encoding. If the encoding is not a string or binary type
Create a new local git branch.
Get the version number of the config file.
Returns the host associated with the given ip address.
Compute the prim curr of a list of coils.
Performs a post upgrade of a named package. Returns True if the package was downloaded successfully
Get the options for a salt minion
Calls a command asynchronously.
Takes a list of apps and returns them in cascade order.
Delete a draft and schedule action.
Return a dup with the normals of the element in f.
Convert a string into a number with a comma separated value.
Find the type parent of element that has the specified tag.
Prints a debug message for all arguments except for sys. stderr.
Convert an input file to a bin hex file.
Get the container version from the environment.
Returns the controller class that corresponds to the specified type name.
Create model for dense layer sizes nb filters nb conv and nb pool.
Create a copy of the specified media.
Update the values with the given floating point.
Tear down the warnings. warnings. warnings. warnings. warnings. warnings. warnings.
Create a new key.
Return a tuple of the path and the head of the file.
Return True if the given node has an acceptable title.
link the source database with the target database
Remove a command from the system
parse a subject into a dict
Convert a string to a function.
Log video status update.
Check dataset access permission.
Create a notification for a specific platform.
Loads a dictionary from a pickle file.
port all entities in the datastore to the given path.
Compare two datetime objects and assert that they are close to a specific date.
Removes a statement from p where num is an integer.
Get the branch name of the current branch at the given path.
Helper function to add together lists of functions.
Return the softplus of x.
Install the package p in the package manager.
casts a message to a topic
Return the index of the elements in idxs that are in vals.
Returns a list of es documents for a particular locale.
Returns a list of tuples of all available images.
Convert text to word sequence.
Add an interface to an instance.
smooth step between two edges
Remove the specified entry from the specified path
Yields a sequence of dictionaries where the keys and values match the values of the last
Ensure that the named parameter is disabled in the current schedule
Add a tracks or tracks to a playlist.
Check if a page is a 404 page.
Determine if the given string represents a series episode.
Add default options to sys. argv.
Update a contact from the sync database
Create a comp node for a list.
Clear the cache of a placeholder.
Returns a randomized version of the code.
Save a forum role
task foo
previous media list player.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the network time is enabled.
Clean up tmp test dir.
Get the maximum age of a response.
Check the dependencies of a list of host objects.
Create a new sync point.
Resolves the DNS record associated with the given ipaddress and returns a twill assertion error
Return True if the expression has a simple delta.
Finds the web page with the given number of pages and returns a partial function that returns
Remove a user
Runs the command line for the specified task. If single or sauce is true only
Return the integer value of the element at idx in the input proj
Find the post boundary of a multipart post boundary.
Registers a serializer in the specified module.
Sets the git instance to use for this project.
Returns True if the user has the specified course s category id and has access to it.
This is a test for git to check that the package is in the devserver folder.
Loads the dependencies of a package
Obtain a certificate.
Generate a challenge.
record payment info
Returns True if the filename matches the template file extension
Converts a string to a random string
Calculate the standard deviation of a number.
enumerator list 2 - > element - > element - > element - > element - >
Split code at show
Replace the extra part of a string with a lowercase version of the string.
Yield the art URL for the album s asin.
Send a request to restore an existing configuration.
Computes the power of two numbers using the extended compat function.
Get random string
Check that the given folder names are not in the localized folder names.
cm service accept Section 9. 2. 7
Shorten a given string.
get batch job download url when ready
Load the lib for the cdecl module if the cdecl extension matches the name of the
Get list of members without mfa
Merge small segments into a single segment.
Find a module by its full name.
Extracts entities from a template.
Assert that the string is the same as the original string and that it has been deleted.
Determine if the name is an archive file
Read a character list from a file.
Return a string suitable for use as a filter for a regex.
Test constructor of nb prior greater one.
Handle response format for treeio login required module admin required.
Apply operators to elements of an expression.
Encodes a float.
Remove a module from the quiet list.
Returns package data.
View for treeio login requests.
Assign a series of components to an atom.
Creates a diff between old and new rules.
Add a mtime to a document.
Create the default config dir if it doesn t already exist.
Concatenates all elements of a list.
Creates the figure.
Plot a histogram of the normal distribution.
Randomly sample a sphere.
Registers a single hug. conf. directive.
Return a list of trials from the given docs.
Add a end geometry xml to the output.
Given a list of instances and a cache of related objects return a list of related objects that
Unsharp a mask.
Return the sigmoid of x. If x is not a numpy array it will be converted to
Get architecture from image meta.
Returns a list of all the parent parts of the given path.
Determine if a resource need to be created.
Disables trace from the global app or default app or default if app is not specified.
Reduces constants in source code.
Format the summary for a worker.
Returns a list of filenames for all stylesheet files in the given settings.
Return True if node is the name of the ancestor of the given class.
Return deprecated key data.
Make a new collection.
Add loop x to each of the line loops intersections.
Resource Type.
Subtract two numbers.
Runs the specified command on the specified app servers.
Check the status of a Qdatastream.
Remove old pafs that are older than now and old streams that are older than now
Get the list of services in a service handle.
Parse a django admin option string
Grab the certbot log
Sends data to the given URL using the given API key. Returns the data in a
Combine a list of sections into a common list of sections.
Yields a range of bytes at a given offset in a file.
Loads data and labels from text file.
Save the content to the store.
Returns True if the cookie is present in the response.
Write the chain text with the first translator file name.
Returns a list of the fields of the given object
Finds the values of the specified option in the specified manager. option file.
Encode a quopri message
transfer the closest path from an ordered location to a list of remaining paths in skein
Check if user can commit translation
Check that a test file is well - formed.
Yields a document or a list of documents.
Return a new ref.
Remove all keys from the Redis database.
Get the value of the input with the given css selector.
Returns a list of strings for each element in xs.
Returns true if the conn has the specified method.
Send an email verification email to a user.
Apply a string filter to the given value.
Moves the invitation to the group before the invitation is accepted.
Try to convert value to float. If value is not a float return default.
Assert that num is zero
Deserializes a list of string specs into a sequence of integers.
Return the expression of a variable.
Log a character to the logger.
Returns a dictionary of proxy functions
Return the color corresponding to the k color.
Return the sum of case of when then = num and then = num then return the sum
Get the maximum by a 3 vector3 path.
Return the result of a function f truncated to the specified power.
Returns the absolute path of the node s root root directory from the given bin.
Unregister a class loader.
Make a. l file with the given basename.
restarts a task if it exists
Loads a pickle file and returns a tuple of training set validation set and test set.
Make a new variable to keep the dimensions of x and y along the specified axis.
Run the network and compute the consumption of each record.
Function used for the hook. command method.
Get a subscription by its id.
redirect the specified url to the specified hostname port relative url.
Removes a database if it exists
Unescape a string using re. sub.
Download a veoh file by ID.
test for zsh completion
Set the nodetype of a task
Return the project certificate subject.
Return a new carve derivation for an element node.
Take the union of p and set its value to val.
Return the absolute name of a cell.
Try to get the current user except user not found error. return none if user not found
Creates a set of formatters for a particular log configuration.
View for treeio login required for equity.
Moves a key from d1 to d2.
A helper function that adds a line edit to a Qtbot widget.
Set the dim ordering of the image.
Returns a VQ create spec for a given size in kb.
get soap accessor
Return the stat of a given process.
Build py sdist from source code.
Make sure that the path to the specified file exists in the samples directory with the generated read
Finds the creation sequence of all neighbors in a graph.
Read a gafbyproteiniterator from a file handle.
Decode a string into a sequence of bytes.
Yields the keys from a list of filepaths.
Make a request with the given sha1 and return the response.
Create a temporary ca file from a list of anchor names.
Takes a result of a stat and returns a result if the result is None.
Returns True if the exception e is an available exception.
Asserts that the passed string is the expected number of characters in the string.
This is a test function that runs the given handler class on the given server.
Return True if value is less than arg.
release complete net to ms
Check the value of one or more opts in the conf.
Recursively iterate over the children of an object.
Return True if name is a snake_case otherwise False.
Returns the filename of the host
Registers a command that will be run when the hook is installed.
Get module cache.
Renders a link to the specified document using the specified print format.
Helper function to register a GitHub hook.
Returns the string representation of a time. strftime - like object.
p labeled statement 2. 0 - > p labeled statement 2. 0 - > p labeled
Log a bugdown error
Return a response with the json representation of an object in s3db.
Return a dictionary of metadata.
Import a keypair
Computes the Hessian inv at a given scale
Unzip a file into chunks.
Select n series.
Register a new language to the parser.
Returns the issue line for the given issue.
generate state tag
Create an arg parser for rdp console.
Find empty alt files.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the beacons should be refresh
Check if a URI parameter should be used for an event.
Return a compiled regular expression for the given search query.
Enables or disables the global value of the specified exceptions argument.
Decode a query string.
Get the source code of an object.
This is a test that install always from cache.
Return a text field with validators applied.
Check if the input is a valid naming pattern.
Converts a tensor to a sparse tensor.
Adds an entry to the default entrypoint.
Decorator to clear the context.
Fold function.
Set the repository to a set of values.
Tests the status code when a package is not found.
Adds one or more collar shafts to the end of an element node.
Delete all objects in a bucket.
Log system standby information.
Returns the course mode info for the given course id and enrollment.
Compress a message body with the specified compress level.
Read the cache info from a file.
return only one file or folder
Combine date and time in one timezone - aware way.
Test if value is a mapping.
Mine command command parser
Handle response format for treeio login required by process mass form.
Read a Python source code object from a. pyc file.
Returns True if the sn data package is installed False otherwise.
Returns the basename of a string.
Test a mesh in a wavefunction file.
reverse bits int64 - > int
Return the cos of x.
Return a list of all the subscriptions for the given topic.
Converts a dict to a string
Detach an attachment from a network interface
Ensure that the named parameter is absent
Convenience function to plot a PDF.
Configure a service in a test case.
return a dict with http headers
Consume items from a queue.
Return a list of nodes
Record a card hold.
Returns True if name should be used as a module name.
Remove single or double quotes from a string.
Call talib with ds for count using talib. kama
Removes all left and right imp evidence from the transitive closure of a dependency graph.
List all available languages for the current client.
Get orbit transversals for a given base
Get geometry output by linear bearing cage derivation.
Get the public key for a given VM
Get the number of audio equalizer functions.
Sanitize the separator.
Change the number of columns in the cidr table.
Validate the parameters in the metadata dictionary.
Check if a URL is unique.
Setup the platform.
Get or create a sjson transcript from an item.
Returns the hostname if it exists otherwise if it doesn t.
Return whether or not the minion is virtual
Parse multipart headers.
Return the gid of the process.
Compiles all the files in the given folder and saves them as a. pyc file.
Function to calculate T statistic.
Calculate xldate from time tuple.
Adjust the dimension of an image to a specified dimension.
Rotate a vector by the right of its length.
auth. s3 requires membership
Return a string representation of the given value.
Add a funk to an event source.
Creates a new reservation.
Send a flowgram to a given socket. If trim = True then trim the flowgram
Return an HTML table containing a boolean column of yesno.
Update a package in a module. Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the package was updated
Decode a string.
Create certificate chain
Cumulative distribution.
requires segment info to be at the current line
Copy a file from one file to another if it s out of date.
Build path from node1 to node2.
Set the password for a user.
Convert a string to a boolean.
Synchronously refresh the database
Filter a sff file based on a list of flowgrams.
Raise an error with the given status and message.
Notifies the systemd daemon
Calls the specified executable with the specified filename.
Checks the iforest sparse model.
callback function for menu class
List all the datastores for this VMware environment
Register a string as a case - insensitive word.
Returns a list of users with their username or none.
get continuous query
Create an image
piecewise piecewise product.
Parse an XML document from a CXL string.
Returns a dict of the social auth backends for the given request.
Returns the backend to use
Convert an object to an ASCII string. If the object is a dict it will be converted
Convert a cellrange string to a rowcol pair.
Load data from memory.
Unpack Open direct tcpip data into a tuple of host port orig host and orig port
Returns the maximum side number based on the precision of the xml element.
Return True if bson is valid False otherwise.
If src is a file or a string then read it and make sure it is a string
Sends an email to the target user.
Returns a function that prints the command line and expands it.
Return the reader for the image specified by image id.
Initializes a new POSIX environment variable.
Return the ptp of a along a given axis.
Memoizes an image id to an image id
Copy files from one version to another.
Runs the test for the specified reason when the test fails for the specified reason.
Converts a class to a string with the class name and number n. n is the
Deploy the certificate to the temp dir.
Convert a sequence of items to bytes.
Return a new class that is the latest version of old class.
Return a list of synonyms that are word2nums num2words and word
Filter non json lines.
Save the stats to a file.
create a directory if it doesn t exist
Find a variant in the whitelist.
Redirect the user to the alt URL.
Generates a random salt of specified length.
Extract a subrois from a timeseries file and a label file with the given indices
Send a signal to a process.
Pause the figure if the backend is active.
Convert bytes or str to str if s is str.
bind to a socket and return the port number of unused connections
test rgb to hsl part 17
Compute the standard deviation of an array along a specified axis while preserving the standard deviation.
Return the line number of the function s source code.
Loads a single checkpoint from the specified checkpoint.
Returns a string representation of a timestamp.
Get a list of all schedules associated with this account.
Perform a full m step of the covariance estimator.
Computes the raw moment of a sequence of values.
Reads a label file and returns a list of class names.
Generates a random normal probability distribution.
Get the app associated with the current frame.
Returns a random sample of the regular distribution.
CLI command for resize and thumbnail images.
Start a TLS server.
Register a simple tag comment form.
Unload a module
Update the quota for a project and resource.
Check if text is a keyword.
Run pyreverse.
Returns the completed status of a node.
Compute the unique values in a 1d array.
Start statsd at the specified path.
Normalizes a string in a language tag.
Computes the serial correlation coefficient
Wait until the specified prefix is available for the command.
Strip a and b from a and b.
Safely delete an image from a backend.
Returns the memory usage of the windows kernel in bytes.
Disable the given configuration and reload the service.
Picks a new transport plugin based on the given config and plugins.
Returns a list of the ips that match the query string
Executes the given SQL query and closes the cursor.
test regular polygon draw1.
Make a violin rugplot
Returns action get by request id.
Unregisters a handler function.
This is a test for a breadcrumb.
Get the index of an item in a media list.
Handles the login process for a thread.
main function. Create a unit partition for an adgroup.
Returns a list of all available translations for the given locale.
Coerce value to time naive or naive according to the specified field.
Create a collection of items.
Test raises value error non sym.
Determine the position of the eeg.
Write the credentials to a file.
Make a test identity join node.
Return the deprecated version of a matrix.
Prepare the body of the query string for the given token.
Print report of the flaky tests.
delete an ACL
Get the value of a property of a device.
Make a discrete source space.
Returns the comment in the specified format
Flatten a message.
Retrieve components from a given key.
Parse an accept header value.
Start a listener.
Validate that the value is of the specified type.
Decodes a string representation of the result of a function call.
Wrapper for the do cmd function.
Raise an exception if the file does not exist.
Returns the library global function for the given profile.
Check that the values of the slices have the same dimension.
return true if the list is a list of all the items with the same id
Get values with optional fill value and type.
Perform string replacements on a string.
Test against the jplkwons test.
Handles foreign key ignoring.
Fit a near miss object and assert its values are equal.
Marks a file from the django db with no review type.
Register a scalar constant in the join function.
Print DNS entries.
Try to enum the val except value error
real memoize function for openbsd.
Check if the given path is a member of the given directory. If it is a member
Download a file from a URL and save it in a file.
Builds all the libraries for the recipe.
Get related topics in a section div
Change the number of subs finder frequency.
Runs a set of tests in a Django project.
Create a task message from a signal.
Remove the quote from a header value.
Return a new cluster controller with the same interface as the current cluster controller.
Return the number of processes that are active for processname.
Get a component by name
Return the process names for the given nodes in the cluster.
Compare the channels of the candidates with the values of the channels in the candidates list.
Start a new worker
Change the configuration of the current pyplot instance.
Rotate an image by 90 clockwise.
Convert a year and month number to an index.
Try to convert a value to an int or float.
Make and verify selection.
Builds a multipart message
required to unfollow a user
Parses the query and raises an exception if an exception is raised.
Convert a list of consumer functions into a dict.
Return a time mask where the times are within tmin and tmax.
Return True if text is a URL.
Make a directory with the specified name and mode.
Seeds a new seed if it is a string or int. If the seed is
require context to be a virtual interface
Get the list of files in an HTML file.
Return True if the cron is a date time
convert from color temperature to rgb
Gets the single Moron named by the content key. If the number of m
If strict is True raise value error else raise warnings. warn.
Recursively call object reducer function.
\ Returns if the filter should shard by property range.
Return True if a is a task module.
Open a file in the specified mode if the file exists.
Return True if the values in val1 and val2 are equal.
Waits until the specified port is listening on the specified client or server.
Extract the root domain from a domain string.
Return the full information of a node and its VM.
Computes the norm of a matrix.
Compute centrality scores
Determine the number of items in a directory.
Validate scale values.
Load a countgraph from a file.
Compute the rempolancy between l1 and terms.
Create a reference group.
click. command option
get instance type by flavor id
This is a helper function that handles the login process.
Convert a timestamp to a datetime
Imports the classes in the specified module.
Unpack a bitstring into a list of bits.
Define a new command in the protocol.
Check if a subject has Bem files in the given directory
Main function for text analyzer.
Strip tags from a string.
Given a string representation of a spec lookup the module object corresponding to it.
Returns a timezone object if the object is a string or a timezone object if it is a
Check if the user has access to the course
A with - context that modify small chunks of a file.
Make a request to the given host and path with the given request dict.
Returns a reverse link for the given course key.
Check if a nictag exists in the nictagadm
Add tools to a tool manager.
Return a fresh output manager instance.
Returns a list of them relationship types that are defined in the settings
Builds the headers for a given API token.
Set the cart settings for the customer s party and charges.
Check if an elliptic curve is an elliptic curve.
Test if a point is inside a polygon.
allow ctrl c posix signal.
must have permission
Make sure the minion is virtual
Make sure that the site is enabled.
Performs samplewise standard deviation normalization on a matrix.
Compare two list of files in common.
If the form value is set read it and update the api content with the new number.
Retrieve a word2vec embedding from a google word2vec file.
Returns the version string from the version file. If the version file does not exist or if
Write course block detail report.
Yields an empty sequence.
Clear the persistent graph cache.
Checks that all flags are in the list of strings and raises validation error if not.
Make a matrix from an entry function.
equate the elements of the revolutions based on the points in the revolutions
Print the test result to the console.
Mark the signals of the context manager as disabled.
Map an error instance to the blobstore service error.
Profile the given statement and print the result to the given file or sys. stdout.
Change the qq header.
Returns the security group if it exists or if it doesn t return the default security group.
Waits for the given io object to complete.
Computes the root mean square root mean square error.
Assert that the trailing spaces in the row definition are the same
Escape a string according to RFC3986.
Convert an image.
Returns the QoS policy group name for the given volume.
Display a crash file
Get the zoneinfo from the zoneinfo file at the given path.
Creates an event in the current context.
Logout required for a user to the server.
Turn text into a single - quoted YAML string.
Compute the stochastic sine model synth
Check if the id is not None and if not raise a warning or raise a w02
Parse name and version into name and version.
Read a long 4 - bit value from a file - like object.
Derivative of a number x along a specified axis.
Returns the source code for the given filename.
Create a security group
Check if a config variable is set and raise an error if it is not.
Set the value of the named system rcfile to the given value
at initial setup hook module
Detect the format of a given stream.
Find the name of an extension in the high high
Find all the cached images
Convert a URL to its I18N representation.
Create a set of file paths for the given file creator with the given size.
Save the site in the left - to - left database.
Make the x - axis header for the callback URL and key.
Parses the given arguments and returns them in the correct format.
port write port d6 uchar
Convert gff attributes to string
Applies the overwrite to the context.
Make sure the minion is virtual
Build the desired iface configuration for a module.
Returns a new document in the whitelist if the document is a JSON object then insert it into
Infer the gradient of the input kerns.
Returns True if the value is a valid ipv4 prefix
Return True if the next token can be place on a single line.
Get the data from the specified jid
Build a tag map based on the passed default.
Computes the S all hac correlation coefficient
Get a new derivation for an element node.
Determine whether or not the virtual environment is available on the minion
Strip whitespace from the beginning and the end of the string.
Create an error object from a dict.
Parse a string into a datetime. datetime.
Returns the check driver dependencies.
Formats a time in a human - readable format.
Writes a XLS file with the given columns and data.
Parse an xpi and return its information.
Get a list of all namespaces in the database.
Creates an atom. xml feed from a string
get string representation of image model
Get the load average
Cast a value to an int.
Strip the namespace from the XML document.
Get the forward relationships for the given opts.
parse sphinx searchindex
Delete API integration response.
Return a command that checks if the task needs to be run.
Check if the tenant exists.
Returns the comment for the given field in the given table. If the field does not exist
Create a virtual disk spec.
Filter foreign columns.
Generate the rst files for the examples
local optimizer function.
Returns True if the square of x and y is listdir in the pixel dictionary.
flash a user if the request. json contains a valid anonymous password.
Identify names in code according to finder.
Check if the pos is in lower case or not case.
Creates a simple factory copy of the given state.
Computes the central moment of a sequence of numbers.
Update the axes of an image
Compute correlation matrix tail error
Return the coordinates of the skew x in the input words.
reissue the receipt
Return the cloud force ascii representation of an exception.
Run the ansible module and exit.
Decode a base64 encoded string.
Retrieve the settings for the command line application.
Check if boto is virtual.
Process the supplied XML element and append the vertices to the object.
Parses the content of a URL and returns a dict of parameters to be used in the
Return a list of numericise.
nottest a function
A test function to see if an IPMI connection can be established.
Return True if path starts with prefix.
Make fake transport.
Return a file handle or raise an error if the file is not a string.
Raise input exception if version from payload is different from collection version.
Log the trace of an exception.
Load a module from all installed apps
Set the store store for the application.
Read a file and return its contents.
Create a virtual interface with the values provided
Returns if the given issue is a relevent issue and after is a section of the issue
Saves the value of the named config variable to the config file. If the config file
Delete OAuth tokens for a user.
system information type7 Section 9. 2. 7
Check the test confusion matrix.
Loads all the plugins in the specified plugin namespace.
Configures the ioloop. http server to use.
Get the next unique id for a given field and value.
Return a template to be displayed when a selected object is deleted.
Returns the key error message for the given formatting string.
Check that the estimator has no fit attributes set in init.
Return the number of CPU cores.
Creates the nrt module
Calculate the mean and standard deviation of a list of values.
test greater than num
Create a snippet dataset.
Wait until the specified server is terminated. If the server is not found raise a build error
Returns True if the URI is the same as the original URI.
Raises an AssertionError if a and b are not equal.
Get the YAML file path for a builtin.
This is a helper function to print a string.
audit exempt and send email notifications for all users
Return the user s rated on if the exp user data model is otherwise none.
Determine the name of the shell command.
Process an element node.
Match filter list with user args.
Returns a dict of the current status and the current status of the specified traps.
Updates the cronjobs for the given tasks.
Create a GCP error object with an unexpected error message.
Uploads the log file to the local filesystem.
Return a list of record and further classes for a given class.
Determine if a URL is a full redirect.
adapter function for search data adapter
Return a random sum of the distribution.
Extract all members of the archive to the specified path.
Return the relative path to the relative path of from file in archive dir.
Returns True if the variable is used in the graph.
test from HSL to rgb part 12
Return ref to obj if obj is a reference to obj else raise value error
Get a new derivation for an element node.
Appends the given data array to the given bundle.
Assert that the given member is a read from the given client.
Load a type and a type from a file.
Calculates the checksum of a given list of digits.
Converts the given locale to the language of the given language.
skip unless the predicate returns true for the specified reason
Convert a url callback into a string callback.
Add a host to the hosts file.
Returns the subnet name
Create a new database.
Sign a URL using v2. 2. 0 format.
remove from figure with gridspec
Return a list of element node - > element node - > element node - > element node
Get terminal width
Enable or disable an event
Retry if session inactive.
Return the text of the document as a list of paratext.
Handles an edit of an ordered product for treeio.
Return a list of field data for each server group.
Parse a sub pattern of the given flags.
Get the number of sides based on the precision of the xml element.
load graphs from a file
Get the host associated with a network
Loads the specified sql file into the specified folder.
Converts Markdown text into Markdown using the markdown module.
Send a soap request to the local ip and wait for it to finish.
Delete a device
Converts a cartesian to sph.
Takes a node and replaces it with a line numbers and a string and insert it before
Handle response format for treeio login required.
The entity group type associated with the key.
Create a group with the given key and set the given title.
Returns True if val is a valid string
Return a function that converts a string to a number of times the number of times it was
Returns true if the given params has a score spec.
Add a lock to a list of packages. Returns the number of packages added.
Returns the type of an interface
Prepends the path to the root dir of the specified options.
Returns the texcommand to execute.
Get all sysv services
global username
indent level by by num. Raise error if level + by < num.
Read a twoline normal table
Generates a random comma - separated string of the specified number of words.
Parse options with short values.
Appends xml element to vertex. add geometry list
Builds a tunnel request
Change stmts in p to stmts + num.
Interact with urllib. request.
Adds a new batch job to the batch job service.
Converts an exception class into an error code.
daemonize the process.
Get the table of words embeddings and embeddings for a given word idict and embed
Determine the default project.
Forget about the given canvas.
Returns the nested output of an object.
Return True if the two paths have the same display name and usage key.
Try to int get the default if it doesn t exist.
Returns a tar file of the specified name at the specified root
Creates a new table in the given database.
Remove a previously registered plugin.
Return the markdown representation of the first graf and the rest of the graf.
Add a dependency to the end of the dependency paths.
Inverse of a matrix.
Detach a volume
Displays the SMSin in the s3 database
Select the i - th element of a according to the median of medians of a.
Train the hcae. yaml file.
Return n + num
Return the wait time between num and num.
Returns the names of the children of the current node.
Split a list of strings into new list
Checks the status code of a given request and raises an HTTP error response.
Reads the data and returns a string of the data in a window of length num.
Call talib with ds and count using talib. t3
colorful py print verbose level
Make sure that at least one value in the dict has at least one key.
Return a random interkey interval.
Change scene name to normal show names
Check if the current environment has the mne c flag.
Return True if security manager can access name and view name.
if receiver is a function return it otherwise raise a value error
Return the annotation associated with a variable.
Find the n largest elements in an iterable.
Replace HTML - escaped characters with their HTML representation.
Find a sample in a file.
Checks if the hook is up.
Patch a path by adding num to the path of the specified file.
Concatenate a list of indexed dataframes into a dd object.
Build a list of resolver objects for the specified configuration.
Converts a frequency in the string to a frequency in the form of a regular expression.
Return t rem.
global file spec if file spec is none or the current version of io. io.
Get a URL from the environment
Convert a timestamp to an epoch.
Make an extension function for a footnote extension.
Truncate a string to a maximum length.
Runs unit tests
Create a figure.
Computes the loss function of a classifier s staged decision function.
Runs the task log and prints a green message if the user doesn t have permission to
Convert a numpy array into a float array.
Get the current git changeset for a given file.
Get the password for a database.
Return a list of groups in the named user.
Takes an element and a list of child nodes and stack them into a list of layers
Create a new configuration from the given configuration and cluster.
Parses the content of the document and returns the index.
Yields the number and the number if the logical line is not the same as the
Returns a base64 - encoded string containing the support data.
Define a string argument.
Create a set of fixed ip addresses for a given context and ips.
Tries to raisevals memory error. If the error is raised an Exception is raised.
Change the condition of the command.
Generate a random string of the specified length.
Patch the os. fork function in gevent to use the correct fork function.
Returns a string with the pretty relation between the frame relative to the given frame relative to the
Perform a css click in the world and return a boolean value indicating whether the element is selected
Check to see if a trail exists.
Check that there are multiple column names with an alias.
Returns a factor i. e. a factor i. e. a factor i. e
Migrates a vm object to a new host object
Test if a string is equal to a given string.
Return the config in the acceptance yaml for the test case.
Check if user can upload dictionary of project.
If the step file contains multiline text then it should not contain log records.
Write the chain text with the first translator file name.
Ensure time is UTC.
Make sure that the value is a member of the distribution s setup. py name.
Split text at a single separator.
Returns the URL for the given handler name.
Compute the pairwise distance between two points.
Remove outliers from a list of sequences.
A test that merge data1 and data2 with an merge error.
Register a checker function.
Generate the documentation for the specified service.
This is a decorator for the Flask app. route function that handles GET and POST requests.
Create a new image property
Save an image to a file.
2d distance between two line segments.
require that the user be logged in and have the required HTTP methods
This function makes sure that the data passed in is a dictionary.
Get labels for a node
Check for invalid keys. Raises a type error if any of the keys are not in
Runs the scheduler and sets the trigger for a single date
Assert that the tokens are at least num characters.
test if ast good
Return the node name of the node this node is associated with.
Return a list of strings that are sorted in the same way but preserving the order of
require http methods for the cart to be added to the cart
Returns True if the step type is a spark step type.
Describe a method definition.
Update the contents of a string with the variables in the old contents.
Converts a text file to a list of strings
Compute the nearest neighbor of a username to a list of users.
Check that the evoked data is the same as the data in the evoked
Loads the globals of the monitor
Update version and revision of font and save to font file.
Returns True if the user can query journald.
Create or update a snippet of a topic in IAM format.
Run a task s command options.
Get the data disk for a VM
return True if source is votable
Calls interpolate function and recalculates the string with the dictionary. Returns the string
Check if a matrix of eigenvalues is stable.
Split string into craft sequence.
Return True if a - b is less than or equal to a - b.
Request the specified jid
Memoizes data in check mdata.
Returns a dictionary of the test arguments.
Computes the sum of a matrix along a given axis.
Return validator data as a dict.
Return all neighbors of the given node in the graph.
Destroy one or more names
Plot a layout.
Return an MD5 hash of the file timestamp.
Assert that num is a compound of num.
Return the power of the rhs if it is a constant.
If tables is none import all tables.
Log the console log after each scenario.
Applies html5lib to text file
Returns the job with the given name if it exists otherwise none.
Read in samples from a file.
Returns a JSON response containing the services of a machine.
Returns a storage object for the specified application.
Get the xdg config directory.
Infer the compression for a file or buffer.
Returns the content of the environ as a JSON object.
Decorator to indicate that a function is unauthenticated.
Match a command s stderr to a specific application.
Returns the user name from the user name.
Raise the abort action for the given task.
Converts a string into a list of scopes.
Extract version number from file.
Creates a boto exception from an exception.
set bonjour object
check if a list is an id list
Get request token and request token secret.
Gets the loop that contains the largest loop.
Returns the list of files in the django db that are incomplete.
Remove an apppool from the system
Instantiate a proxy with the given bindings
Saves project0. checkstyle to project0. save
Select the proxy from the URL.
Add a dict to the specified cookie dict.
Returns an error response with the specified HTTP error code and message.
Round the number to an int.
Copy a document to the protocol buffer.
Returns the full path to the py file of the given module.
Get the maximum value of two elements.
Return the device name from the request.
Returns the ra pid for a given dev.
Split an absolute URI into g [ num g [ num g [ num g [ num g
Return an XML tree from a Cix path.
Decodes a string using the given encoding.
Get or create mrjob service role
Validate the non negative integer or none.
Creates a contextfunction for the install button in jinja2.
Render a single template
Write a file in the deb ppp directory with the iface and data
Returns True if name is not available.
click. command entry point
Make sure that the named parameter is absent
Returns the value of the request parameter as an int.
Return a score value from the given submissions scores and block.
Update the list of colors.
Get font property.
Returns a list of all of the restarts of the specified tcp instances.
convert a list of values to 255
Converts a string representation of an integer to a list of integers.
Get proxies from environment variables.
Return the basename of a path.
Remove a layer from the geonode by its name and uuid
Calls talib. cd inside
Assert ec2 integration
main function. Create a unit partition for an adgroup.
Generate a new token based on the helpers. positional method.
Return a list of absolute values.
Generate a test image comparison with a set of baseline images and a set of text extensions.
virtualname if has consul else bool
Returns the elapsed time since the start time of the Excelerate workbook.
Log the shutdown of the application.
Determine if a process is in the process s cmdline.
Return the http server for the current process.
Pauses up to n times.
Creates a quota update operation.
Register a string beginning of line.
Print text with specified colors.
Set the logger level.
Get the mode for a specific device
route function to create a snapshot of the image
Returns True if the thread data was the last response in dbms
Compute the power test of an effect.
before block offsets.
Gets data from a URL.
Log a message at the specified logging level.
Get the full dictionary for a given lang
Yield rows from range of strings.
Return the targets of the specified type
Create a cros specification of the given size and connections.
Parse the output of a Bdd file and assert that the header matches the given pattern.
Check if an object is a data object.
Fits a random sample of a balance cascade.
Test feature max length on step with table keys.
Remove the first occurrence of a character from a list of strings.
Reads a packet from the tftp socket.
Dump the contents of the image to a file.
Get the system username
Query Visual C ++ for the specified version and arch.
Flatten a regular expression into a single string.
Register a test class with a given method.
Determine the grains to use based on the osdata.
Merge two files at the same time.
Runs the script and returns the result of the script if it returns an error.
read packet from socket
Convert IPv6 address to IPv6 address.
Get an object by name
Update symlinks for a given configuration.
Computes the factors of a berlekamp.
Returns a function that returns the HTTP response for the given etag.
Activate a deployment.
Run a function in WSGI.
Converts a cgi response into a string.
Update the policy elements in the given policy item with the regkey.
Returns a string with the double quotes removed.
Upgrade the installed packages to the latest version.
Get the profile base name for a repository.
If addr is a valid ipv4 netmask return it. Otherwise if addr is not a string
Handle response format for treeio login required.
Register a service
Extract serial number from the show version string.
Returns an absolute URL for the given path.
Get the intersection of x based on the total solid surface thickness and x intersection index.
Make a relative redirect to a specified number of times.
Create a masq config file
Copies a stored file from src to dst.
Returns a QuerySet of the instances associated with the given labels.
Evaluates the quadrature function f for each entry in a list of lists a
Convert Markdown to HTML.
test denoise TV chambolle 3d
Delete the commit information of the rebalance if it exists.
Ensure the ca filesystem exists in the ca folder.
Keep awake the task if it s running or not if it s running.
Test array transforms.
make a tuple of atom numbers into a tuple of atom numbers
Generate frontpage pngs.
Log the provided message as the root logger.
get words by content of a file
Replace gitlab element.
Infer the type of the given arguments.
Returns a string representation of the given value. If the value is a string it will be
List availability zones
Returns attrs from ml headers
Build an xpath path iterator.
This is a test for nvidia driver2.
Make plots of the cost and accuracy.
Returns a string representation of the tree s attributes.
Return the appropriate data class for the given data type.
Assert that no element by xpath selector.
Write data to a tty log file.
never cache password reset confirm.
Parse a query from a list of parts and return a query and a sorted list of query
Returns the unique value of the specified type and id.
Compute the variance of a sequence of samples.
Get the strategy name.
Generate the age of the given issue at the given time.
start logging to stdout
test match rules
Generate a cache key for the request.
Computes the residual of a line segmented projection of a line segmented projection.
Get the value of an option.
Loads an image from a queue and writes it to a summary queue.
Converts a string tag into a string tag.
from multiprocessing. util import get logger
Return a list of the jobs that match the filter
Renders a login view with a title year message and redirect to redirect uri.
Attach translations to a collection of collections.
Convert an entity from message type to message type.
Get language info node.
Infer the frequency of an index
Raises web. http error if the current user is not admin.
Determine if a device is setup for a specific platform.
Convert a list of strings to a list of strings
Add a cell to task log.
Get a plugin service by name or raise an exception if the plugin is not found.
Fail if two values are not equal.
Load test suite from files in specified directory.
rgb ( r g b a ) = num
Function used to generate a custom key based on a prefix and a version.
Writes properties from a workbook.
Read a numpy array from a file - like object.
Print a usage message.
This is a coroutine component. It publishes the result of the function call.
Create zone service.
Returns the total seconds of a timedelta.
Get a file writer for the given file handle.
Summarize the variables of the train variables with the summary collection.
Returns True if the user can browse a repository review.
lighten the color by the given percent.
Process svg element
Registers cronjobs in regions that are not in the specified regions.
Create a scatter plot.
Process docstring.
Remove the component associated with the start iconset.
Generate shell test data.
Raise an AssertionError if the expression is not none.
Get the user name for the local context.
Returns the userid associated with the request.
Find the imp type for a given filename.
Create the directory of the given path in ftp if it doesn t exist.
register. as tag blog months
Log a debug message.
Delete all properties of an image
Check code with pep8.
Swap the memory of a cext. virtual mem.
Convert params to a stack of parameters.
Close event.
Generate a unit summary from the given namespace.
Assert that the specificity score is the same as pred.
Convert a SMS number to an email address using the smscodes dict
Return a gcp connect object
stop a running task
Inspect the inspect command.
Concatenates two sequences.
Calls the C compiler to compile the client code.
Create a new service.
Use this decorator to generate certificates for a task in a non atomic transaction.
Computes the negative binomial coefficient of the ll nb2 function.
Construct a script from the settings dictionary.
This is a decorator that handles the login and login functions. It handles the case that the
Process a file or directory.
Check if a table has a constraint with a given name.
Handle response format for treeio login required
Convenience function that returns a list of strings
Convert a 32 bit integer to a human - readable string.
Get a value from a nested data structure by a dot - separated list of values.
test user profile shortlist
Parse the output spec into a tuple of the output dimensions the output function and the number of
Delete an object from a given URL.
Download a video by its vid.
Get the current Python version.
Get the value of the given metric name.
Raise not implemented error.
Allocate a new lock for a given type.
Return a list of exp ids matching the query string.
Inverse of a.
Parse unicode update from data at the given position.
Reshapes the incoming tensor to a new shape.
Apply module to input and gather the outputs of the specified module in parallel.
Return the version of the running command.
Check if a thread is in the io.
Save the site in the filesystem.
Returns True if virtual else False
Respond to a request with the given code.
Converts a string representation of a date into a time object.
get the object if the number of the objects is equal to the number of the objects in
Create a series of the maximum drawdowns and the maximum duration of the time series.
Get property filter spec.
Run an email job.
Yields a range of items from seqn.
Create a user and group with the same email and username as the admin group.
Flatten an object.
Test conditional returns.
Merge policies from a non report only policies dict into a report only policies dict.
Create a compute node.
Check if any of the problems are in the section.
Sends an email
search for HR
Choose the poc type for a file.
Compute a hist kernel for a tensor.
Convert unicode and repr to native string if possible.
Find the previous version of an addon for a given version string and channel.
Returns the level of the request.
convert from Laplacian - tc f to Laplacian - tc
dim item in p where num is the dimension of num.
Returns a list of host and port for a given host.
Convert a URL to a local file.
Returns the tag associated with a given hg tag.
Yield missing whitespace after import keyword.
Returns tuple of t1 t2 t3 t4 for dev
Register a new signal handler for an object.
Apply a function to each of the elements of a tensor.
Computes the arcsech of a given value.
Set a flag to a certain thread. If the flag is False then a transaction management error
require that the user be logged in and have the required HTTP methods.
Recursively walk the treeroot directory and return all files that match the pattern.
Format the column lengths of the plugin info table.
Return a new data dictionary with the order of the fields in the data.
Convert a blockdevice id to a dataset id
get instance type by flavor id
Get n - grams from sent iterator.
Loads the helper module in inline memory.
Check that the current directory is the same as the current one with absolute paths.
Validate num values
A two step backprop function that computes the gradient of the function at x y.
Get the scene exceptions for the given indexer and season.
Removes the vertical spacing before comments from the given uwline.
Test line profile dynamic.
Return True if the subscription is a string topic or if the subscription is a string topic and
Fit neighbourhood cleaning rule to sample with indices
Check if the user is authenticated.
Return the CPU information for the minion on the minion
Set the given config stub to accept the given URL.
test if ast bad cut
Compute the square root of the norm of two vectors.
Returns a list of module names and their long names in the module description list head.
Count the number of smallints in an array.
Strip accents from a string.
Set the config of the glcanvas
Get the info for a given blob key.
Call cache. use cached files
Print the version number and exit.
Return the absolute value of an object.
Check if the system has the version of the given name.
Set the default values for the log levels and options.
Shift a time series by a specified number of divisions.
Computes the binary log loss.
Return True if the value of the key in the dict has been modified False otherwise.
Return the calendar with the given name.
Generates a random string of given length.
Opens a resource by its name.
Add infill boundary to each of the nested ring s infill boundaries.
Remove handler ref from list.
Unload a module and check its usage count.
Validate name in user pack name blacklist.
Process svg element
Load a class given its name and setting.
Computes the SSE correlation between w and j.
Fix whitespace in lines that start with str.
Import a public key from a extern key.
test import num in vispy
Build a select field for a tool panel section.
Return the html4 annotation of the given htmlpage.
Get the full permission of a user.
Require a page to return a list of documents.
Return a list of files in the given metadata.
Sends a message to the user of the given contrib id.
vectorize a into a list of vectors of a certain length.
Asserts that the make links in the link job logs have the same links as the link
Check if class has inherited table.
A command that sets the value of an option in the configuration.
Get a rollback by name.
Remove a device from the filesystem.
Check if a file exists and its mode is a fifo.
This function is a decorator that can be used to patch the django - encrypt plugin. It
Returns a string with the same characters as the given value.
Return the set of IP6 interfaces on the minion
Calculate the CoA score for a list of lines.
Runs the netcat test program.
Compute the value of a join on the given data frame.
Handle a register request. If the request. method is str then try to send an email
Test a Laplace mask.
Sample color - by - color and map data from given options.
Send a HTTP GET request to the log.
Validate a list of devices
Returns a tuple of the fields list n cols and n cols for a given delim preview of
Converts a string representation of a path into a human - readable representation.
Build a command line subsub template.
Render the specified template using the specified method
Sorts a list by a specified number of elements.
Do a file copy of the remote url to the target directory.
Returns the link to the block s location
fetch image from promo img url and save it
Copies the given filename to the clipboard.
Print an iterable of items.
Create a text file with the specified contents.
Loads an XML file from the given path.
Check that the number of instances is less than the specified min healthy.
Prepares the output of a string according to the given character list.
Remove a user from a salt file
Make a test fixture for the given window and registry.
evalf subs for a given prec return a new subs dict where a and b have been
Returns a human - readable file size.
creates an object and adds it to the list of objects to be created
Yield lines of a given string.
Parse the driverdisk line
Return True if the given tag is a block level level tag.
Put a secret into the secret manager.
Create a new reference from a reference.
Strip the listing to the done state.
Get the absolute path of the file with the given name.
Check if a step file named filename exists.
Computes the logarithm of a sequence of values.
Download the result of the specified task.
Returns a list of all the videos in a course
Parse a URL into a tuple of the path and the saltenv if needed.
If the user is an admin and the group is not an admin remove the admin from the
Split a command into its path cmd and arguments.
This is a test integration function.
Returns a human - readable string representation of the expected diffs.
Evaluate a function with a and b
Returns True if user has permission to edit setting type.
Formats the given URL with the given maxwidth.
Convert a row to a dict.
Install a custom language from the config file.
Returns True if item is present in parent else False.
Set the active figure to sca.
Raise an HTTP error with the given location.
Get a list of paths for a particular scheme.
Add a device for the platform.
Find a language in a dictionary.
Returns a function that creates the name of the module that should be used in this test.
Yields all collectors that are not dead or have expired.
Returns the quoted version of the input string.
Fetch a single entry from the journal table.
Update the port snap
Return the size of an item.
Get points from a segment table.
Redirect to the specified URL.
Calls the get flowgram ali process and writes its output to a log file.
Delete an image tag.
global function to get the current year
Get the tracer associated with a given process.
Translate a string into a regular variable name.
Check if a is b.
Get user info
Begins a window for the specified object and expands it.
Given a graph g and a source node return the list of ancestors of the source node.
Checks that the x is in the correct order.
The main entry point for the console script.
Returns the jump point if the given point is inside the given segment.
Return a copy of roidb with entries that overlap the specified threshold.
Get a value from the table.
Prepare earth position vel.
Recursively parse snippet from a file.
Unmap a numpy array to a specified number of indices.
Check if an ip address is private.
Run the code install task.
Converts a hex color string to a hex color string.
Return the chars from the os name.
Format a string as an RFC3339 date or datetime.
Returns a new google. auth. credentials. with scopes if required.
Create a new image
Get the grain of a user
Send a reply mail.
Parse an interval string.
Convert a jobsub design into an action.
Yields the application name and module name for each app in the apps. get_
Load overrides from a JSON file.
Determine if the object is a LVM
Get the version of the image
Try to detect the basename of a data stream.
Yields a new entity that is the projection of the original entity.
Re - quote a URI.
Invert the data bit.
Get the value of the p abstractator function for a given time.
Raises a requirement error if the invoke version is less than the specified version.
Create a new GCS environment for an app.
Get all role assignments for a user.
Generate keys for a sequence of nbits values.
Fits a random under sampler to sample half the data.
Returns a boolean array indicating if a section has problem
Extract the line at the specified index from the text.
Create SAML provider
drop site.
Log out a user.
Restore the highest status of an app.
Computes the Levenshtein distance between seq1 and seq2.
List the available queues for the specified backend
Like os. path. join but returns a list of relative file names.
Get a list of campaign feed entries for a given placeholder type.
Given a request with a certain scope and a list of all of the config values for each
\ Raises not implemented error.
Runs the demo program for the given language.
List the commits in a repo.
Create a file in the filestore.
Check that keyparser. keystring is a string
Add x y to the x - axis of a loop to the x - axis of a
Test get inst data
Get a colormap by name.
Returns a list of cost functions
Reshapes an array to a new shape.
This function sets up a celery fixture in a given scope.
Update the kwargs dictionary with the given fontdict or if fontdict is specified update the kwargs
Convert a long integer to a raw string.
Convert a reference to an object.
Returns True if the specified resource is enabled in use resources.
Warn the given function if an exception is raised.
Returns a list of messages from the request. user. get and delete messages.
Executes an Open SSL SSL command. Returns the output of the command as a string.
Encode an extension av string.
Returns a tuple of application template directories.
Show the information of an ipsec site connection
Draw if matplotlib is interactive.
Check if a vlan interface exists.
Test that the submission. max similarity is equal to num.
Replace insensitive characters in string with replacement.
Register an optimizer for a gemm.
Takes a snapshot of a repository and tests its status to a certain number of nodes.
Delete a collection summary.
Writes a plist to a string.
command for user more
Remove a message from the chat.
Function that returns the sigmoid of x.
Find missing elements in a list
Return a list of the nodes available to the cloud system.
Open a web page in the window analyze mode
Returns the password for the specified field in the against against against the specified against against the specified
Lower builtin function.
Divide the value of the right hand side of the equation
Decode a JSON string.
interact in memory
Returns the full spec without validation.
Determine whether or not the instances should be captureed for this scenario.
Create a link node.
Gets a new repository and returns it.
Concatenate a list of epochs.
Intersection between all graphs.
Load an ansible config file.
Try to convert a string to an int. If the string cannot be converted raise a value
Execute a command on a minion and return the pillar data.
Returns the guestbook key for the given guestbook name. If no guestbook name is
Builds a survey form from a series and a complete id.
Publish an event to a queue
Render the given template from the given lms with the given context and namespace.
Returns the value of a dict if the key matches the pattern or the default if the key
Return True if value is aware.
Tries to remove and save the node specified by the path specified in the load file.
Convert an array to an array interface.
Returns the elapsed time in seconds since y.
Create a new document and redirect the user to the login page.
Wrapper for pip s main function.
Create a layer from a YAML configuration.
Format a parameter to be used as a query parameter.
Redirect to the specified URL with the specified status.
Escape a string.
Get the current user
Runs the test and asserts the stdout lines.
Returns the cpu arch string of the machine.
Loads the session from the specified file.
Loads the library with the specified name. Returns none if the library cannot be loaded.
Returns the total sum of squares of y.
Return a mock stdout or stderr.
Add orbital feed rate if large then add orbital feed rate if large then
login to the serial port send a command to the console and Log the response.
Get image member count
Get a service by host and binary
Unquote or quote a string if it s a URL.
Parse and simplify the given query.
Get the version of a node in a cluster
get advertisement text for a simple tag
Check if the minion is configured as a virtual minion
Validate a config object against a specified schema.
Find a sr from a vbd reference
Returns a dataframe with the result of each column in res.
route function for the blueprint
Update the specified target with the specified dependencies.
Get user info for a specific user in a knowledge base.
Get the version of the given file.
Yield line number and line number without comments.
Create a new figure.
Setup the platform
Return a list of storage accounts
Configures the logging configuration.
test the op implicit inheritance of a class.
Check if the image mode matches the specified backup mode.
Get the component review
Converts an os to an IP address.
Return a list of all available states in the specified environment
Make an instance method that adds a patch to the result.
Convert string to yes no.
Compute the median test k - sample for a list of groups.
Joins the server directory and the root directory of the file.
return virtual machine name
Cleans the traceback from the exclude list and prints it to sys. stderr.
Parse and return a list of tables from a list of input lines.
Remove all metadata models from the database.
Assert that the object is generated using the code from generate import code.
Log a debug message.
Adds a new variable to the expression p where num is the number of the variable to
Returns the next url for the login page.
Convert a sequence matrix to a string matrix.
Find a script in the system.
Return the keys for a set of nbits using the getprime func
Get the previous version of the current tag.
Convert a sequence of bytes to a string of the length of a sequence of bytes.
Get all the daemons that are not enabled or disabled.
Return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary.
Load the manifest for the given package.
Computes the raw annotation score based on the current active columns and previous predicted columns.
Shortcut to run a module main function.
Get a filter from a function or class.
Converts a datetime to time.
Return the number of returners in the specified environment
Returns a slug version of the given value.
Get an array of data
Find the version number in a file.
Test if script has good algo option.
verify the type of a service
Return a p multiplicative expression where 1 is the value of t.
Submits a dataproc job to the specified cluster. Returns the job id.
Return the pardir of the file.
This function writes the history archive to a text file and writes the history archive outside of the
Delete one or more artifacts from the datastore.
Check if the feature is enabled.
Parse a requirements file and return a tuple of requirements and a list of links.
Get the translated storefile for the given store at the given pootle path.
Create a composite lease strategy.
Modify the display name with html
Check that the given smote is an instance of sk estimator.
Render the inheritance diagram for the given node.
Convert a short value to an RGB value.
Return the number of open file descriptors in the current process.
Converts a resource to a topic.
Save the answer to the database.
Test if an math subclass is equal to another.
Import a Cytoscape index module.
Decorator to add an nd option to a class.
Create a new terrtext document for the given country.
must be logged in oauth application detail
Replace dashes and other dashes with their old dashes.
Computes the chi - squared difference between two data points.
Override an existing setup. py with a new setup. py.
Wrapper for the stats. histogram function.
Find the feat part of an artist in an album artist.
Check if numpy is installed.
Generate an image from a source file.
Replace num rows with num rows where num is the number in the table and num is the
Save an object to an hdf5 file.
Get the local ip of a network interface
Assert that dt1 and dt2 are equal.
Add entities to the specified platform.
Generates a cookie value.
Extracts the ms payload from the string payload.
Return the names of nodes that are a subclass of superclass.
Writes the given file to the given name. If should analyze is True the file will
Escape a string.
center scale xy by mean and standard deviation.
Return commit item for s3 rest controller
Converts an exception into a string if err is an instance of str. message or if
This is a helper function to test if a certain flag is present in the given data.
Return True if the value is not scalar zero.
Commits the committees and returns the committees data.
Delete the specified resource.
Invert a mapping.
CLI options for a configuration file.
Builds a list of tests for a given test file.
Translate the geometry of an element to the geometry of an element.
Convert a timestamp to a datetime.
Create hash function.
Writes a JSON object to a temporary file.
Returns a string with quoted version of the given string.
Adds click. group and click. version to a context.
Run the CLI.
Creates new perm for metrics that are not in the view menu set
Add a message prefix to the migration.
Compare the y value of a point to another point.
Read a text file.
Returns the path to the git repo with the specified sub.
Get the current state of a process.
Run a test install folder using relative path.
Check if a string is a valid JSON object.
Simple tag check severity.
Check if one or more Mentolib packages are installed in the given TCL tree
Format a list of JSON files.
Print out the command line to stdout.
Returns the team s team if the user is an admin. Otherwise returns the team s team
Save the current state of the clipboard to a file.
Inverse of a matrix.
Get the next frame of a media player.
Reindex the question answers when a task is created.
Create a new descriptor from a proto.
Return True if the expression is pruned False otherwise.
Returns a list of available languages
Get a permissions resolver for a resource type.
Check if the user is a member of the holiday list.
Given a path and a radius return the simplified path of the path up to radius.
Exclude an entry from a list of items in a particular language.
Run a command on the specified host and return the response.
Returns a tuple of requests to be sent to the CLI plugin.
Extract the number of bits from a bits stream.
Compute the residue reduce derivation.
Joins a list of strings into a single string.
Function that returns a list of eval eval eval evals
Hash a password tuple.
Checks if the registration code is valid
Assert that configdata. section desc is a string.
Computes the sphere constraint of a sphere.
Determine if entry should be skipped.
Return True if a dtype can represent a value.
Delete a filesystem filesystem filesystem mount point.
Returns a list of plugin file names from the skein package plugins directory.
Format a sequence of items according to the given testobj.
Set up the default set of tools for an app to run in a test environment.
Ensure project with the specified name is absent.
Computes the summary of a collection.
Compare the screenshot of a movie and save it to a file.
project into pifacc
Shuffles an array.
Load an image from a file.
Find an ec2 address by public ip and device id
Adds a string cell to the work notebook.
Returns the sha1 hash of the values of the item s version fields.
Run a single link in a network.
Generate a file in the specified directory using ns func.
Parse the header links in a string.
Verifies the signature of a message.
Returns the name of the init file.
Check if the grains are virtual.
Read the content of a text file.
Return os release info.
test rgb yuv dataset
Computes the correct prediction for a given target matrix.
Connect to an ssh service
Create a module and all its parents.
Parse patterns for ignore patterns.
Ensure that the named service is in the running state.
Eject a monom from a monom to a monom.
Makes an md5 hash of the upid string.
Read count double values from a file - like object.
Encrypt a message with the given key.
Parses the given file - like object.
Display a random shuffle of the song list
Validate that a string s is a slug.
A version - aware version - aware version - based version - aware version - based version -
Create a tuple of angle values.
Return a list of keys matching the pattern
Renders the receiver for the activity when the post is deleted.
Returns the sum of all values of a given dtype.
CLI entry point.
update the namespace of the item s tag to new namespace
Is this a valid ext comm attr of a route dist?
hex dump of data at addr % num
Repeats the API call until the specified marker is found or the specified marker is not
Calculate the HMAC - SHA1 hash of a string.
Unfreeze a file or directory.
Handles the moderator of a user in a forum.
Register a simple tag for a single entry.
Stop a running client on the specified port. If the client is running in a non -
require a context manager to create a volume
Returns an imperative if the sentence is a string. If the sentence is a string
Create a project member no email no user
Returns a markup representation of the last updated value of an object.
Returns a sink for the given resource.
Return a list of ipsecpolicies
Attempt to import a package but if an error is raised return a missing package.
Returns the ssh interface for the given VM
Sample a set of rois in the image.
Extract coding from text.
Return the line number of the current file.
return information about gluster
Get a function from a callback where a value error is raised
Takes a list of values and returns a list of values that are major of each value
Convenience function for setting an index in a dataframe.
HTTP DELETE request to API endpoint
Remove an element from a pixel list from a pixel dictionary.
Return a slice of f where the index j < num and the index k < m.
Render an icon.
Retry on failure.
Setup the platform.
Checks if a file exists or if it doesn t.
Evaluates the given SQL code in the given variables.
Returns the distribution string for the current platform.
Clear the specified buffer from the remote connection.
Raises value error if obj is not a numpy array.
Create an image with the given values.
Queue a list of models in the given queue.
Create a source from a file cache.
Checks if a file exists in the given path.
Show the details of a hosted service
Execute a single highstate test on the given data
Swap the two axes of a tensor
Set the carrier name.
Get the crafted text from a text string.
Convert a dict to a JSON pretty formatted string.
Builds a column - width header string.
global fake nodes
Evaluate an expression with an optional list of allowed codes.
Convert a list of string values into a tf. train. feature. bytes feature.
Process the rheader record.
Render an XML template using an atomic request.
Create a queue if it doesn t exist.
Decodes predictions.
Run a test runner that asserts that the function was called only once with a list of
Split a branchfile into a branch and a file.
Compare two digests
Start a running command. Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the command is started.
Returns a list of all messages from js files in the specified app.
Add a port to a bridge
Context manager for a contextual context manager.
Convert an xarray to a keyset
Computes a linear least - squares solution to the equation x = y.
Copy a file - like object to another file - like object.
Get the next url for a given request.
Swap case.
Parse a server raw string into a dict.
Get a paged list of issues for a project.
Update a set of samples in the autotest directory.
Create a test configuration for a given schema with an invalid value.
Builds a custom command for the hook.
Validates a config dict. Returns a boolean and a string if the config dict is a
Evaluate a function f and return the result as a polynomial.
Create the default group for the test suite.
Return a yaml representation of the states.
Run a git command
Derive a certificate using a common name and private key.
Returns True if the socket is dropped False otherwise.
Perform k - fold validation on test dataset.
Update a profile picture data url.
Returns a list of types that are not fused in the given type.
Helper simplify function.
Checks if a type is a pointer type.
Check if a file exists in a list of include directories.
Execute code in run globals.
Return the see other location for a given falcon. http_ 303 location.
Formats a timestamp to a human - readable string.
Store a new ticket in the state file.
Generate a valid slug.
Returns a list of the mirrors on the specified hostname.
Calculate the arMA acovf.
Add a new link to the subreddit.
Test cluster permutation t test
Return True if keyring exists False otherwise.
Encode a string to a base64 encoded string.
Unzip a dictionary of parameters into a new dictionary of parameters.
arg parser for tenant network show
Return a dict of all of the name - > value pairs of all of the extension names
Get the uuid of a label
Return a function that takes a number of arguments and returns a function that takes a number of
Reverse the URL to the library function with the given locale.
Get the last request http in the current thread.
test prewitt h horizontal
Run the application with the given Python application.
Load an X. 509 certificate with the given names.
Sends an email to each of the admins specified in settings. admins.
Process svg element
testing. requires testing data
Get a list of user email preferences models.
Log the physical memory of the log file.
Get a secret from the secret manager.
Wrapper around the async. publish progress function.
Create an image.
Return a list of resource events for the given request.
Sets the dirty flag for the given database using the given database.
Update a client in a module.
safe version of np. isinf
Computes the Markov Fourier transform of a matrix.
Require post to be voteable
Get the file in a given directory.
Calculate the time - domain Fourier Transform
require post and ensure csrf cookie
Get the size of a directory.
Append an xml text node.
Assert that num is a date in the same timezone as mdates. drange.
Convert Unicode to HTML.
Returns a list of all models to patch.
List all tmux configs in the specified directory.
Register a new route in the VRF table.
get interpret plugin by file name
Updates the subject interests for a user.
Check if the given element is focused on the browser.
Generate a k - value pair.
Assert that the datetime object is naive in the Django database.
Unmounts a volume from the filesystem.
Returns a list of all processes in the system.
Returns loop without intersections.
Make a random image name.
Returns the max value of x.
Opens a database file.
Run a simple timed install of a node and its prereqs.
Select an item from a time series.
Set a value in a data structure based on a dot path or list of values.
Returns the full path to the specified module.
require a password change
Return the list of paths where the specified package should be bootstrapped.
Return a computer name
Yield unique items from a sequence preserving the order.
Set the agent agent agent settings.
Sign a file with ed25519. Raises exception if the signature is different from the
Make the call request and response to the datastore.
Computes the complete set of measures for a single node.
Merge two sorted lists of length length into a single sorted list of length - length elements.
Checks if an object is a function.
Test pooling with an anonymous variable.
Convert a JSON string to a Python string.
Call talib. cd outside
Returns a list of credit provider display names
flash the user to the specified username.
Performs a request to retrieve a shared resource.
Construct an algebraic field from a list of coefficients.
Return the power p of num and the power p of num.
Resolve a mail exchange by name and return the mail exchange object.
Return True if the salt is virtual False otherwise.
Check if a value is within a range of keypoints.
Convert unicode to the local version.
Strip chars from s.
Handles response format for treeio login required.
Returns a list of lan IP addresses
Get the name of the image on the disk.
Change the gid of a process.
Get version from versionfile
Determine if the rt table is available for the given ip
Notifies about the usage of an instance.
Remove all paths from the root of the list of paths.
Wrap the given text to the given width.
Bulk rename a site in a CSV file.
Convert a list of choices to a vector of elements.
Get registration object by user email.
Convert a 2d constant to 1 d.
Render a message when a user is associated with a login failure.
poll a process until a certain number of times is reached
Prepare the test output of a table with successless output.
Raises an AssertionError if actual < = desired.
Parse a single table from a line of text. Returns the table name or None if the
Register a simple tag.
global uri prefix
Enables the specified module if it is not enabled.
project poly a inside poly b
Get the crafted text from the text if the text is empty or the text is
p iteration statement 2. 0 - > p iteration statement 3. 0 - > p iteration
Extract boolean value from string.
Test world class should be able to absorb class
Run a test module.
Check if the given node class is abstract.
Returns the string representation of a course key.
Returns True if f is readable False otherwise.
Returns True if the user can edit the given group profile.
Submits a task to calculate the value of features in the csv file. Returns the
Recursively check link destination links in a container.
mnc to mnc2mvsk
Returns the version number of the pi module.
Run a command and return its stdout.
Get paths without close sequential points.
Setup 2 axes
Calculates the cone of a individual at a given position.
Fit a single class to a set of data points.
Assert that each unit summary has the same prefixes.
Uninstall the requests context manager.
Returns the value in the range where the value is less than or equal to the given value
Hashes a file and returns the hex digest of its contents.
Returns a JSON string with the num and the number of the key associated with the response.
Get the external ip
Set a random poc and metadata for a resource.
Return a socket that listen on the specified port.
Raise crypto unavailable error if it s not available.
theme project controller
Max reduction op.
Returns True if the ip is in the qtconsole
Returns a list of the services that are not enabled in the current runlevel.
Return a list of supported schemes.
Returns the documentation of the current command.
Return a panel that is the inherited panel from pillar.
Get the sqlite db.
Updates the set of options for the given column model.
Returns a formatted string representation of the given time zone.
Test function for power expansion.
Load mime types from a list of locations.
Validate that all values in a list are valid port numbers.
Run a control command.
Returns the unit effective price of a line
Associate a floating ip to a server.
Render a dashboard column.
Delete a queue in the region
Check if a string is a valid fingerprint.
Adds a new course tab to the list of tabs of the given type and returns the
Returns the logarithm of x.
Greedily wrap a string to a maximum width.
Returns a list of strings that do not have a prefix in the trie.
Check if a worker is in a specific load balancer.
Asserts that item1 is before item2. item1 and item2 are strings.
Pilight message about sensor value
Returns the string of a number with the given decimal places.
Wait for a given snapshot to have a certain status.
Reads a string from a matrix.
Create a fake option values function.
Remove tags from document.
Print the julia code of the expression.
Returns a list of locations for a given set of locations.
Returns the image with the given name.
Calls the given service in the given sample
Blend an image on a canvas.
parse a date string using the perforce formatting
Returns a list of regions for use with boto. rds2. layer1. layer
Get the lines without the duplicate word.
Register a schema with a path.
Prints a summary of the results.
Format a string using HTML - based formatting.
Extract the version number from out.
Create a list of tests for a tool that are not defined in the environment.
Get a new speed repository and return it.
Get a random integer n.
Uploads the project to VCS.
Alloca once the value and store it.
Raise empty scalar error if data is not a numpy scalar.
Create a new WSGI resource.
Add a host to an existing aggregate host.
Returns the backing file name for the given volume.
Returns an iterator of all the plugin keywords.
Returns a list of power types
Function to reload the module when a string is received
Login to Google voice.
View that requires csrf token to be rendered.
Return the present state of the named key
Get the value of a V - printer function.
Convenience function to call talib. ht trendmode from the talib
Parse input spec into image shape.
Returns the library associated with the given name or None if the library is not found.
Create a new runtime location.
Get a list of models.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the package with the given requirements should be installed.
Show the vocabulary in the data dict.
Returns a list of the inactive virtual machine names.
Returns the package name from the data dictionary.
Parse a comma separated list of tokens.
Return a media list.
Remove all. pyc files that are not in py files.
Returns the URL for a static file.
include debug css
Determine if a field is aligned to one of the align percents.
signal receiver for models. signals. post delete
Calculate the bitwidth of a string.
Returns the list of packages that are available to upgrade to the current version of the specified package
Normalize a URL.
Initialize parameters based on options.
Computes the commutation matrix between p and q
Test for distance comparison.
Convert a value to a hex string.
then scenario is selected with cmdline.
Generate the managed section of a cluster.
Returns a human - readable string representation of the time in seconds.
Fetch one or more streams of the given plugin. interval is the interval in seconds.
test float range 3 - tuple
Create a set of arounds from the points in the loop.
Validate the response object.
Project v onto w by the dot product of v and w.
complete a list of rules
Computes the summary of the given generator.
Moves the user s vouches received and redirect the user back to their username.
Initializes the global arguments.
Get the instance associated with the given key from the database. If the key does not exist
Log warning.
require project - bar. txt
Get the minimum value of a list of paths.
Start a sync manager.
Check if the type of each nucleotide is compatible with the base alphabet.
Return True if the role exists.
Setup the platform.
Delete an object or list of objects from the datastore.
Execute a SQL job.
Sanitize a string.
Calculates the duration of a float.
Returns the string representation of the dtype name of an object.
Parse a string that contains a string containing a number of different sizespecs.
Find targets in a list of fully qualified target names.
Normalizes the HTML content.
Gets a random appid from a remote URL
Encode tablib dataset.
Delete a zone.
Get the scatter property for an entity in the datastore.
Unregisters a mimetype handler.
Logs the user out.
Compute the value of the subterms of the expression and return the result.
Check if file name is empty or was cancelled.
enter an auto scaling group
Returns a list of IPv6 addresses associated with an interface.
Returns the absolute or relative stylesheet reference for the given settings.
Calls the specified method of the specified symbol.
Check environment variables and print error message
Return a list of results from the given cl.
Test if the full string is not the same as the full string.
Assert that each element in the list is an instance of the given class.
Registers the number of entries in a zpool
Reload the csf command.
Strip sysmeta prefix from key
rename old to new
broadcast arrays.
Start a VM
Assert that the volume source space is the same as the volume source space.
Returns the full path to the ipset command.
Returns an HTTP response containing the rendered string of the image data.
Add negatives and posatives to the mesh.
Install a package.
Raise exception in jinja template
Perform a unit test on the sum of the rows and columns of a matrix scaled by a
Return the machine name of the system.
Filter a string from the register.
Assert that a feature is loaded from a file sets scenario line and scenario filename.
Return a string representation of the time since epoch.
Divides a polynomial by a factor factor factor factorization.
Hash a file
Yield successive n - sized chunks from seq.
Computes components of x from f. free symbols and f. derivative.
Returns True if the registration should be approved or False otherwise.
Assert that p1 and p2 are close.
Delete a topic rule.
Launch a software switch.
Create a test completion for the default parameters.
Recursively create a new mergetree from src to dst.
Replace symbols with their XML equivalents.
Return a build page.
Converts a string to an sqlite3 database lower - case and returns it.
Prints the user name if username is none or username if username is None.
Execute a statement in a concurrent thread.
Verifies the oauth request.
Loads a model from a text file.
Set hrm vars for current user
Ensure that the named role is absent
Check if a string is a channel
Upload a template and reload it if it already exists
uplink variants Section 9. 2. 7
Replace non - HTML characters with their legacy HTML - escaped version.
get filter query
core helper helper function
Displays the commit message.
Check if a string is a valid type in the arch.
extract items from open tab
Split url into path and query.
Recursively load a namespace and rebuild it.
A with - contextmanager that wraps the specified enter and exit functions in a nested contextmanager
Convert number of mcycles to seconds.
Get the description of the speed setting.
Install from file index hash link.
Returns a vim. vm. device. virtual vmxnet2 virtual vmxnet3
Run all the tasks.
Returns a profile class based on settings. auth. profile module.
Sets a list of locations
Return a string with all semicolons removed.
Returns the hmac sha256 digest of the given message.
Get a namespace by its identifier log error and raise an exception if the namespace is not visible
Return a new expression where the left - hand side is the left - hand side of the
Filter a string by a regular expression.
Check if a plugin is enabled.
Convert timedelta to seconds.
Read a string from a file - like object.
Recursively remove all files that match the glob patterns.
Returns a regular expression that matches the TOC string of the given indexname.
Convert a string of bytes to a string of bytes.
Partition a list of nodes into a single partition node.
Return a list of placeholders from the extend node.
Shortcut for page links plugin show all page links
Extract the tail of elem from its parent.
Checks if the login is fresh before the request is made.
Check if a string is a valid ip address
Parse a list of kinds and return a tuple of known size total size and the number of
Get a list of attributes from an object.
Copies a stored file from src to dest.
Load an image from a base64 string.
Parse format method string.
Get the ca signed key
Given a message return a list of args to be passed to the function.
Use analyze. analyze syntax to index the string into unicode.
Get geometry output by connection.
Get the value of a hash field
Make a local path from a string.
Prints the string representation of the search in debug mode.
Runs the test script as an import statement.
safe version of np. max abs
Setup the platform.
Builds the command list for the current version of the Sopel module.
Convert a list of files to a single filename.
Process a bitmap string and return a dictionary of data.
test all threading tasks in a list
Converts the keys of a dictionary to their transformed paths.
Return True if obj is a set of binops.
Cast an object to a target class
Return a histogram of the given number of histograms.
Check if the value is a password
Creates a cryptomath triple des instance
Find the network with the specified bridge
Draw a spectral graph.
aligns unaligned seqs
Get the toy data.
Prompt the user to select a config from a list of options.
default error handler
Get media instance position.
Pretty - print an array of parameters.
Decorator to skip unless the settings object is of the same type as a string.
Parses the line that contains the given line of text and returns the parsed line.
Return a dict of re verification status names sorted by date.
Returns the site object.
Get venv path.
Create the rate limit configuration if it does not exist.
Convert a float value to a constant value.
Create a new password for the hook.
test exit on collection with maxfail bigger than n errors
Get the crafted text from the text if the text is empty or the repository is
Return True if the distance between num and - num is a negative number.
Change the retention policy of a database.
+= string to ctx. output += string
A dict property.
Get the content of a file in S3 and delete it.
Get the string representation of a type.
Get the configuration for the ansible environment.
Get the ip address of the sentinel master
Determine whether a list of repository dependencies has repository dependencies.
Iterate over the given fields.
Remove a device from the context.
Send a message v2.
skew op.
Add a node to the end of the XML document.
Print out the context manager for the current context manager.
Takes a string and returns the string after it s at the end of the string.
Create a archive of a package.
Pretify the order of the line.
Get all by project
Check if a string is a string canonical int.
Set the user and hosts for this environment.
Returns the name of the hybrid bridge with the given name.
Return a tuple of strings that match the sort key of a string.
Transform a value to a string.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the response contains the CORS features in the response.
A test function that re - raises a value error if an error occurs.
Gets the saved rules from the given configuration file.
Create the database if it doesn t already exist
Return the number of CPU cores.
Get the number of commits in a given string.
Convert a version string into a tuple of integers.
feed reader for a group
Create a patch viewer for the given dataset.
Concat multiple values into a single string.
Runs the event loop until an exception is raised.
Colorize text.
Returns the package name of a given file.
Joins the given HTML string with the given generator using the conditional escape of the given separator
Add a list of syncing models to the syncing models.
Get information about a module in a package.
Compare two namespace to determine if the two names are the same or not.
Train the optimizer.
Resize the given data to the viewport of the given socket.
Returns True if the file or directory at the given path exists False otherwise.
Calculate common variables.
Returns a list of all the files in the snippet directory.
Return metadata for given items in which the plurality is equal to plurality of
Return the sids of the test songs.
Get the value of a node annotation.
Get snapshot data
Return the session counter.
Writes the given string table into the given file.
Raise exception with args and config.
Decorator for dispatch functions.
Sets the error message to the user - supplied error message.
Return True if the collect function matches the passed list of test paths.
Load a glyph from a file - like object.
Return the first day and last day of the month of the given date.
Returns a list of all the notification callbacks
pinv 1d array
Return n >> b.
Rotate a vector by an angle along an axis.
Check if an upgrade is available
Get the commit message for the given username.
Shortcut to send mails that are part of a task.
Decorator to allow public functions.
Returns a list of datastore fields for the given resource and valid field types.
Rotate a rotation matrix between two matrices.
Gets a random vector for a model and sets its value to the specified vector.
Returns a list of all enabled and disabled values.
Return the grains for the minion
Prepare value for lookup.
test read normal mode
Converts a list of strings to s
Display a response indicating the required login of a treeio service agent.
Detects paths in a sequence of strings.
Set properties for an image
Set the gl entries by account.
Returns a list of report messages from the given report.
Returns a quoted version of the given string.
Initializes the configuration variables for the current OS.
Parse string representation of date.
Find the migration repository.
Recursively process rules list.
Return a tuple of arguments and environment variables that will be passed to coverage.
Convert text into text according to RFC3986.
Return the number of lines and width of the terminal.
Converts a batch to a sparse matrix.
Cache a file only if it already exists
Returns the URL to remove a tag from question.
inject a function into the namespace of pyopengl2
Get the remote URL of a git repository.
Determine if two pixels are collision by hitmask1 and hitmask2.
Extract the error message from a page.
Add a proxy to the request handler
Returns True if name starts with the given prefix otherwise False.
Get media instance title.
Start logging an observer for a file.
Check if the server is alive.
Get the proxy bypass servers for a network service
Parses the given date string into a W3dtf - formatted date object.
Creates a new entry id
Get phylogenetic metric by name
Config google home listen port
Decode a string to a unicode string.
Returns a random string
Format a stat response.
Create a base cipher from the given parameters.
Add an xml xyz to the output.
Yield successive n - sized chunks from an iterable.
requires segment info
Gets the access key of the environment.
Get the current job in the stack.
Remove a directory if it is empty
Returns True if the user s votes are visible or if the user is logged in and the
Finds all the scopes for the given service names.
Perform a string insertion unsort on the given string.
Trim leading lines from the end of a list of lines while preserving the order of
Checks the version of the distribution to see if it s a valid version.
Return the name of an object.
Return a random password
Get the crafted text from a text string.
Parse manifest. xml file and return manifest object.
Convert plaintext to HTML.
Return the value of the port number.
Formats the given value in a human - readable way.
Registers a handler for the Qt - based Qt - based widget widget widget widget widget
Concatenate a list of arrays along a specified axis.
Import and initialize the readline library.
resize image to a specific size
Returns True if action is required.
must have permission.
Renders and sends the decision email.
Create a rebulk representation of the language
Copy query options to the protocol buffer.
Return the angle along the axis of a matrix.
Return the s3 representation of a user s represent name.
Split a string into quoted and non - quoted strings.
Wrapper for the sr loop function.
Like dict. update but raises key error if key in dict to is not set.
Create a new command for a manager.
Load a list of image names
Generates a new tab list for a given depth
Create a recurring run.
Returns true if the sum of the values of x is less than the origin of x.
Update volume type extra specs
Find all tests in a directory.
Adds the amount of time in the specified time unit and amount of time in the specified
Initialize the logging handler.
Make a list of all pairs of a contrast.
root device name from properties.
Filter a sosfilt biomal signal
library. global function that returns the tag vocab as a JSON string.
Check that the channels names and types are the same as the names in the evoked
Replace ownership information with their ownership information.
Get the left point of a list of points.
Create all of the tables in the database.
Get associations for a volume type
Convert a timestamp protobuf to a datetime.
Return the cache id for a given resource.
Create a new package for this task.
Set the logger class.
Call talib with ds and return the min index
Return the fermat of n
Gets the content of the given URL and returns the response as a string
Recursively evals the diff function.
Sends a notification email to all the users of a language for a specific user
Computes the kernel of two kernels
Create a link between a volume and a backup.
Show the details of a specific job.
Get zone by name.
Cull a list of potential strings into a list of matches.
Open a resource by its name.
The main entry point for the spreadsheet tool.
Create pairtree marker.
Returns a heappushed version of g without heapify.
Create a container application factory.
A context manager that silences sys. stdout and sys. stderr.
Compute the max norm of a filter.
Assert that each table in a string is the same as the expected table.
Get the readme files dict for a repository.
Read a cron config from the croninfo file.
Returns the gating user s gating content.
Create a certificate issuer id
Check if a user has a permission for a group or org.
Test dae. yaml
Replace strings in text.
Parse rarefaction file name
Print information about a virtual machine.
Parse a range header
Returns a tuple of the module name and the module name of the given file.
Creates a version for an addon but atomicly sign it.
Return a list of the names of the available modules
Computes the compression rate for a given file.
Adds a translation for a plugin
Returns the type of the given result.
Validate a URL against a set of protos.
Uninstall one or more packages from the list of installed packages.
Returns a numba. types. measure. measure function.
Prints the BokehJS script to the console.
Create a datetime from a uuid1 value.
Create a DHCP options resource
Tokenize a line of text and return a list of local variables.
Return a copy of a numpy. ndarray of the specified dtype.
Return the angle of the interior of the element node.
Given a pipeline stage lookup the candidates of the given task.
Update the languages in the page if the publisher is draft and mark descendants pending in the pending
Check if a parameter is in one of the values or return a default if it is not
Return the initialization result.
Return a dict with the contents of dict a and dict b.
id. idzr id of a
Yields a generator for all the registered models.
Return the type of the image
Return a list of nodes in the specified location
Check if a device exists.
Assert that the application requires the markers to be displayed.
Get a password and store it in the local dictionary.
Return a delimited list of the elements of the list.
Returns a list of all test cases in a module.
Get all devices by instance uuid
bench r6.
Generate a jid
A function that performs the actual rmtree error handler.
Return the Qt widgets instance associated with the Q instance.
Add one or more objects to the list of objects that will depend on the device memory of
Get the version number of the server.
Opens a new connection to the database.
Get documentation for a given command.
Get a random descending key.
Check if a given file is a tty.
Convert a color array to a color array.
Returns a copy of the txn id if the txn id is different than the passed - in
Checks the configuration of the agent
Helper function to add a new controller
Convert an image list to a image blob.
Stop memory profiling.
Return the unicode string of p if p is a unicode object otherwise return p if p is
Returns a datetime. date instance from a string of year month and day.
Returns the length of the longest id in a sequence.
Yield a value in an exception context.
Add sparse endpoints to a segment.
Simplify the node.
Convert a version string to a version info tuple.
Set ownership of path.
Get the cloud config value for a VM
Returns a list of problems with the help text of the given command.
Get a consumer.
Return the commit offset of the version string. If version is none or the version number is
Return True if hostname is valid.
Get the current time of a media player.
Returns the string representation of the given version string.
Converts a string representation of an IPv4 address into its hex representation.
Run a function in WSGI.
Open a trace from a host and port.
Return the conjugate of a float.
Create a counter from ind1 ind2 and indpb.
Rearrange a time t so that t is a positive number.
Split port into host and port.
Return the code generator for the given node.
Write end of 64 - bit data to the end of the archive64 record.
Raise an exception if the logical line is not a comma.
Computes the mne of a rotation from one location to another.
Returns a list of all the locale dirs in the given resources.
get linux adapter name and ip address
redirect to the default URL
Return themin script.
arg parser for remove security group
Helper function to create the tooltip for a node.
View that requires csrf token to be rendered.
Validate an XML file.
This function asserts that the description of a scenario is the same as the description of a
Computes the Hermitian covariance matrix.
Send emails using celery.
Print a debug representation of the object.
Log a message at the specified logging level.
Handle the response format for treeio login required by the module admin required by the user.
Convert an asset id to a timestamp and a uniquifier.
if boto is not installed return True. Otherwise return False.
Send an OAuth consumer mail
Return a list of the certificates for a service
Escape a string.
Sorts a dictionary according to the given property.
Normalize a float to a certain number.
Shortcut for the googl hook.
redirect to remove compiled application
Get the long description of a file.
Handle response format for treeio login required.
Return the backup mode of the option if backup is specified. Otherwise return the backup option.
Get the logger for the given name.
Returns a URL for the given view name.
Return the primitive in x0.
Patch the thread module if threading is True.
Determine if the OS supports the system avx or not.
Register a new yank nth arg.
Escape a string.
Get a language variant from a language path.
Calculate the arounds from a list of paths.
Remove old cronjobs and cleanup image files
Get the supported language variant for a given language code.
test if p is a list
require admin commands priority etc.
Make allocated size test cases.
Runs the given script if it exists.
Use this function to get the command string.
Writes the specified message to the specified file.
Create a coroutine that unlink identities.
Remove the immutable attribute of the target.
Make the file fn read - only.
Validate the commit message.
Return True if dist is in user site.
Wait for the volume type to be changed.
Make unicode compatible.
Transpose a matrix.
Convert a single color to a single color.
Tries to convert the given value to a string and returns the time as a string.
Determine if a string is in a string or not.
Serialize an object to JSON.
Gets a list of instance UUIDs for a given host.
Delete a document from the database if it exists
Returns a list of installed jsonrpc applications.
Return the object associated with the packetid
Parses a list of inputs using the specified grammar.
Gets the pyos input hook.
Returns a tuple of the result and the properties of the task.
Returns the path to the image file for a given instance.
Detects the value of a CSV stream. Returns a boolean value if the stream is a
Add gradients summary.
Parses the specified credentials and returns them as a tuple.
Log a message to the logger but only if the logging module is enabled.
Check if the value is an int
Converts string to string and writes it to ctx. output.
Return the language dictionary for the given site.
Recursively convert the given value to js.
Splits a string into a list of strings.
Read a pcap file.
Remove missing values in y from x
Check the journal to see how many items are in the config
Creates a new twitter block
Compute instance hardness threshold using instance hardness threshold.
List virtual interfaces
Saves the editor to the specified buffer.
Get a group type by context id.
Convert uidb36 to uidb64
Sends a notification email to the authors of the cronjobs.
Enable a service on the minion
Instantiates an instance of the protoc plugin with the given arguments.
Return a copy of t1 where t1 is a table where masked = True where t
A breadth - first - search.
Return the name of the default node of the specified hostname.
Make an HTTP POST request to the given URL with the given data
Find the first occurrence of a path in a list of finders.
find elem with wait
Return the list of available languages for the given template tag.
Returns the response after a password reset is done.
Attempt to find a line by looking in a file - like object. Returns the line number
Yields items from a function stream generator.
test grid search for logistic regression
Fail if first equals second as determined by the == operator.
Create a shape from a path
Concatenate a list of tensors along an axis.
Set a font for a configuration file.
Returns a dictionary of all instance faults in the database.
Get breadcrumbs for given query and path.
Validate a URL using the bug tracker. Raises validation error if the input URL is not
Wrapper around subprocess. Popen and wait for it to finish.
custom field context for zendesk
Rebuilds the code.
Get the const index of a matrix.
Get the lockfile or the server if it exists.
Merge a set of hosts with a set of roles
test that require a single existing key
Round number to three places.
Helper function to click an element with the given css selector.
Return the xunit function associated with the given name.
Return the configuration of the given path with the given lock.
Prepare the list of asides to store.
Resume an instance
Truncate the value to the specified number of words and return the result as html.
Return a list of all of the properties that are passed in
Check if the rewrite of a function is the same as arg.
check and fix fs dir
Returns the tooltip for the request.
Returns a numpy. float float or np. complex dtype depending on the value of dtype.
Update the compatible versions of the app.
get gecos by name
Get paths from indexes
Check that the text is in the file.
Builds a list of all files in a directory.
Get a driver by name
Returns a human - readable name for a function.
Return a contextmanager for the given cache object.
Get the lease of a vm on a libvirt network.
Set xml element s attribute dictionary by argument names.
Get a minibatch of a given size.
A test that imports packages that are not in the ignore list.
Load object by dot notation.
Expand the dimensions of an array.
Determine if two tensors are equal.
Convert a list of issues into a dict.
Get the filesystem encoding.
Ensure that the beta signed log is allowed for the given action.
Return a list of all the possible values of the system
Get the MAC address associated with a given interface
Multiply self by rhs if rhs is a variable and not a constant.
generate a new dataset with the old number of items
Convert a geometry element node to a geometry element node.
bar plot of an iterable.
Reshape a list to a 2D array.
Returns a pre - run code hook if any. Otherwise returns none.
Asserts that an mlp learn scale propagated at Alloc.
embed an album into an image.
Executes the specified command in the current namespace. If the command is in the global namespace
Seed a random number
Get a single user.
Replace html and illegal unicode characters with their html representation.
inverse of s imode.
group the values by a certain number and then compute the sum of the values by a certain
Convert an element node to geometry output.
Set logger level and propagate for child loggers.
Builds hardware information from a list of clients.
linear func between t y and a
Traverses a tensor x and copies its contents to d.
str step command output should not contain text
Apply a function to a list of requests.
Creates a new flavor
Parse the command line.
lcp for numpy. array
Get the offset from the minion
Plot the polar axes.
Return the XML document from the response body.
Sets up the logging handlers based on command - line arguments.
Check if n is a tuple.
Run a step in an emr object and store the results in the cluster timeline.
Return the resource path in a virtualenv
Returns the sentinel object for 3 objects
require the user to be logged in
Add a slash to the request to indicate that the request was deprecated.
Validate all packages in the package database.
Render a Dson string into a python object
Redirect to the project page if the user is not a member of a project.
Write the output of the craft to a file.
Update the metadata of all tools in the given repository.
Transmit a message to the remote yard.
Restart the service if it s running or if it s not running it restarts the service
Extract text from a set of files using text analyzer.
Activate a requirement if it is available.
Update the session data with the language code in the request.
Setup the platform.
Validate a slug.
atomic download failure test.
Pad parameters for a curve value with a value above a threshold.
Return a dict of returners for a specified jid
Check if the virtualenv is in the system site - packages virtualenv.
Runs nes and returns test data.
skip if no targets is specified in test. yaml
Get the current working directory
Add a path to an infill plane.
send a list request
Return a rebulk of the scene rules for a given release group.
Return a list of tokens for a normal comment.
Resolve all the matches of a task in an annotation.
Returns a list of the categories in the database
Convert an ip address to a binary string.
In6 ismaddr - > in6 ismaddr - > in6 ism
Return a list of all ports matching the pattern specified in the name
Returns the absolute path of the file with the given name.
expression for binop
poll the net counters until a certain time interval is reached
Return the directory root of the given path.
Enables the specified job in the server. If the job does not exist raise an error
Creates a new figure manager
Render the text as HTML with the HTML - escaped version of the text.
Logs a user into the database.
sum the parts of an array
Merge two dictionaries into one.
Convert timedelta to days
Tries to serialize the given data.
Returns a new template plugin class with the specified identifier and template name.
Summarize the mean and variance of two effects.
Returns the basename of a path relative to the base directory of s.
Returns the tenant with the given name.
Log the contents of a file to the log.
Return the gradient matrix of the variables that have the same size as the current variable.
Calculates the partition of a value.
Decodes a string to be used as a command in the hook.
This is a test for Eidos that uses the pip command to find links in the
Yields a name and cat of a given number of categories.
Distribute a set of keys
Return a list of paths to element in the tree.
Runs the on startswith function. This function is intended for internal use.
Read the pillar data for an extension
Disable password auth
Load bucket data from S3.
Create a test image
test iforest function
Return a list of MongoDB users
Memoizes the current git object.
Return the crafted text from the crafted text.
A helper function to watch a module.
return the pretty frame relation type for a given freltyp
Create a pipeline from a file - like object.
Returns a chain text with the first translator file name unmodified.
Get a server from a service group
Query the database for all the notes that have been created for the given user.
Return the argument names of the given function.
Print an error message to stderr.
indent the given buffer at the given position.
requires csrf token to be stored in the server error response
Get loops for circle intersections
Write the start block of the specified file.
Get a minion by its jid
Restore the warnings state.
Replace the link in the URL with an absolute path.
Get a color name for a value.
skip a test where code1 and code2 refer to a file
Return the current runlevel or the default runlevel
Generate bagging indices.
Set environment variable key to value.
raise value error
Determine if a list contains exactly n elements.
butter lp function
Get the kernel name for a given value.
test function that creates the wedge text object
Return the netstat route
Creates a child of a parent directory.
Check if the user is virtual.
Assert that the extra files are created after the wheel is created.
step function that compute the output of the dot product with the given weights and bias.
PDF of a number with a mean and a standard deviation.
Checks the version number of the client.
Get release by id
Return the float found in the shell s document.
Make small undirected graph.
Test if a function is a distributed server.
Decode a standard base64 string.
Sanitize filename.
Group ranges into groups of ranges.
Pretty - print an object.
Get the indexer absolute numbering for xem.
Initialize the zone interval table.
Sanatize a URL.
Process a list of nodes and show the graph.
Returns a list of the parameters of the given object. The first argument is the name of
dirichlet logpdf vec.
Create a URL from data and mimetype.
Update a collection summary.
Create a parameter of a given value.
Check if the current event is safe.
Assert that the mri file has the required data.
Install a package using pip.
View the storageaccount table view
Reset the locale to the default one.
Return True if the string is printable False otherwise.
Return the machine key
accept custom exception text
Returns True if the specified segment matches the specified section.
A test for statsd that fails with a warning and an exception.
Splits a sequence into chunks of a given size.
Returns a human - readable string representation of the current stack trace.
Combine a chain of games into a single chain of games.
Get a class from a module given a class path.
Lower getattr for generic types. deferred type
Finds the username and password for a given host.
Return a string filter that can be used as a URL filter.
icrs test array coordinates distances
Get all questions for a complete series
Wrap negative index.
Show the index page for the specified module.
Determine if a file should end with one of the endings.
Get a key from the minion s config
Returns the absolute path to the directory of the given file.
Enables the specified action for the specified service.
Find a management module for the given application name.
check user tags
Test feature max length.
Get roles with permission.
get fans for an object
Return a set of the unique solidity symbols in the given hex code.
Get the locale of the given category.
Test kde integer input.
Converts a URL to a quoted version of a given string.
Render a wempy template file
Get a list of tiles from a configuration and a coordinate.
Returns a string describing the content type of the given content object.
Create a file from a template with the given file name.
Setup an sauce browser
Check if a file or directory is a directory.
Get the raw value of a given key or return an empty dict if the key is not
Get collection rights by its ID
Find the root resource of the given resource.
Returns geometry output by the given derivation and xml element.
Return the inverse permutation of a matrix.
Calculate the moving average of the sum of the losses.
Clone bs4 elem.
Get a new derivation for an element node.
Connect a client to a server and a test client
Convert a journal to plain text.
test rgb to hsl part 4
Change bot data in the session.
Set an indicator for a column in a board.
Remove an app from bench. app. remove app.
Return task status.
Converts a string to its proper format using the fix vc macro slashes regex.
Change the interactive mode.
Split a value into a list of strings
Test mode for sparse activation.
Register the language info.
Normalizes aws facts
Joins a list of tables.
Test fill include exclude names for masked fields
Writes the given buffer to the given fd.
This function plots a plot of the current version of the package. It raises a runtime error
Get the organization revision list for a given context and data dict.
Convert mc to mnc.
Get data for a specific season
Convert a list of paths to native paths.
Load the status cache from the db.
Return a string representation of the data in pickle protocol.
Take a function and its arguments as a dict and return a new dict with the names of
Create an instance of the optimizer in to out.
Get block device mapping.
Merge the contents of another configuration into the base configuration
Cleans up the joinables for the given file names.
Get the format callbacks for an audio format.
Convert an address mapper to a dict.
Returns the server type based on the doc string.
Generate a spectral fingerprint of a channel
Returns True if x is an int ; otherwise False.
Return a matrix linear operator if a is an ndarray or matrix.
Returns a datetime. datetime object representing the number of seconds since the epoch.
Importorskip test
Run the command line interface.
check if imageio and pil are available
Get the endpoint for the apps server.
Check if string is empty or not empty.
View function that handles a specific report.
accept connections forever
Writes the corrected mapping data to a file.
Read a text file.
Read and process the config file.
Show the version of a device.
Authorize a client with the given credentials.
Return a datetime. datetime. utcnow with the current value of num ** num.
Given a list of urls try to find the bot s URL if the URL should be considered
Create a row of numpy ndarrays with the given name and dtype.
Ensure the IPv4 address is forward to a public ip port and private ip address.
Registers a function to handle the media links in the template.
Test that num == float range.
p expr number
Get the step state for a given step name.
Register a simple tag.
Execute a osquery query and return the results as a list of events.
Redirect the user to the create page.
Runs a command and returns the output of the command inside a directory.
Saves a string to a file with the given name.
Disassociate all fixed ip addresses from a given host at a given time.
NAME galhtmlprefix. py
Get the value of an item in the database.
Generates a signature using the specified public and private key.
Get the foreground and background colors for the given name.
Check if the response has aary header.
Get the path to a template file.
Function to apply sinusoidal windowing to data
Set ssl certificate key.
Return a contextmanager that sets the locale to the given value if temp locale is not none
Return an iterator over the types of the given node.
Assert that the given arceus s form is the same icon as the given one.
Computes the k% score of the actual and predicted data.
Find all sockfiles in a directory.
Load a yaml config file.
Get the string representation of an ip version.
Run a command that checks if the package is installed.
Flatten the content of a response.
Execute a flushdb operation on the server
Checks the render pipe string. Returns a list of renderers that match the whitelist blacklist
Split a sentence by stem
Return a header for a request r header.
Get the include directory for the current platform.
Reverts a polynomial to another polynomial.
Computes the loss function for the current scope.
Returns a list of all files in the directory specified by path.
If the request. user is authenticated return the proxyconnect response. If the request. user
Apply div - style classes to form table.
Force a string to be unicode.
Check if the git remote is in sync with the git fetch configuration.
convert instance to string
Returns True if the install string is correct for the given env name and install string.
singular value decomposition of the SV of an array.
Make a grid from a list of arrays.
Return the log of the sum of two log - like values.
urllib. quote a double - quoted string.
Parse comments.
Recursively parse a list of strings into a list of lists.
Return the name of a resource.
Create a document in an index
slugify a value uniquely for a queryset.
Remove document permissions.
Get the output target extension
Create a context to track the user s context in the tracker.
Test for patch returns error on invalid dir
Check if a file is an archive
Check that pip version is correct.
Check whether allcap words are in the same word.
Loads all modules in the given package.
Return True if the certificates display behavior is either a string or a list of strings.
Activate the environment from the given path.
Update a user record
Recursively update a mapping.
Create instance request.
Format a module directive.
Returns the filename of the file associated with the state.
Get the list of units to use
Function to compute n jobs pairwise between x and y.
Shift a and b by a >> b and return the result.
Preserve the font size of a matplotlib figure.
Return True if the string s is a multiline string.
Print the trainer and validation scores to a temporary file.
Prompt the user for an action
Convert a number of bytes into a human - readable string.
Format currency function.
Test a classification report using a long string label.
Remove the task directory if it exists.
Assert that the values are equal.
Construct a doc2author dictionary from a dict of author ids and their doc2author ids
Return a function that performs the wsgify of the resource class.
Runs psea on a given file.
Return the index of the source index where the given host is associated with the given mac and
sparse autoencoder function
Return a dict of keys with the name of the key or None if the key is absent
Install the ez package from scratch.
Raises an AssertionError if first is not second.
Compute the evaluation report.
This is a test regression 4033.
returns true if all of the elements of f are irreducible p.
Get the timeout value.
Fix upff4.
bench r11.
Get the sim state of the device.
Encode a string thing with the specified encoding.
Returns the initial values of the given form.
Submit a checkout form and redirect to the login page if the request. user is not logged
Escape a string that contains a variable expansion of a string.
Create the types of the element at the given index.
process the show version of the net device
If the number of channels in the params is less than or equal to the number of channels
Wait for a job to finish.
create user and user profile
Connect to the cloud loadbalancers API.
Make sure you don t have to use the 32 - bit expand function.
if f is a file - like object return a file - like object.
Applies the given constraints to the given block vector.
Perform a sting request and return the response.
Try to get hosting service by name except item lookup error
replace hostname with host addr
Parse ethtool opts and return a config dictionary.
Returns a dictionary of the environment proxies to use.
Context manager to save the current cwd and restore it after the with block.
Convenience function for returning a new logging level based on the given runlevel.
Create a device for the specified platform.
read data from a file.
Returns the server distribution.
file upload view verify uploaded file
Return the kind of the key.
Given a string raise not implemented error.
Return the trailing blank lines.
Initialize the database.
This function sets the default template for an HTML document. It also sets the plain and html
cost function.
Given a mongoengine. validationError return the appropriate HTTP error response for the given function.
Get all videos in a course
p statement.
escapejs function for string filter
Log all the tasks in the running list.
Return a list of py files and a list of extensions.
Return a single selection for the given model.
Return the refracted matrix between two matrices.
Configures the remote API.
Returns a tuple of tf. get variables in scope.
Yields the indentation of the given line and previous indent level.
Returns the raw string of the XML document.
Remove filenames from a descriptor.
This is a test that asserts that the features are not defined in the prepare stderr.
create a connection object to theregions API
Get all MFA devices associated with a user.
Return user agents that require a list of documents to be rendered.
Compute the sha512 hash of a string.
Update the cronjobs.
Return the parameter to pass to a function that takes two arguments a and b and returns the
Filter files in a list that are not in the exclude paths.
Return the skew symmetric cross product of a.
Yields a conditional formatting context manager for the given worksheet.
Update a gecos chworkphone.
Return a dict of nodes that are the head nodes of the input fixer.
Return a contextmanager that restores the old context.
redirect to the default URL if the mode is not none then redirect to the default URL.
Create a new column type.
Check if a key is encrypted
Convert val to Nnn format.
send from directory
Validate the LMS configuration.
Unregisters a hosting service.
Decorator for functions that require the user to be logged in.
Returns a generator that prints the lines of the response body as a string.
Returns a course syllabus section
Return names that are deprecated in the given string.
Return the character width in the cache for the given string.
Remove a DNS record from a node
This is a test for pip to make sure that the link to the site packages in the
Convert an sina xml string to a url list
Create an environment for the virtualenv.
Entry point for the requests module.
Call talib. linearreg intercept on a dataset.
Calculate the center of a matrix.
Prepare test output with successful outline colorless.
Build a graph from the given cursor.
Builds the criterion of an ad group.
Assert that the status of the query is equal to the message.
Check if two numpy arrays are equal.
Find a drum group device.
get the basename of a dev
Prepares the environment for the given subject in the given directory.
Reduces the precision of the specified element.
Render a cart as HTML.
Gets a subcommand for a given mode and subcommand.
Handles the response format for a treeio login required.
Get the id of an object if it s a string or an int. If it s
Return a list of extractors for all classes.
Find a renderer for an object.
Convert a file object to a file descriptor.
Compute the ellipsoid of an array.
Creates a default app action
Handler function for the namespace namespace namespace
Return a copy of the data if the memory usage is less than the available space in the
Print the error message to the log.
Parse a line into a key - value pair.
Returns a generator function that will load all records that match the passed in query.
Return the number of seconds since timestamp.
Parse an HTML string using the HTML parser.
Check if a string is virtual
Sanity code smell.
Set the creation order of an instance.
Prepare x for filtering.
Send a packet to a host
Create a symbolic factor.
convert from source to target using the option option option if source is a list of strings or
Get a redis server object
Returns a list of regions for the connection.
Return the maximum value of var along the specified axis.
Get a list of files from a merged store.
Get the remote resource limits
Normalize env var references.
Data share consent requirement at login
Init multiprocessing.
Test django admin media serving forced by setting.
Set the dirty flag for the given using.
Return the identity of arg.
Given a node and a heap list of heap items invalidate the node in the heap.
Returns the decimal symbol for the given string.
Check the length of a property value.
Fold a set of arguments.
A decorator to indicate a function should be skipped.
Returns the writer for the given extension.
test ast invalid unary op
Assert that two sets of objects are equal.
Yields items from a test case or test generator.
Bootstrap a container
Returns True if the given path is a file or a directory with the given file name.
View the given path.
A helper function that writes the text of the runtime config and cache dir to a text file
Evaluate a set of filters.
generate search query for related item
Reserve vlanid.
Send notification email when a unit is subscribed to a new translation
Returns the list of fields in the given table.
Check if gpg is virtual
test precision recall f1 score
Return the value of a float in the range of 0 - num to num.
Clean up a random generated file.
Retrieve the net connections for a given kind.
Return the schedule URL for the given type and week.
Returns the md5 hash of the given arguments.
Match a keyword expression with another keyword expression.
Returns a string representation of the version number.
testing. requires testing data
Register an event listener.
Reload a systemctl command.
Get geometry output by lineation and element.
Make strict consensus of a list of trees.
constructor for domain constructor.
Extrude a file if the filename is a string.
Describes the data in a binary form into a textual representation of the data.
Test 1D roberts diagonal 2.
Merge the values of a column in disk by new values of a column.
View function for the Azure login view.
Test if a string is a valid unicode path in the py file.
Redirect to the next URL.
This is a test for the mag mag mag function.
Sends an email. Returns True if successful False otherwise.
Returns a response containing the schema version.
Send a message when the editor is not running and the thread is not running.
Determine if two blocks are equivalent.
Test correlation test.
Computes the cdlon neck of a dataset.
Returns a set of unpassable types for the input arg.
indents a genbank string
Return a list of the jids that match the filter. count is the number of jobs
Constructs a request from a URI.
Check if a check exists in the checks list.
Parse a header line and return the parameter name and value.
Takes a mapdict and formats it into a human - readable string.
Check if the user has the project permission.
Replace num with num. unit with string with num. unit with string with num. unit
Create a string from a dimension and a hierarchy.
Applies the color palette to an image.
Get a collection summary by its id
clustering a feature matrix
Run a pip test to see what options are listed in order.
This is a test function that can be used to verify that the password is correct for a
Assert that str and hug. types. boolean are boolean
Replace whitespace and preserve whitespace in a string.
factorize a list of iterables.
Create a repos api url from a web url.
download all the files in the data directory
Return the width of a tile in a given projection.
get cli body for VRF command
Remove a tree of commands.
Format the time difference in seconds between start and end.
Count the number of lines after loc in strg.
Load a class from a module given a class path.
Check if the grains are virtual.
Read a pair of strings from a file - like object.
Migrates the labels of a given object to new labels of a given type.
Set the global logger class.
Update the version number of a file in the archive.
rewrite a file by applying the transform function to each line of the file.
Get a new lineation derivation for an element node.
Generate a test pair for the given target from the given source.
get sosfiltfilt function
Encode a hex - encoded string.
Load a movie from a file.
Returns a list of URL matching the pattern with the given prefix.
Return the index of the enum value associated with the key.
Construct an array from an array.
Returns the number of seconds until the promo health key was set or the health key was
Calculate the memory size of an array of given ndim.
main entry function for data feed demo
Check if a new version is available
Return True if all elements in seq are equal.
Return True if the user is allowed to use a tag namespace for a given object.
Run a shell command and return the output of the command.
Get the last change of an account policy
Return num in register. filter with the no - separator.
Checks if the Azure instance has the required version.
Prints information about the specified categories and plugins.
Get a memory - mapped copy of the given array.
lazy loader function
Parse a mime type into its component parts.
Cleans the cache files for the specified backend.
Applies a command to the device.
Test event collection switch orientation 2x
Return True if the salt is virtual False otherwise.
Release complete ms to net.
Check to see if a policy exists.
Parse the page s file paths.
Check that the config file is valid.
route for blob upload.
Set the geofence owner for the resource.
Set the log format
Grant access to shared folders to a user
Returns True if label is discoverable.
Shuts down a thread and waits for it to finish.
Query the given URL with the given method and params.
Return the number of cpus for this VM
Add a notification driver
Return a relative path to the given path.
Set up test databases.
require an authorized admin admin admin to render to csv
Initialize the data flash logger.
Start a stub for a service.
Use the aio framework.
Find substring in string using regular expression pattern1 and pattern2.
Takes a list of answers and a heading and returns the records as a string.
Extract events from a KEen event collection.
Return a copy of the target matrix that is ceiled to the target matrix.
Update an existing cyg arch. Returns True if the arch is not installed otherwise False.
Test column conversion error.
Returns True if virtual else False
append a slash after s if s is a child of s or if s is a child
Get the size of a file.
Create the default SSL context.
Delete one or more files.
Return a link to the init module.
validator for user name.
Change the base type of a string.
Make sure the value of an attribute of an instance is the same as the value of an
Return the image name for a given server
Deploy a git repo
Split list l into chunks of max rows.
Returns a dict of default values for geoserver urls.
Execute the ipset command and return the version number.
Format a datetime as a string.
Validate account email
API handler function
Check if a vlan exists
Get a clean environment.
Stop touch app.
Replace regular expression.
Test replay load template name.
Test mock client.
Represents the value if the value is greater than or equal to num.
Check the dns name.
Return a cycle of colors.
layer of sgd network.
Download a file from a URL.
Converts word and body text into a Pinyin string.
Parse a directive into a tuple.
Clean the locks in the file.
Calls the given function using the given arguments and kwargs in the given pool. Returns the
get vector3 by float list
Check if a random set of points is within a bucket of a specified radius.
Returns a git line from the given list of strings.
Format a number to a float.
Counts the number of elements in an iterable.
Run a command on all of the nodes.
Returns a list of all the lines in the text.
Check if a point is added to a path intersecting the path.
global function to return the number of rows in the search db
Import a CSV - formatted data set from a string or file - like object.
An iterator for gpi11 files.
Yield the possible name fields for a given model.
Greedily partition counts into n buckets.
List available command - line arguments.
Search for labels in a given string.
Run an XML parameter definition.
Get the vcpu pin set.
Displays the html of a snippet edit page.
Worker claim for cleanup
Convert a version string into a list of integers.
Find the instance device
Returns a set of installed apps.
Remove missing values from a series.
Returns True if schedule is enabled otherwise False.
Show the network interfaces on the device.
Return information about the server
Check if a file exists.
Plot a legend.
set integer value to string
Loads a git repository.
Print an alias to stdout.
Create a new failure object from a JSON - encoded failure dict.
Calculates the checksum of an IPv4 or IPv6 packet.
Makes a bytearray of the same shape as a bytearray of the given size.
Generate go test code.
Simplify a variable coeff.
Returns the host lease as a string.
Reset the git repository at the specified path.
Computes the contrastive loss.
Get the username and key from settings. sauce.
Create the reactor if it doesn t exist.
Returns the link s href
Check if the filename matches any of the matchers.
Replace regex in url.
Handle value as a variable.
Display information about the organization in md. organization.
Enable or disable remote login.
Check the password of a user.
Returns a list of the LUNs that are used by the host that are not used
Filter an input file using a Yuic median filter.
Search W OEID database.
Creates a context manager for the secret model.
expression of num in p
Copies a template to another template.
Returns True iff all of the children of the given string are of the same tag.
Log the completion of a future.
Get the set of keyword arguments for cls.
start dtmf Section 9. 2. 7
Return the number of genes that have the fitness of the genome.
Gets the registry for the application.
Copies two log - normal distribution to a log - normal distribution.
Preload a list of modules.
Translate a string representation of a formula into its equivalent form.
Enable celery fixture for this scope.
Determine if a particular course is small.
Show the package associated with a group.
Initializes the modules modules module.
Dump a rootdse schema to a file.
Fileify a version
Get RSA public key.
Convert a list to a numpy array.
Set the value of an option in the global config object.
Redirect the user to the alt URL.
Get a list of subplotspec for a list of axes.
Attach epics to a queryset.
Syncs a zfs command error with another zfs command.
Encodes an integer into a bytearray.
Make a string into a boolean
Get the name of the given principal
Tries to run the test and prints the error message if an exception is raised.
Unparse an endpoint description.
Import the data from the secedit config file
Set attributes on the queue.
Get the due date of a node.
Gets a path to a geometry utilities file.
Delete a virtual machine
Render a field and label.
Shuffles an array.
test del in generator
Clears the cache.
Applies a change to the given target state.
Split null strings in a list of strings
Runs a process with the specified cmdline. Raises a runtime error if the stderr and
Get a tree of files in the given coverage.
Convert argument to positive int.
Convert a string to a byte array.
Runs a test that checks the jsonreport output.
Get the global metrics from the log file.
Mangle the loop variable.
Build a frequency matrix from the given exp freq table.
Resolve the content of a toctree.
Returns the project data dir.
Returns the number of panes in the setup wizard that are visible.
If name is not specified raise an error with the specified message. If name is not specified
Return the hadamard product of a list of matrices.
Waits until a write on a file descriptor is available. Returns the number of bytes
require a user to update a comment
Generate the headers for an HTTP response.
rsync ip to a specific IP address.
Converts a JSON object into a list of nodes.
Start a vzd container.
Returns the vm reference that matches the given label
Returns a tuple containing the full path to the tcl tk dir and the root of the
Configure the LED platform.
Returns a list of parser functions for a row of input.
Return statistics about the available space of the given OS folder.
Exclude a bracket from a list of items in a particular language.
task @ needs
Make a request to the Zendesk API to get a row.
Create a BSON document representation of an element.
Write comments and expected comments.
Converts an error code to an error code.
A decorator that abstracts the admonition of a class.
Make or verify a directory.
Get precision of xml element
Remove all empty lines from the text.
Delete a file or directory from the minion
Updates a channel by using the given string.
Decode dense input x to dense output.
Get a config value.
Get a namespace from a URL.
Print a window analyze a given text file.
Check a reference.
Create a link element.
Create a policy for a user.
2. 7. 1. 7. 1. 7. 1. 7. 1.
Get the crafted text from the archive.
Get the module name for a given file name.
Returns a list of lines from a module s docstring.
Test user columns flag.
Check if a line is intersecting inside x
Get the fake platform.
Detach a device from a zpool
require a channel message
Adds the path of the current Python interpreter to the sys. path.
Create a storage container
Check the Hatches of a Determinism.
List permissions for a given vhost.
Return random slice of queryset.
Create a channel of the specified content type and content type.
Shows an error message dialog
A helper function to create a path surgery in the os. environ.
Calls plugins. visible and ifaces is none checks ifaces is visible and ifaces
Connect to the gpsd sensor and add devices.
Replace an audio file with a random one.
Sanitise a json error.
Convert a glob pattern to a regular expression pattern.
Returns a list of team members
Install a configuration module.
Handle response format for treeio login required.
Remove the version number from an href
Unpacks a string into a python code.
Make image comparison between baseline images and remove text and extensions.
linear recurrence function
This function requires sklearn to be installed.
Return True if a and b are close.
Get a list of lines from a file.
Update the supported locales for the given motors.
Returns a list of cap alert addresses.
Quits the main window of the root window.
Interpolate a string into a cache slug.
Assert that an object is a constructor with certain attributes.
Decode a file name from a path.
Handle the response format for the treeio login form.
Split imports on separate lines.
Get the versioning configuration.
Pause the project and standardize the result.
Runs vulture and saves the results to a temporary file.
Determine the disk image type from the image meta dict.
Get the relationship between two tokens.
Returns the document link for the given object.
Get output filename.
Insert a new record into the database and return the newly created record ID
Redirect the user to the alt URL.
Send a message to the socket and sleep for delay seconds.
Add a string to the tracklist.
Converts a relative path to a relative path
Compute the distance between two points p q and p0 q0 a b c
Delete app tars in a location.
Update the translation catalogs in the po file.
Extract the part of a string.
Refresh the database.
Return the precession matrix between two epoch matrices.
Compute the power - law of a polynomial.
Assert that both the stdin and stdout are closed.
Get the stored primary server name
Make a PUT request to the given URL with the given data and return the response data.
Create a weighted subsections grader from a course conf.
Function to install sudo and sudo for this task.
Convenience function to log a message when an exception is raised.
Configure the callback configuration.
Set the icon for a given reference
Redirect webengine data to a different data directory.
Split what into page and store result in local dict.
Return group status
Fetch all datastore entities.
Get test hooks for the given test files.
Looks up an ssh host config object for the specified host and returns the config object.
Returns a list of snippet strings.
Check if a string like is a numeric value.
Extract the order arguments from the request
click. command.
create an admin user
Assert that step has string representation
Yield multiple items from a mapping.
Test if this is a CX oracle environment variable.
Setup and run callback in the engine.
Returns a db tables from the schema.
Set the title of a media player.
When a profile is deleted remove it from the site.
Raise an overflow error if the argument is outside of the specified value.
Decode a dictionary.
Parse the output of openssh.
Return the digest of a file in the tree.
Pretty - print a dictionary of attributes.
View to require that the user be logged in.
Create cronjobs for the escalate task.
Do a google search on input and update the last seen URI.
Hug. request middleware function.
Returns True if the default is True and the flavour is not equal to the default
Yields objects from a stream or string.
Check that x is a 2d array.
Get all volume types in a group
Returns the number of genes in the genome.
Open a cover for the given entity.
Create a new token for the user and redirect the user back to their login page.
Register a langinfo object
Render a gallery form for the given media type.
Computes the Frccorrection Bak for a set of parameter values.
Returns the location of a GPG file or None if it doesn t exist.
Return the user s details for the specified bot at the specified location.
Get the crafted text from a text string.
Download a URL from a dailymotion web site.
Return True if a string contains surrogates.
Format the coredump stdout
Add a local file
Determine the syscmd version of the system release and version.
Test that a sphere is cartesian to cartesian.
Extract mime type from mime type string.
Get environ proxies for a given URL.
Check the status of the message and delete the message if the message is empty
Returns a function that checks the user has access to the given course key.
A test that runs a pip - test script in a virtualenv.
Disable a server
Shortcut to hide the user s settings on the mac
Show the number of migrations in a list of apps.
Create a site link feed item
Releases an attribute from the os and returns the old value.
Delete the specified directory if it exists or if it doesn t exist remove it.
Return True if color is foreground light.
Returns a list of yubico users
Create a vtype - specific argument function.
Get the index of the eog channel.
Return an evoked version of the file.
Run parse addon and update version if multi package is set.
Deserializes a usage key from a string.
Returns a dictionary of queries for all registered plugins.
require a role for a group
Set the value of a key in a section
Add a script prefix to the current value.
Create version info for an event.
Return a list of config option names
Generate a project list file.
Update resources from a dictionary.
Asserts that the data is of the expected format.
Return a list of nodes in the graph that are identity nodes.
Create an init state collection from an object.
Remove the specified package from the specified directory
Synchronously create a dbus proxy if the user doesn t know about the dbus interface.
get block count url string
Computes the log factors of a gamma distribution.
Try to guess the scheme of a URL.
Determine whether or not the given lookup field needs distinct.
Reap children of a subprocess.
Return a tuple of packages that match the specified package names and versions.
Sends a message to the left group.
unit division by string
ax1 = ax. twiny draw if interactive = True return ax1
wrapper for color functions
Returns a JSON object with the contents of the request s files.
Returns the last element of a list.
Make sample data.
Unlock a user account
require post to be logged in
Create or update a document in the database. If the document already exists with the specified name
Returns True if the packet is a number.
Launch an application file.
Hash the given plaintext password.
Populates the project info dictionary.
generate an access token
Get the output of a vtk object.
Return cached trees for a given tree of queryset.
Get the logo integer option.
Return a list of all the jobs in the consumer. timer for the given alias.
Test the permutation t test.
Make sure that the user is not logged in and is not already active. If the user
Parses a string or list of rules into a list of rules.
Returns a new linux distribution object.
This is a test function that checks if the dirty string is the same as the clean string
Return the R squared error.
Returns the absolute path to the config file for the given path.
A reverse function that uses django reverse to generate a non - prefixed URL.
Delete a virtual interface
build a tag parameter list
Convert a PEM - formatted X. 509 certificate to a base64 encoded X. 50
Set the locale for the given category.
Add a module to the cache.
Log task error handler.
Format an elemcreate.
Use the accelerator interface to convert agg to wx image convert agg to wx bitmap if the
Create a new der set of one or more objects.
Ping ponger for an event.
Generate a random secret string.
Return the sign of the value of a constant.
Clean up the content of the database.
Returns the css dependencies for a given group.
Return a new dictionary with the values of orig that differ from new.
Assert that the tensor is flat
Call the talib. macdext function
Delete all group object permissions
Concatenate unicode strings.
Reboot a domain
deploy test app and check if it is in docker
Computes the probability p from the probability p.
Return a function that will return an error if the first argument is not an error
Splits a string into n lines of length width. Returns a new string with left -
Generate a set of metric substitutions for the given options.
Validate a node JSON
Assert that the command output contains text.
Remove the test module.
Takes a string of messages and a dictionary of messages and returns a new string with the
Make distutils. core setup function with optional stop after function.
Push the status of the given item to the data dict.
Assert that the language is a test language by default.
Return a random tree.
Convert a Kodi configuration to a Kodi configuration.
A context manager that sets the value of the item s time to the time when the function
Writes an image to a svg file.
Returns a list of messages for the given request.
Locks down the specified params. If the params passed in are not passed the default values
Starts a server in a separate thread.
Add a tenant to a flavor access list.
Get the names of the time zone names in the tz reg file
embed an album into an image.
Return the right d thresholding of a sequence.
Convert a string or list of dates to a number.
Return a list of the output of a salt command.
Returns a warning message for the specified deprecation.
Shifts a path in a script by shift number.
Locate a pattern in a database.
Generates a grant string from a grant string.
Computes the variances of the indicators.
Get the next device name
test the mininet cluster
Return the error codes for a given data type and file.
Delete a user
Check if a parameter is a named parameter.
wrapper for func. argtypes and func. argtypes should be of type int.
pretty message function
Returns the absolute path to the top of the autotest tree.
Parse the legacy str to test flags
Returns the path to the lib directory if it doesn t exist.
Make the jname in the pkgng aware directory
Get the key for a particular collection id.
print raw input and exit
Save the predictions to a file.
Returns a string representation of the UTC timestamp.
Return a function that is the lower builtin value of a number.
Gets the Hiveserve principal for the specified hostname or ip.
Convert app label to app module.
Get the current windows directory
Generates a course key for the given org number and run.
Get download URL for a specific platform.
Show the details of an instance
test parameter operators
Takes a request and returns a list of all of the parameter names that should be passed
Check if a collection exists.
A test that plots the ica components and the scores of its components.
Converts an etag into something that can be used as a query parameter.
Split fitnesses into a pair of fitnesses based on the median of the fitnesses.
Test csv column names mismatch in E CSV format.
Get the header of a bounding box.
Apply a function to an optimizer.
Load the specified fault manager module from the specified file system
Add a new contact to the sync sync.
Get SAML provider
Writes the back references to the example file.
Checks the given list of issues with the given after or all issues in the given list
Create a constant image.
Return a list of read fds that match the specified selector.
Returns a response with the deprecated course key.
Like xonsh. help but with lineno and col arguments.
Try to get a specific property from a Xenenthread object. If the property
Convenience function that asserts that a message is in the value of an exception.
Cast a numpy array to a numpy array.
Check if a matrix is a scalar nonsparse matrix.
Extract messages from a list of messages.
Check if the named service is disabled
Flatten a list of lists of lists of a given dtype.
Get public key from PEM text or file.
Get the list of install server profiles
Returns the absolute path to the test file for the given file name.
manage binaries for all components
Create multiple choice xml
Get asset asset url from asset path
Returns True if the installed convert command should be used.
Release one or more title descriptions.
Remove the last num elements of the output array.
A with - contextmanager which pines the current thread to the master thread.
Get the value of a record with a composite key.
Get all snapshots for a project.
Prepares a subprocess for execution.
Marks the pc settings as bootstrapped
Convert a list of objects into a list of mark safe strings.
Get the w3af version as a dict.
Determine whether or not the minion is virtual
Load a parser result store into a package.
Get the number of groups.
Get a translation unit from a source.
Creates a consistency group from an existing consistency group.
Check if a center complex is inline between the begin complex and center complex.
Check if the target is newer than the source.
Returns a string representation of a tuple.
Resync project webhook.
Calculate the length of an input.
Returns the base layer which is used to build a layer which is used to build a layer
Identify the names of the code.
Require user to cancel a draft
Setup the platform.
Take a function that returns a list of Livemap - > main Livemap -
modify reject Section 9. 2. 1
Return a list of mapping keys in a string.
The main entry point for the unit address book program.
Returns True if the current process is running from the reloader.
Spellcheck function.
Delete a stack.
Create a constant constructor.
Decrypts the given string using the given Cychops key
Main module entry point.
Get list of users from email marketing provider
Check that the resource is a valid jid
Returns True if the user is in the context of the course otherwise False.
Decomposes kernel into a 2x once kernel.
Check that the keys in a comp are of the same kind.
Returns True if value is not null.
Read a vcard from a string.
Register a inclusion tag for the given string.
port write port uchar
Assert that the test arg is a Windows 32 - bit value.
Decorator for register. filter functions.
Delete a network interface
Format the given value to be used in the register. filter function.
Check if a process is running.
Return the list of users as a string.
Delete a node by name
create collection summary
Confirm all alerts in the browser.
Filter the register.
Update a resource s usage with a new value.
Register a tag with the current language.
Create document editor group.
The test input discard function.
Computes the dot - product of two matrices.
Converts the format of the source and destination into a list of source and destination nodes.
Changes the mac back in the running configuration
Return a quoted version of a string.
Get the latest status of an episode.
Returns a tuple of object type privs and privs for an object of a particular type
Compile the given source code and return the co co co co co co co.
Check if the minutes argument is a string or int and if it is a list of strings
Perform a test package backup patching to make sure that sys. modules are equal.
Get the configuration vars for the given function.
Check if the virtual name is a virtual name
Get user info
install pyui
Append a slash redirect to an environment.
Finds all the modules in the given folder and returns them as a module.
Clean up a mode value.
Returns True if the ip is a notation ip
Return the image to use
Normalize source to a normalized file path.
The main entry point for the vhost stats script.
Get a config spec for a virtual device attach config spec.
Resets syslog config params
Read a record from a file handle.
alert function.
Return the size of a task in a file.
Create a new limit in the cache.
Returns the value in the range where the value is not less than or equal to the default
get profile image backend storage
Get the hash of a file.
Update the source index of a unit in the writer.
Deactivate one or more packages
Runs the demo clustering algorithm.
Upgrade the master to the latest Salt version
Get request value.
Update the supported locales for the given id.
Convert an asyncio future to a tornado future.
Return the subsector of the s3 rest controller.
Removes a null logging handler.
Prepare the input source for processing.
Normalize a matrix.
canonicalize a node in the fgraph.
Power on command.
Create an option that can be used to configure a backup config file.
Get a list of files.
Returns the uid of the specified user. If the user is not specified the uid of the
Assert that the file system. in directory is in the current directory
Remove a repo from the prompt and delete the repo in the repo directory.
Takes a user id and a device id and a request dict and verifies that the
Registers a function that will be called when a locale URL is received.
Builds the upgrade request for the given web socket url and returns the upgrade request object.
Returns the uid of the current user
Parses a file and returns a string representation of the file s docstring.
Change of int64 features.
test cons list
Get the description of a video.
step a file named filename and encoding with the given encoding.
test if vispy is installed
Get the error classes from the given exception class.
Get one nupic model info
Get a mask of the sequences with a certain value.
Calculate the sum of a list of shapes.
Join a list of path parts
Splits a list of objects according to the predicate pred. Returns a tuple of objects where
A test function that calls a function from stdin to stdout with io.
Check that the fake file exists and is not a file.
Computes the log - pmf of a categorical variable.
call a command and return the stdout and stderr
Convert expr to a string using the settings given by the printer.
Make a URL from a string.
Normalizes the given fullname string.
Partition a sequence into a list of indices.
A context manager that creates a temporary context manager for the given style.
Converts the specified vni to a binary integer.
View robots page with content type str
Get the value of a metric
Generate a kangz whitelist document for a given field for a given against a given against
Returns a list of repos
Set http header.
Parse mime type and parsed ranges and return the fitness and the quality of the best fitness.
Test the form of an ev form.
Return a deferred that will resolve the given host for the given number of domains.
Decode the feedback in binary format into a list of tuples.
Return a list of key pairs in the cloud system
Yield the key of the line if the current position is greater than or equal to the
Put an item into a cache entry.
Yields the diffsets for the given pair with the given review and current pair.
Return a der bit string from the given binstring.
Render a conditional statement.
Extract a scalar constant value.
Remove a post function from a hook.
route for a storageaccount container view
Get the running and running URLs of the current process.
Render price property.
Assert that the model is a sphere model.
Return the cache for the image volume with the given id.
Returns the security group with the given id
Tag function for register. simple tag
Create the cache folder if it doesn t exist
Uninstall flocker for a list of nodes.
Add sync methods to sync class
Return a string representation of the color in equal space.
Return True if virtual else False.
Render the power of the list of children.
Scan files in a site and return a list of task names that are only on output and
Returns the full path to the given profile name in the given repository.
get urls proxy generator
Restart a service.
Converts a list of indices to a csv string.
Delete a file with v1 v2 or v3 if delete v1 and v2
Convert a number of bytes to a human - readable string.
Returns True if the specified command should be executed and False if it should be executed.
A safe update of the last login.
Return prefix from pattern.
Create a test for support in this package.
Adds the string to the current position of the player s command list.
Returns a string that can be used as a profile name.
Pretty - print a list of strings.
Create the xml results file for a given test.
Encodes a np. ndarray into a list of float32 float64 int32 int64
Counts the number of elements between n1 and n2
wrapper for processutils. execute
Spawns a new reactor in a thread.
Get the serial number
Create an instance of a C instance.
Log the access log level.
Recursively resolve all the dependencies of the given targets.
Get style value
Generate random hex strings.
Call talib. linearreg angle function
Clear a volume.
Create a test rational new.
Returns the current platform string
Update the conn info with the values from the connector and lookup service
Check that the value of the softmax is not a numpy array.
Make a TOTP.
Encode a value as a JSON string.
one - dimensional norm of a.
Unpack a value from a string.
Function to endswith a string to the end of a line.
arg parser for utils. arg
Returns True if the provided address is a valid CIDR address.
Loads the contents of a pickle file.
Returns the module name of the specified module name.
destroy a block device mapping with the specified id.
Get the performance data for the given counter name in the given fmt.
Return a dict of all the certificates in the specified certificatestore
Return the string representation of a failure code.
get auth url
Prompt the user to input a string.
Split a string into a part and a domain.
Evaluate a native value.
Get a user by username. Raises an error if the user does not exist.
Upload the previous document
Check if x is even.
Format a job instance
Create a set of arounds from a path.
my lrap implementation
Gets the current boto version
Prepare the long description and rst description.
Handle a file upload.
Inject overrides into the field data for a particular user in a list of blocks.
Check that the actual and expected fields are in the same order.
Get all reservations for a project.
Yields target instances for all files in the given path or module.
Return the string associated with text if text is a string.
Returns the negative sign symbol for a numeric value.
Compare config with the current one.
This is a helper function that returns a JSON response for the given request.
Register a custom inclusion tag.
Returns a pretty version of a string.
expansion of key expansion.
Return True if the line is probably part of multiline.
Unpacks the given image data into its component parts and the given type and size.
Create a string representation of the given file elements.
Set signals from a dictionary of signal handlers.
Wrapper for entity. put async.
Record a breadcrumb in the current context.
Get the URL for the figure.
Return the age of the log buffer.
Writes the XML content to the xml file at the specified path if the document is changed
Renders the constants file
Make directory name with parents of dir name
Get the value of an existing media tracks object.
Return the evaluated string for the given key for the given element and node.
Get the interface ip
Split a string into a list of parts. The maxsplit argument is the number of parts
Saves the current state of the request.
Safely import a module.
Returns the current and previous entry in the journal.
Rename a file in a temporary file. If the file does not exist raise an exception.
Returns True if the current time of the entry is less than the installation time in seconds.
Replace the names of the enums with their values.
Recursively call func on each argument in the expression and then call func on each argument.
Load a command class.
Sends a message to a specified channel. Returns True if successful False if not successful.
Convert a color to an RGB color
Prints all the categories in the given parent category.
Returns the version string of the dataset.
Return the default value of a function.
Replace specials and non - special characters in a string.
Get the f option from an iterable of opts.
Authenticate to WNS.
A helper function for header checker.
Return True if two matrices are the same.
Assert that the values in the string are the values of the element of the element in the
test django specifying scenarios to run
Validates the attributes of an object to ensure that the object is a tty.
Make a default signal map.
Create a time slice
Returns the dep bestmatch of the given port tree.
Get the list of available media objects for the specified event manager.
A function to take a list of items and return a tuple of items where each item is
Compute the rvss for the given minibatch r local r observed r and minib
Turn a time into a datetime.
Returns a list of plugin names for the specified package in rospack
Return a set of string representations of the dtype kinds in a list of numpy dtype objects.
Sends a command to the given console and returns the response.
Updates the translations for a command.
Convert tools to expected form.
Computes the mean class means of the data.
Check if a request has a trigger permission.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the bucket is up - to - date.
Release a lock.
Creates an ike trace for the given request.
Return a test of the arguments passed to the singles2d and singles3d
Print one training vector.
Interpret the step syslog and return the result.
Reload django url configuration.
Runs the given shell job in the specified directory.
Get the indexes for the given table.
Create a new language and write a translation file.
Return a list of macs associated with a domain
Set the nipy spectral color map.
Parse a mime type and return the best fitness if the fitness is greater than or equal to
Creates a client for working with cloud networks.
Finds all theprotypes in the given code.
Get metrics from server status url
Adds the stack trace message to the g.
Compute the correlation between two time series in frame1 and frame2.
Check if the line is out of a method definition.
Generate noise from the iir filter.
Format the output of a stack of outputs.
Convert a cell to a row and column name.
This is a test for the behavior of multiple inheritance.
Writes the head of a numpy array to a file.
Get the latest records of a list of resources.
Return the current deployment flavor.
Return whether or not this node is virtual
Returns the episode identified by the series name or None if no episode identified by the series name
Returns the comment form target.
shared player login
Returns an action form factory for export an action form.
Prepare the info dictionary for an operator.
Return the key associated with a logical line.
Make a query from a filter.
Return a random job prefix.
Expose a about message.
Returns a handler that checks that the user is a valid video. If the user is not
Returns a file - like object for the given filename. If the filename ends with a gzip
Match hostname against certificate
Handles the response of the sitemap view.
Create a layer from viewer config.
Returns a dictionary of the environment proxies to use.
Returns the most recent incomplete item for a given user.
plain text formatter with float precision
install editor for Kom boundaries
Check if an index exists in a directory.
Check if the machine has a virtual environment
Pause the event.
route a request to twiml
Migrates the parameters of a node from the old node to the new one.
Remove a device.
Get errant logs for a tree
Open a pathname and decode it if necessary.
Test if a class has a set of string labels.
Replace indentation with a number of spaces.
Render the specified template with the specified context using the specified method.
Gets the cluster to parse and returns the cluster object.
Returns the table and index of the table to create exceptions
Check if an option is present in the configuration
Create a variable with a weight decay.
Return the gradient sum of x y z. Raise not implemented error.
nottest if main is set
require a user to delete a comment
Return a list of paths from a string.
Assert that all values in the range 0 to num are of the same type.
Returns the md5sum of a file
Return True if all characters in s are in printable characters.
Check if the user and group are the same
Ensures a link is a link to other parts of the link.
Verifies that the given document has the given permission to revert it to the given revision.
Waits for winrm session to complete.
Update the stim text with the given text.
Checks the flow information.
Open a web browser window with the specified file path.
Delete a file or a set of files from a queue
Creates a new context entry for the specified sample.
Registers the given tag in the given context.
Check if the domain is in the default domains
Returns the response body for the specified command.
handles response format for treeio login required
Returns a set of missing permissions for a given user.
Send an email template.
Returns a list of the running commands
Find the selected node in a collection of nodes.
Create an attribute with the specified classname in the specified namespace.
Freeze login details.
core edmonds karp implementation
Return True if request wants json.
Asserts that the string s dtype is in the numpy dtype table.
Set the attributes of the element node to the attributes of the element node.
Sends an email to recipient list.
Remove x from seq if the index of x is the same as i.
Get the current time in the local time zone.
Read the page header
Parse a requirements file.
Computes the WCS signature of the given challenge.
Get the normal vector of a path.
Normalizes a timestamp.
Get all volume types by group.
Returns the string to write the index for the specified group.
Set the cache dir.
Check if a file exists and if not raise a value error.
Submits a bulk course email
Return the norm angle of a.
Return the size of a location from the backend.
A wrapper for the fileobj. stream. write function.
Set or update the rating in the queue.
Reloads the specified state.
Assert that a register filter raises an error.
Convert a domain name to an IPv4 or IPv6 address.
Compute the ones like x.
Check if the line number is a valid line number and the line number is a valid header
Returns a list of lines with the dedented lines at the end of the string.
Generate a random string of given length from a set of chars.
Splits a string into a cookie name and text
Extract the indent from the line.
Compute the obv of two time series
Expand a load balancer into a single load balancer dict.
Check if the file exists and has the md5 checksum.
Strip quote and newsgrouping from text.
Convert a tuple of RGB values to HSV values.
Get the version of the library.
Convert a string to a numpy array.
Sample a set of rois in the image.
Create Data container from HTTP POST request headers and data.
Returns the full name of a module of a package or module.
Make sure that the named volume is absent
Returns a response object containing the details of the cancel payment.
Start keep errors.
Yields records from a file handle.
Check if the current Python version is > = num and the minor version is > = num
Calculate the MD5 hash of a file.
Returns True if entry is a valid hidden service address.
Get a twitter notification service.
Run a set of test scripts and return a summary of the results.
get the instance metadata
Try to match a regular expression in the headers
Return the crafted text from the archive.
Disable a running command. Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the specified command is running.
Get stroke radius by prefix of element node
system information type 8 Section 9. 2. 7
Make a semantic version string out of a given string.
get parameter list
Compare two package versions.
Creates a new agent.
Slice an iterable into count parts.
Splits a path into two parts.
This function randomizes the correlation matrix.
Check if an attribute name is in reserved words or in model.
Save a certificate
squeeze 2x2 out of input.
Read end cent64 data.
Creates the top - level widget of the specified master.
Save all the global repository dialog values.
Shortcut for click. command
Check if a file exists and if not print it to the console.
Round a number to an int.
Block until the specified jid is available or until the jid is empty.
Get the content view.
Get the configuration file for the project.
Add a like object.
Registers a function to be used as the inclusion tag for the given arguments.
Parse and return a single cron entry.
Copy ssl options from src to dest.
Update an object
Runs the test module for api1
Return True if f == c.
Get a list of all launch configurations.
Returns the zone associated with the host
Normalizes a dictionary of form s cleaned data.
Check if a field is conservative.
match ext options and xfs options
Handles the home page of the community.
Get the identifier method for a given key.
Create a random genome.
Returns the path to the profiler log file.
Upload a file to S3
Returns True if virtual else False
Return the antidivename count of a number.
Run the flow.
Make a uniform pmf between low and high.
Update the dns records for a vpc
Return the string corresponding to the given gettext rule.
Set up the component module.
Builds a linear network with the given strings.
Return the number of strings in a string that contain meta data or rowid strings.
Returns True if the current locale is set
Return a list of pgcluster
Returns the full path to the file associated with the given job.
Sets the given pipe as non blocking.
Create fast start scripts.
Create a new server for the given description.
Converts a UTC datetime to a aware datetime.
Wait until all of the nodes are ready for quorum.
Try to decode a byte string. If the string can t be decoded None is returned.
Sets obj in the cache if it is not already cached.
Normalize text.
Returns a class that can be used as a default Signup form class.
Select a thread based on the request and env.
Restart a container.
Get the absolute path of a URL relative to the given base path.
Append a host to a pool if the host is not already in the pool.
Create a new flow for the given image service and availability zones
Parses the given string and returns the result.
Check if the console attached to the window handle is visible.
Return the default namespace of the namespace manager.
Display a wol list of mac addresses
Return the lowstate of the minion
Get a node by its attributes and node id.
Create a new user
Check if there are any conflicts in the repo at the given path.
Returns True if the value of the label is not a string.
Return a dict of strings that are promoted.
id. idzr aid op.
Return True if the element has a property that is a bound context.
Render the given http response to a string.
Bump cache for a product.
Create a mock key provider
Map library datasets to lddas
Return the sd version
Copy a number of lines to the journal.
Run tests in the manager.
Log a warning when missing microversion header.
Calculates the median value of a list of numbers.
Create a raster from a file.
Get the fixed ip of a network
Parses an XML property list from a string or file - like object.
Sets up the canned roles for the given class and methods.
Decode a base64 string.
Estimate the sigma estimates of a model given a set of residues.
Consume from a queue until the queue is empty.
Return the number of items in an iterable.
Read the header of an input file.
Returns the base object for a given plugin and version.
Get the version string.
K - Folds for stratified cross validation.
Uploads the given uploaded file to the given filename. Returns a boolean value if the uploaded
Get the most recent messages for an exp id.
Return the mapper of the entity or | none| if the entity is not a mapper of
Convert a size into a human - readable string.
Returns a fake clipboard with the selected text.
Sort an allowed list.
Returns the name of the current resource for the given service.
Create subtasks from a query set.
Check if a flag is in the approved list.
Assert that the block and html are not in the html block.
Parses a timestamp from a float or datetime object.
Convert text to dict.
Get a blob from the storage
Parse a quoted string.
receiver for the item deleted signal.
Remove a device from the minion.
Get the domain of the workgroup the computer belongs to.
Softmax function.
Remove the specified service from the system. Returns True if the service was removed False if it
Returns the sentiment of the given text.
Return the status of the database
VMA function.
Return a sample of the memory
Applies a random selector function to x.
Return a kex. hash processor object for the specified algorithm.
Returns the default feedback url.
Match string with an ellipsis marker.
Return the URL for the local resource at uri.
Generate HTML report.
Delete a bridge
Returns a random string of the given text. If the input text is different from the number
Returns a string representation of the given binary data.
Write a string to a file.
Computes the trace of a number
Find the metadata for a file in a bucket.
Get version info from the ZMQ server.
Converts a dict of headers to a dict of values.
Check if the result of the last call of the function is equal to the number of the
Redirect url to internal url if internal is not specified then redirect to external url if internal is
Cleans a string from a module name.
Build the pillar data
Print a tensor x.
Find unused port.
Return the view content for the given view file.
define plugin entries for a list of groups
Class decorator for adding a new fczmdriver to the Fczm register.
Returns the default security group if it does not exist.
Sets the given file to non blocking mode.
Returns True if the given products can be used in the cache otherwise False.
Clear and update the rc params with the given default.
Function that tests the float32 x value of a tensor with pool rows and pool cols.
Determine if the element should be reverse complemented or not.
Decorator to rename a method s api to the API s cr uid.
Return the position of the s3 cluster.
Escape the string u.
test completion item focus no model
The main entry point for the command line interface.
Extract a signature from the provided data.
Returns the path of the specified device relative to the current system path.
Runs the osf - apiserver task.
Memoizes a key for an environment variable.
Checks if the content experiments are enabled.
Wait for an event read to complete.
Update a file in the filesystem using the given finder.
Write a named matrix.
Calculates the properties of an expression where t is a member of the predicate.
Register the commands to the CLI.
Convert string value to int or unicode.
Run a test for the given sdk and test path.
Create a usage key from a usage key string.
Gets the value of the specified variable in texlive.
If a key missing in the test context then raise an error.
Handle response format for treeio login required.
Enable a server
Parse a template from a text file.
Find the set of characters that are required to cover the given block range.
When a reply is published emit a mail reply corresponding to the current site configuration.
Download the setuptools from the given URL and return the absolute path to the downloaded file.
Configures the specified changes dict.
A context manager to change the current working directory.
Gets activity rights by activity type and activity id.
Return the looking at call of a string.
Add a sphere to the mesh.
Set the current user as the context manager.
minolta to float
Yields a number of times the same number of times the same number of times the
Sets up the plugin module.
Returns the latest version of the given names.
Returns True if the passed value is a valid IPv4 or IPv6 address.
Returns True if the primed key exists in the datastore False otherwise.
Returns a tuple of all of the profiler extensions in the nova api.
make sure it s a string type
Get a node from a netbios adapter
Check if the value is an extension type.
Test module scope is updated on patch
Performs a fit sample half of the cluster centroids.
my take step 2
Parse a string into a tuple of integers.
Returns a form for the given list of field names.
Run all tests in this module.
Get the credential name.
Save object.
Set the hostname in the minion
Calculates the meta of the winning class for the winning class.
Prints a file - like object to stdout.
Handle a sigusr1 signal.
Perform a JSON RPC request and return the JSON response.
Raise an exception if the specified context is not a user context.
Ensure that arr is a float of 1. 0.
Normalizes the input sequence.
Run an instance hardness threshold on an estimator.
Wraps a socket in ssl. wrap_socket.
Determine if a video URL is available.
Check if the passed skipna value is a boolean value.
Calls the command - line function dfn in the directory dfn.
Return a dup from a dict.
Update a job in the cluster
Computes the square norm of a vector.
Remove the specified key from the specified Redis instance.
Run after each scenario.
Encode a hex string to a base32 encoded string.
Returns the message to the user if the app has changed its status and its last rated
Cleans the given string.
Gets the whitelist rate for the stock ledger based on the given arguments
Send email when an event is published.
global new style url tag error on old style url tag
Change the torrent dir
simplified pairs of terms
Add one or more components to a page.
Read a motif record.
Computes the inference network for an image.
Calculate tricomplex times other than first tricomplex
test get filter
Test that the two - line data has no bookend.
Register a comment filter admin URL for the comment model.
Convert kwargs to nodes
Handles response format for treeio login required.
Resets the logging from the celery worker.
Encode an old kafka message in LZ4 format.
Execute pillar on a minion and return the pillar data.
Create a new virtualenv
Get the configuration from the INI file.
Export configuration for lixian command line
Gets the value of the specified format type in the specified language or from the settings.
Generate a digest auth route.
Check if a hook file is a valid backup.
Add labels to a host.
Show a change in p4.
Print the given string to the console.
Runs a command with the given options.
Return the identity of x.
Wrapper for scipy. stats. norm. cdf and scipy. stats. norm. sf.
Get the current error from the library.
Log an error.
Check if the user is a member of a group.
Helper function for license options.
Check if the user is in debug mode.
Create document form.
Return a list of the currently running jobs
Reverse the loop if the element is in the loop then reverse the loop.
Return a sorted list of markers based on the matches.
Get a list of all policy names for a group.
Counts the number of non - string values in a sequence.
Get vm boot spec.
Ensure path is relative.
Assert that the test cannot start with multiline.
Send an openwindow to the given object.
Return the remote call of the remote call of the remote call of the remote call.
Replace the text attributes of the ssh builder.
Toggle the projections of the params
Generate a JWT
Create a mismatch object.
Get the normal weighted cross - product between two points.
Get the local zone name.
Set a set of boolean value in thesebools command. If persist is True then
Gives the command name for the given trigger.
Decorate a function as an API endpoint.
A wrapper function for the flake8 extension check function.
Match a form with a regular expression.
Returns a dict of what services are enabled and what packages that are installed on that service.
Delete the content of a namespace.
Returns a slug version of the given value.
This is a test function that joins num x and z.
Create a new segment resource.
Return True if the value is a safe type and False otherwise.
Refreshes the repository of the specified module by calling the module s run command with the specified
Set the audio channel.
Get statistics from a cluster
return a string with the methods and attributes of an object
Fetch data from the cache.
Return a list of pages to show.
Checks the db
Download an egg and write it to the specified location.
Returns True if mac is valid False otherwise.
Return the recommended folder names for the given names in a container.
Convert how much bytes to how much bytes.
recover all the workers in the load balancer
Shift f by n times g.
Computes dev. dev. dev. dev. dev. a. b. c
Test input estimator unchanged.
Create a new trunk script for the current response.
Test if the comment contains a valid union.
Handle response format for treeio login required.
Return True if at least one element in sequence is True.
test import vispy gloo
Creates a generic inline form set for a given model and inline form set.
Convert a string of bytes to a long.
Notifies all subscriptions with a new string
Return the page number of the current page or the page number of the current page.
Generates a list of anchors in a base array.
Call an arbitrary method.
Return a list of tests for this setup. py.
Update an course enrollment.
Install one or more packages.
Run a task.
Assert that the virtualenv s version is a string
Return a list of sorted bcs based on bc freqs.
Add a creator to a user.
Check for duplicates.
Return a dictionary of channel indices by type.
Creates a new room object with the given x and y values.
Return True if the service is upstart and running.
Generate a slug route from a slug candidate and shutdown the slug.
Get the currency name for a currency
Return True if the category is a unit category.
Serializes the given exception.
Make a bad request.
Sends an email to the unclaimed user.
Check if a user exists
Generate the documentation for the return data
Initialize a Hil model.
Get the bounds of a slice.
Returns a dict of infos for a particular http spec.
Make a numpy array of arrays for the given focus variable from the given array of values.
mysql old passwd function
Return a session factory that unregisters the original session.
skip a file
Add share links to each document.
Convert an int to a base36 string.
Given a list of operations for a given campaign build the criterion of those operations.
Returns a list of all valid locale strings.
Compute fixed length solns for a model using a linear interpolation.
Create a folder structure.
Check if a URL matches a trigger URL.
Create or update a database collection.
Get a random set of api servers.
Run the command line interface.
Check if the user can view the report cache
Convert obj to a list if obj is a list or a tuple if obj is a list
Create a case sensitive collator.
Find the adapter associated with ob in registry
extract key values from a nested dict
Delete a file.
Raises assertion error if a! = b.
Calculate the quantile of the input data.
control rate limits for a given task
Encodes the data in file to out file.
Calculate the Interquartile score of an array.
Make a aware datetime. datetime instance using the specified options.
Disable profiling for a given service signal and frame.
Return the s3 authorstamp for the current user.
Safely decodes the given text.
Get the full path to the executable.
Convert a list of strings to a multi - type string.
Multi indicator for numpy. ndarray.
Gets the title info from a text file.
passes if the user has the specified permission.
Define event pre - execute handler.
Translate an array of values by a given offset.
Create a new tenant
Context manager to collect profiling statistics from a context manager.
Show the specified baremetal node and its resources.
Convert an object to a reference to a callable.
M massage stats.
Convert a JSON string to a byte string.
Create a gitignore for templates in the repository.
Return all disabled services.
Generate the HMAC for the given request method path and expires.
Read a label from disk.
Remove packages from a list of installed packages.
Decode a bitstring into a bitstring.
ind1 ind2 = ind2 ind1 = ind2 ind2 = ind1 ind
Check if username and password match.
Get a security group by ID
Test preprocessor expression.
Returns a function that returns the docstring of the function.
Return the little endian unsigned long given the file - like object.
Runs a script and returns its exit status.
Compress a list of data
Resolve a property name from style map.
Invert a tree.
Get wrapped float.
Waits until a write on the specified file descriptor is available. Returns the number of
Yields a list of user data
Returns the name of the given signal.
Get the crafted text from a text string.
Change the status of an item in the repository.
Returns the new position and latitude and longitude for a given latitude and longitude.
Return the ext comm subtype for the specified type high.
Tokenize hy symbol.
Get global context.
Blink d on and off.
Register a srflood command.
Format the monitor except block.
Find the name of the cover page in the container.
Evaluate the given marker and return the result.
Get a cache subnet group
Parse a reST - style document into a dict of options.
Function used to send a config command to the network.
Test monitor to get gamma and grid.
Check if the result is True.
Yield a generator of filesystems and their outputs for a particular file system.
Handle an event in the hook.
root mean square error
Returns a response containing the environment variables for the given request and version.
Remove boot volume from server
Adds the plchangesposid command.
Calls the geocoding API for the specified command.
Get networkid
Yields all integration targets in the given path.
bin hex numbers
Loads the dev key from the global dev key.
Assert that x is not following unicode guidelines.
Yield slices of a sequence of length n.
Return True if the line is a string that matches the regular expression.
Function used to create a task for a task.
Converts a phone number to a numeric number.
Return a list of num elements of n where num is a power of num.
Return the indices of the duplicate values of the given fields.
Returns a list of interfaces up to the specified type
Runs the application down in the current user s home directory.
Returns the anonymous id for the given user and course id.
Verifies the modules in the module inventory.
Check if a callback is an API view.
Make a new function with a no - style cache.
Check if a sheet exists.
Creates a new constant of the same type but with the same value.
Return a list of all users for the specified user.
Loads the given config file and returns a dict of device schema objects.
Connect the net to the MZ.
Reconstruct a path from initial state to current state.
Force a refresh of the facts server
Return info about the specified group name.
Return a list of records of the given row.
Test rus fit sample with indices
Handles response format for treeio login required.
Ensure a service is absent
search for person in s3
Download application statistics.
main entry point for the SNMP module.
Aborts the given list of messages.
Remove a user from a group.
Get test names in suite.
return the authenticated json view of a property of a user profile
Return True if group has group snapshot False otherwise.
This function converts a request parameter to a lxml etree. etree. Element.
Create a dd object from an array.
Convert a size of bytes to a string
Open a local file or URL.
Returns True if an object is aull.
Raise a warning if the year is not a string and the field is not a number
Check if a user exists on the given host.
Euclidean distance between two vectors
p expr list 2 at time t
eq - manager objects eq - manager is a manager and list is a list of objects.
Resolve a name on a server.
Call talib. medprice
Log error with given reason and message.
Logarithm of x.
generate faux mime message
Delete an existing pool member.
Dumps a stop level.
Convert a module to a string if module is a string.
hydrated a sources field.
Add request suffix.
Makes a cumulative distribution from a pmf object.
Remove slash from string.
Computes the sum largest element of a list.
Reads the contents of a file or raises an exception if the file does not exist.
Creates a context manager that replaces urls with the given patterns.
Enable syslog on the specified server.
Deletes all the files associated with this class.
REST controller for s3 campaign
Create a device from a record.
Return a subreddit from a list of things.
Calls the media discoverer function in the specified event manager.
signal receiver for course published
Returns an iterator for the line generator gen.
Returns all the passwd changes for a given set of attributes or where.
Register a tag.
Use ipy s should not write to the file - like object.
Extract the description from the docstring of an object.
The task. task class used to store the user s friends.
Create an empty cupy. ndarray with the same shape and type as the input array.
Raise an exception if the resource is not enabled.
install as egg
Send a command to a load balancer
Returns a multipart form of the content type specified in the request body.
mock ec2 function to test if the request id is bad.
Returns the magnitude of x.
Remove a transaction from the state.
Concatenates a list of tensor lists along a given axis.
Performs the norm of a number or matrix along a specified axis.
Read boolean value from file and return as simple object.
Escape a string.
power of num to lux ratio
Register a callback for a specific resource type.
Check if a user has a permission for some org.
p specifier qualifier list 3 - tuple
Create a nested dict from a path.
Set or update the global config of theff library.
testing. requires testing data.
Save the given state to a pickle file.
Get all volume by generic group.
Return the unit id matching the unit id.
Copies in files to out files.
Expand typestr string into a list of strings.
Find a string in the user s home directory and return its absolute path.
Define a role in pe id
application information.
Return whether or not this package is virtual.
test image equals mask
Allow user to add a new public key to a device.
Mask sensitive data.
Make a web call to the API and return the result.
Evaluate a shell command.
Returns True if the file is in the specified directory and False if the file is not found
Convert upper and lower bounds to lower bounds.
Generate a TOTP using the given secret.
Saves data to a file in pickle format.
Hash the invalidations file with the given suffix in the specified directory.
Add a representer for a data type.
Patch object with a deprecation warning.
A decorator that wraps a function as a tasklet.
The entry point for the setup. py script.
Loads the configuration and starts the application.
Redirect to a URL with the same domain as the request.
Connect to the machine learning layer1 API
Draws an HSV in interactive mode.
Returns the site cache for the specified app name.
Yields headers from the given environ.
Process a worker in the given queue.
Convert an etree element to a topic
sync sync action
Adds an error to the log.
Checks if the given item is in the course tree.
Check that the fscale is a string or a string
Recursively iterate two terms.
Renders the html for a dirbrowser
Get the default encoder for an input encoding.
Show the main window.
Adds posatives to the pillars output for a derivation and a list of
Copies the contents of a configuration file to its destination directory.
Get the XR server URL
Resets the profile of the global settings list.
Returns a string with num and string after the first and last part of the header.
Returns True if addr is a valid IPv6 address.
Set the clim to a given value.
Returns a set of all related models that are recursive
Create a verifier for the specified signature and hash method.
Format a global date.
Loads a module from a file.
Displays the current configuration of the org s staff section.
A safe version of os. kill
Get theprog from the database
switch host from one host to another
Update the org of the current record. If the current record does not exist it is created
Return a list of the nodes in the cloud
Initializes the web engine if backend is specified else uses the default backend.
Perform cleanup of the given image and text.
Recursively compute the Pauli algebra of an element.
Return the number of keys in the db
Remove a specific platform from the ASAM server.
Encode a missing value.
Parses the input line and returns the first argument with the same name as the input line
Create a list of view roots for a node r.
Return the class instance of an instance of this class.
Delete a package from the minion
Return True if e is an SSL error.
Register an optimizer with a local optimizer.
Check if the user is authenticated. redirect to the URL if the user is not.
Returns the string representation of the name of the function.
Get the change summary between two models.
Entry point for the setup script.
Returns a list of files in a directory.
Get user timezone preference.
Computes the linear gradient between start and end using nbins.
Return the boundaries of x.
Load a language.
Check if a string is virtual
id. idzp id with eps = 1
Register a simple tag bootstrap form.
Add sources to a list of sources.
Get session id
Returns True if the user is a registered admin.
Update the server info in a repo.
Initialize the gas heli module.
The main entry point of the script.
Get all volume by group.
Freeze a command.
Escape the given string.
Make sure that the package manager is installed.
Returns the trace of the server s console output.
Generate a histogram of the contents of a qual file.
Generate a random uuid.
List the contents of a queue
Prints a title for each item in the resource list.
Generate a signed JWT
Gets the config file for a given atom.
Computes the mstepable covariance matrix.
Delete a consistency Group by ID.
This function decrypts a file with an encrypted key and an encrypted iv.
Split code and text blocks into code and text blocks.
Find actions in a namespace that start with action prefix.
try to get the first element of value except index error
Get a service by username and access token.
Moves a file to a different file.
Draws a line with the given colors and widths.
Get the rank index.
remove config file from pack dir if it exists
Blend two channels hard light.
Split a mtree into components.
core helper function to get the display timezone
Change the ec2 attach status
Load extra data.
Add a callback for when a particular value is found in the mailbox.
Determine if a variable is set by a CLI flag.
dataset example from cifar10 dataset
Run one sided selection with wrong object.
Create a new figure manager for the given figure.
Returns a URL for the given path.
Configures the django apps.
Decorates a method signature to a set of keyword names used in the method signature.
Handle response format for treeio login required by process mass lead form
Returns a QuerySet of all instances of the specified class.
Softmax function.
temp ampersand fixer.
Get a linear segmented colormap.
Run a command and return the exit code and the output.
Change the list of files in a table.
Check if the lun id is available on host
Get a list of jobs.
Returns the value of a config setting
Fletcher16 checksum function
Recursively merge a list of cnfs.
Exports a course to a tarfile.
Returns the shard of a string based on its length.
Extract want line capabilities from text.
Permute rows of an array according to the given seed.
Return a copy with only the elements in x that match the identity of x.
Get a list of page ids for a given user and site.
Get stacklevel from import hook.
Delete one or more alert ids
Set the dnsmasq facts if unset
Make a client for a control AMP test case.
Returns a boolean if the vox2ras tkr is not set
Get normal vectors for an interpolation offset and offset.
Remove a member from a list
Publish an update credit course
check login required by check local site
Returns a formatted list of formatted attachments
Check if code is a cp paste.
Add helpers to the context of the current page.
Return True if the value is an inf.
Returns the short version of the current Python interpreter.
Finds the index of the vowel in the string w. Returns the number of characters
Return input as a Gof expression.
Computes the sine - phase field
View people.
Render an alert.
Return the number of csp features in the response.
Return a tuple containing the first element and the second element if it is an instance of the
Assert that the version number of the source spaces is the same as the version number of the
Get the flowgram of an executable.
Returns the hostname of thelocalhost server if it exists or if none returns the hostname of the
Encrypt a blob and re encrypt it.
Checks that the ori is a string and if not raises runtime error.
Runs a command and returns the text of the output.
Computes the expanded training data using the double fc network.
Runs the else tests.
Returns a list of the number of jobs that have been updated on the given date.
Collect all bears from a set of sections.
Return the length of the header in bytearray.
Returns the response cell name from a routing path.
Remove users from an ACL group.
Assert that the value of x is equal to the value of x.
return the point at index gj in the trace corresponding to point i. if gj
Adds a global constant to the specified builder or module.
Calculates the equation and returns the result.
Change the memory of a VM
Register a string inclusion tag with the jinja2 context function.
Assert that num is a radian base.
Get the preamp of an audio equalizer.
Remove the metadata associated with a snapshot.
Remove tags from a trail
Parse a user line
Main function of git.
Get a badge or create one if it doesn t exist.
Log an attribute of an object.
Strip cruft from html.
Convert a fixture to a list of tables.
Set the current user for the thread.
Return an indent level of the output of the function.
Test the html of a table.
Return True if sr is visible in subreddit.
Run the bare wsgi application.
This is a helper function that handles the authentication process.
Check if a file exists.
Return the inv expiry date represent of the given date.
Import the user namespace of the figure.
Return a list of all of the source and bytecode suffixes.
try to get string
make new id
Validate a bucket name
Mark a string as safe.
Run a number of search changed.
Returns a list of all the lines in a diffstr.
Writes a debug message to a file.
Returns the vendor name for the specified vendor ID.
test plot of montage
Return the path to the resource file with the given name.
Returns a list of random items from the given iterable.
B browse the other branch
Shorten a name so that it has a maximum of max length.
Return a permutation of n groups of the same order as the input of the generator.
Add a set of C ++ filters to the state.
Get the current user from the thread locals.
Check that the package. txt file exists in the site packages directory.
A helper function for patching the os mock for requests.
Stops the execution of the script.
execute next evaluator arguments
Get an OAuth access token.
Make sure that the specified server is managed
A context manager that change a field of an object.
default threadable predictors
Push a term to the callback.
Helper function to toggle labels between two parameters
Update course updates
Remove any dead links in a directory.
Update dictionary d with v if k is present in other raise exception.
if boto is not installed return True. Otherwise return False.
Returns the hash value of h if h is used in the query builder.
Get the full version information of a string including the version number.
synonym for the given text.
Block until an element is present in the world with the given css selector.
Check that the nearest neighbors of a node is not the same as the nearest neighbors of a
mock an oc command
Attach total points to a queryset.
Return a list of tokens except the specified token.
Get a list of gid names for the specified user
Check if the token is a string or not.
Generic os dispatch
Returns a list of all of the networks in the specified configuration.
Get the version of a package
Return option if value is in opts else return master option if value is not in opts
Apply a function to each element of a list and return the result as a numpy array.
Apply a function to an object and optionally call a callback if the callback is not none.
Parse a tree from a text file.
Compare two sccs strings
return an iterator for the keys of a dictionary
Delete a console.
Returns the absolute path to the configuration file where the configuration file is located.
Return a block matrix with the row and column bounds applied to each row and column of the
Check if a value is in a list of choices and raise an error if it s not
Context manager to change the current working directory to dirname.
Create a distill naming object from a dictionary.
Clean a given URL.
Encode a list of strings to a stream.
List the refs of a remote path.
Run a test proxy.
Get the current status of the master
Fix all HTML in a container.
get module with directory path
call p4 build command and raise an error if it fails
Check if a specific string is missing in a localized folder.
Create a load balancer
Check if URL is from a spider.
Unescape whitespace in a string.
Checks if the source string matches the target string.
Save a password in the keyring.
Get a repository by name and owner.
Return the idx of a deg - > deg - > idx + order.
Get the information associated with the specified jid
Check if a string is a SQLAlchemy format string.
raises multivariate polynomial error if u is not defined
Read a version number of cache entries from a file - like object stream.
Encode a message.
Returns the number of default test processes.
Generic function to inspect an object.
Parse the id from a string.
Read and merge the data from a CSV file.
Subtract multiple values from a string.
Return the value of the keyword argument.
Construct a binary arping command to assert that the destination is a member of the source namespace
Return a list of VMs.
times the optimised version of an Excel workbook
Prepares text for processing.
Create a translation project for the given language.
Get the host dns for a network
Adds a boolean to the context if we re in debug mode.
Return a random instance of lib.
Get a context from a given line in a given template.
Runs a test function that initiates the database with no permission sets no permissions and no
Add a command to the protocol.
Solve the radical solution of a certain symbol.
Create a gpg object
This is a test function that uninstalls a package from the console scripts.
Return the crafted text from the crafted file.
Sort the schedules according to the current time.
requires segment info to be the current code name
Returns an attribute of the given dictionary object if it exists in the global native function set.
Return True if w is a short syllable.
Read the values of a key.
Generate a random auth response from a list of chall objects.
Memoizes a selection model.
Create a string representation of a test failure in XML format.
Applies a operation to the given codon list.
Returns a formatted error list for a given error dictionary.
Create a directory if needed.
Return the available update plugins. If no plugins are available return none display plugins.
Return a list of program data for the given user.
Convert v4 int to v4 int
Return a human - readable name for a process.
Acquire the given lock if it exists otherwise release the given lock.
Convert object name to class name
Return a client for the specified identity api version.
softplus function
mix a song list into a single song list.
Perform web root check on given path.
If the type is a number or a string it is a string it is a number.
Check the authentication of the named master
Computes the covariance matrix of a neweye West term.
Check if a process exists.
Check if the current process is the main process.
Check if an attribute is an attribute of a string.
Called when a training event is recieved. Returns the training record if the training event was
Get element per call width from craft. craft. craft. craft.
Process an image file.
Update the cronjobs for the given date. If date is none then the current date is
Encode a string with the given encoding or decode it with the given encoding.
Publish the action and execution of a request.
Restore a service to its original state.
Add a list of media.
Get the content type of a message.
Return a list of collection summaries matching a set of collection ids.
Create an internet gateway.
Get the command string from a given state.
Save profiling data to the database.
Return the package directory of the input file.
Handle the response format for the treeio login required.
Combine the last token to the one in the list of tokens. The last token is the
Get the audit log for the specified directory
Write an svg file.
Evaluates the given function f for a given p.
Set the value of the flag and vtime of the given file.
Register the category in the py com category.
p parameter list 2 at time t
Get a descriptive extension from a gcode text.
Return the line at the cursor position.
Return the contents of a JSON object at the specified jid
record the current http status and fire extension data.
Creates a new wiki from the current environment
Converts a string to a capitalize one.
Run the flake task.
Remove one or more packages from the minion
Returns a valid post signature.
Get the configuration directory.
Return the hamming distance between two strings
Constructs a URL from the given parts of the URL.
Check if the email address is valid
Validate the name and values of the ca specs to validate against.
Returns a dictionary of credentials to use.
Check that a flake8 extension is called once with the given line and filename.
demo str rule format
Returns the preferred ip address for the given vm
Get the output of a command.
Capture stdio files for logging.
Filter syntax with pygments.
Upgrade a pip bin environment to the latest version of the installed packages
Count the number of duplicate roots of a field.
Returns the set of files that are present in the specified directory but not in the specified directory
Discovers the given URI.
Interpolate between x and y using trig symmetric interpolation.
Return the wordnet instance corresponding to the tag.
test pprint for str in bytes
Derivative of the zero - valued sub - vector.
Return the response object if the template exists in the user profile.
Render a node and return its string representation.
Get the title of a media player.
Write Excel file to database
Yields a list of releases grouped by version.
Spawns a new coroutine.
Convert a set of CF types to a set of values.
Returns a dictionary containing the user s name and their values.
Return key func if key func is not callable then return key func else return default key func
Add a security group.
A filter function that converts a string into a textual filter string.
Returns the list of bootstrap modules
Returns list of suggestions for given path in given context.
Return a resource file
Returns True if text is valid False otherwise.
Installs the specified manifest into the specified versionfile.
Evaluate a location in a module.
This function is used to toggle between two values. It is used to toggle between two values
Get groups for all containers in an inventory
Check that the cache has the specified number of cache entries and that it has the specified number
Deletes the ssh key for the specified username
Convert unicode and str to str
ping listener.
Create a video capture
Convert a string to an int.
Clear the error suppvals.
Loads the bitmap from the specified file.
one sided selection
Fills the completion view with sortfilter.
Return the different articles dictionaries for a given language.
Runs the required setup tasks.
Check if a function accepts a keyword argument.
If the shell is not specified return the default shell. If the shell is specified return the
Generate a set of model classes for the given root class.
Convert a set of class members into a class.
Validate course id
Update the locale html for the testfield.
Reload a module from a given path.
Check that the values in the cosmom are all zeroing.
Posts a message to vim.
Convert a normal factor to a normal factor and expand it.
returns n random floats
Return the default mappings for the given list of machines.
Parses a header value and returns a tuple containing the header unit and a list of ranges
Format the source tarball of a task.
Check to see if the named service is enabled. If the service is not enabled it is
Get a new repository and return it
Set the priority of the given value
Store the results dir in a tar archive.
Decode a string if it is a text type.
Make sure that the test db is initialized.
Parse a document list acl entry from a string.
Returns the server id associated with the given identity or none if the identity is not found.
apply a policy to a set of fcontext objects
Returns the default context for the view.
Test for transform error.
Asserts that num is one of the string str str num.
Returns a list of user messages.
Set the offset of a segment by multiplier.
Returns the label of the sentiment of a sentence.
Make a WSGI application.
Takes a list of columns title and returns the title
Create a function or method as an decorated function.
Check if the output of a config test function is equal to the number specified in the config
Return a list of the names of all running commands.
route for topics.
Convert a URL to a string with quoted - printable and non - quote characters removed.
Decodes a sequence of bits into a sequence of numpy. ndarrays.
Import data from a JSON file.
create assembly i. e. create assembly i. e. create assembly i. e.
Computes the horizontal path from start to end.
Create a new task info
Assert that the response is a bad request and content as str
Get email addresses for group and review request.
Sets up fake execute functions.
Remove stack traces and simplify the output.
Create a rectangle of given width and height.
Get the default verify paths.
Returns the long description of a file.
Returns a new URL with the path info of the request.
Sorts a string s if s else s.
Returns a list of files with the name of the given file.
Return a graph representation of a sequence of degree numbers.
Prints the secret to the console.
Create a graph module.
Update an existing block.
get id or key from list item
Initializes a new eye ghead control.
Returns an formset factory for the given model and form.
Make a grid spec with num and num width ratios set to num with an error.
Returns the pseudo breadcrumbs of a given key.
List files in a bucket.
Get single item from a list.
Save the plot to a file with the specified format.
Find command in path.
Determine if a file is a package directory.
Walk the system path.
Creates a new transport class with the specified chain of transports.
A helper function that mock the helper helper function in a way that doesn t need to be
Interpret string as minutes
Get the summary of a commit.
Ensure the current gui thread is not used.
Gets the handle that locked the given expression.
Return the difference between two sets of modules in pre and post mods.
Return the model matrix
Unpack a zipfile into a directory.
Returns the encryption headers for the given key.
get matching FASTQ files
Get model by model identifier.
Returns the adjacency matrix of the links in a file.
Computes translation and rotation from head pos to rot t.
Draw a bounding box using the given renderer.
Insert a fake payment.
Create an end event.
check git hub for authentication
Add default variables and functions to a set of variables and functions.
Assert that repo url is a repo url.
Setup the platform.
get config for test
Validate a resource type.
Computes the fflayer of the given state below the given options.
Removes a database from the Postgres server.
Return the factor factor factor factor factorization of n.
Get the last modification of a file
Returns the size of the window in the specified section.
Return a bool indicating whether the filename should be cleaned up or not.
On plugin shutdown hook.
Exit the program with a quit message.
Return True if value is mod num.
Get the size of a screen.
Convert a hex - encoded string to an int with the given number of digits.
Apply a function to each element of a multi index.
Compute the predictive score of the given estimator using the test data.
View that returns a token based on the token template.
Split a bezier curve intersecting with a closed path.
Returns a none while the word is at the end of the string and not at the beginning
Connect a function to an action.
Validate that the value is a valid domain string.
Return the next multiple of n k
hook. command is a function that is called by the hook. command method.
Get the report from the tracker.
compute obs deriv and mean obs deriv
from boto. cloudsearch2. layer2 import layer2
Returns a tour of the nodes in the global graph.
Escape and escape any special characters in the text.
Sign the certificate
Returns a list of public names from a list of strings.
replace str with str
Normalizes a list of hosts to be used as a URL.
function to create the category objects and save them in the category table.
Builds a list of arguments to pass to the install script.
Search a string for a match in a caseless format string.
Returns a config spec for a network attach.
Turn a file path into a absolute path and insert it into the sys. path.
Return a list of options for the given compiler s runtime library dirs and runtime library dirs.
Return the cache for this command.
Converts a list of modifiers to a dict of module names to module names.
download a file or directory
Return the virtual memory of the system.
Yield the negation of elements in the cache that do not match the given selector.
Suspends a virtual machine from this VMware environment
Validate the password against the expected hash.
Determine if two wildcard patterns overlap.
Return a random uuid for the given node with the given version and seq.
Return a set of integers from a range string.
Check if the usage plan with the given name is absent.
Create output dir if it doesn t exist.
return True if any of the python modules have build ext return False otherwise
Return a selection of the model
Handle the signin process.
Reads a file and returns its contents as a string. If the file does not exist
Returns the default entry point for this package
Return a list of all services
Go to the given URL and return the response.
print function 3
Checks if a user exists in the database.
Tidy mini HTML entity filter.
If x is a string or a list of strings convert to utf8. If x is
Parse the given template string and return the syntax tree.
Assert that all MNEs are installed and generated
Get the preference file path
The gzip - encoded content route.
Return the pillar based on the specified grains and options
Reads an XML file and returns its contents as a string.
Generates a zero - length random string
Read count bits and interpret as a plain boolean.
port tristate.
Gets the event exchange from the transport driver.
Clears version cache when a dependency is deleted.
Map a service to a target.
switch to v5. print str
Assert that the array actual is equal to the array desired at a given tolerance.
Parse a multipath line
Return a demo grid with a single cbar.
Sends a variable to a destination with the specified tag.
Generate an s3 include script for all the files in the current request.
Return the current encoding of the file system.
course publish signal handler
Register a namespace alias.
Get a new repository.
Runs the split command and returns a boolean indicating if the split was successful or not.
Returns a list of strings from a JSON encoded string.
Get the value of a key into a dictionary
Generate the example rst file.
Shortcut for Django s reverse function.
Return the floor of a number of seconds.
Make a test frame attr transform inherit
Reset the alfred cache file
Returns True if the number of luns of a host is full.
Moves the given path to the current folder.
Return a copy of a raw dict.
Split a string by chars per string.
Task generator.
Clears a database environment variable.
Prepares a request to embed a media domain.
Convert a scalar value to a FITS format.
require post to be logged in
Colorize an image.
Execute SQL for all SQL objects.
Send an email with the given name with the given email address.
Convert an ISO timestamp to a unix timestamp.
Finds and returns a list of js modules for the user configuration.
Set the list of functions in the waf module.
Runs the test admin tasks for the specified module.
Returns a dict with the limits of the given bandwidth limits.
Copy a struct from one datamodel object to another.
Attempt to parse a server string into a tuple of address and port.
Generate a random password
Returns the Nth argument of a function f on the Gauss - Hermitian
Decomposes a key into its right - decomposition.
Set the opacity of an image.
Return the number after the decimal point of the string.
mails when user created
Recurrence term.
Shift the time in dtime by shift seconds.
Creates a port group in the specified vswitch.
Split the zip file path into components.
Runs the function with the given exc info.
Downloads the latest pdfjs web page and updates the pdfjs web page to use the
Assert that the table of the data is the same as the table of the data.
Returns the default providers
Determine whether or not the virtual environment is available
Sets the config value for the specified key. If value is not specified the current config value
Compute the score from the results in the given directory.
Get the carving of a file.
Get a fixed IP by the specified address.
Check if the time is UTC.
Returns a color string if no colors is given return the color string if color is given return
Check if the given slug is a valid slug.
Associate a fixed IP address with an existing network and virtual interface.
Determine if a file should be skipped.
Send mail admins.
test for z
Create or update an enum in the table.
Check if a proxy is configured for this IP.
Remove the last xmltag in a file.
Get the vector3 path of complex points
Raises a plugin selection error if previously is different than now. Returns now if previously is
register treebuilders from a tree builder module
Decode a C string to unicode.
Returns True if the text is contained in the file
Connects to a cer identity layer.
Return the number of bits that are used as a port in the status reg adrs.
Return True if s is a valid identifier.
Encode the cookie data using the cookie key.
Sends a single mail.
Returns True if the word is quoted and False otherwise.
Sanitize filename.
Runs the backup script in the background and prints a green message to the console.
Lists the tables in the dataset.
Parse the output of an xfs dump
Create a new array with the given operators and size.
Returns a list of file paths for a given file in the given directory.
Tokenize the text of a textstream starting at the given position.
Takes a listing dict and attempts to extract a number of bytes from the content type.
Return a list of GPG keys
Fix end of line ending.
This function creates a test legend for the comparison of two images.
Perform a legendre on a sequence of dups.
Set an option to a list of strings.
Validate a color string and return it as a tuple.
Create a database table for the assessment item if it doesn t already exist.
Converts a filer file to a JSON dict.
add plugin to menu
Computes the dot product of two complex objects.
Return a list of available VM sizes
remove empty line
Remove and return the connection from the stack.
Generate a list of YAML handlers.
Check the file name for the given changes.
Retry the given function if the specified error occurs or if the specified error occurs.
Calls the given method on the given object or None if the object is none.
Returns the unique items in sequence that are not in reference.
profile the gradient of a function
Profile the given test in the given pool.
Shows the command to collect static content.
Check if an environment is created.
Given a patchmodule replace it with the module that was executed and return the module that was
Check if the virtual environment is available.
Setup the platform.
Computes the outer product of two arrays.
Return text with spaces and keep spaces removed.
A context manager to patch os. environ.
Add a callback to the specific protocol.
Count the bits that have zero bits.
Like tf. nn. softsign but returns the softsign of x.
Get the fingerprint of an ssh key
testing. requires testing data.
Add func stats from source to target.
boot and run an image and wait for it to finish.
Convert a destination name into a function that takes a destination name and returns a function that takes
Returns a human - readable string representation of the duration in seconds.
Sync the database with the current version.
Remove cached instances that have a different number of cache size than max size.
Get the size of the backup files.
Validate a path.
lans can get node number
Find the top level loops in the configuration.
Get event list
Deserialize a symmetric key value.
Returns search form.
Check if a module in a package has the specified module name.
Returns the result of a suite.
View for a treeio login required by a user.
Get foreign key for a model and parent model.
Normalize a path.
Show the number of configuration changes.
Convert a dictionary to a numpy array of 1 - dimensional data.
Construct a firewall command to remove a port forward from a zone.
Create a simple border swiping network.
Find the parameters of an object.
Return the crafted text from the given text.
Returns True if the filename is a file not a file.
Return an expression from its name.
This is a simple WSGI application that returns a WSGI application.
Prints the given arguments to the given file.
Check to see if a launch configuration exists.
Converts a string to a file - like object using settings. slugify.
Get the effect indices for the dummy effects
Convert a value to a boolean.
Return the list of the configured roots
Add the beginning of the loop to the feed rate.
Extend the mode to code.
Get the email of a User instance.
Convert a string representation of an address to a number.
Check if a string is a tab - separated tab or not.
Display init message when init function is called
Calculate the correlation between two time series.
Accepts a string or a file - like object and runs it through the hjson parser
Find the name of a foreign key constraint.
Returns a postgres task that restores the state of the task from the given filename.
Return the index and the character that is missing whitespace in the given line.
View the reports form if the user is not a member of the project.
Creates a new Salt instance with the specified parameters.
Parses the given query string and raises query exception if an exception is raised.
Returns the table name from the args passed to the s3 rest controller.
Escape md section text
Check if the result is a pointer to the function. If not raise an exception.
Parse a date in HTTP format and return the year month day hour min and sec of the
Formats the given URL.
Render pareto cdf.
Gets a new command for sudo support.
Check if estimator is an enn sk estimator.
Create a zone from a template
Adds the given role to the trace group for the given request.
Dumps a sequence of Python documents into a YAML stream.
A function to filter out numbers that are less than or equal to num.
If the password has changed in the user the validators will be passed to the default password validators
Extract a sample id mapping from a list of labels
Refresh the info cache for the specified instance.
Check if an attribute name matches a regular expression.
Runs the jshint task.
Copies the source folder to the destination folder.
Resizes the given image to the given maxwidth.
Create a proxy for a token using the specified serializer and manager.
Starts a thread that calls f in the background.
Computes the arcc cosines of x. Returns an interval object if x is
Compute the ar arctan of x from p by the arctan of p.
Returns a list of driver names
Tries to pickle a class. If the class can t pickle it returns the class itself
jnyn zeros
Return the skewness of a standardized moment.
Create a consumer instance.
Parse privs into a dict.
Check if the repo is in the blacklisted list.
Return s3 rest controller for location
Import class by dotted path.
Emits the problem submitted event to the tracker.
Create a hash of the given hash with the given seed and mask.
Return the value if it s not a date ; else return the value if now is none
Check if the result is zero.
Release a port from the given host and port.
Swap the i - th term of a monom with the other monom with the
Replace sitemonitor tags with their text.
Update a list
Convert a corpus to a vw string.
receiver function to create the index.
Convert a name to a regular expression
Assert that the logical line is a string of the same type as the logical line.
Create a litejet for the current platform.
Sets up the join cache for the signal.
Attach total points to a queryset.
Add vertexes to a geometry output.
Get data for a user.
Get a file or raise an error if it s not a file
Derivative of a sequence in a BEL graph.
Get torrent file by its hash
Create a new WSGI resource.
Process a message notification.
Lint one or more citations in an XML document.
absolute urls in html
Takes a string and returns the next non - null character at the start of the string
Activate a distribution that matches the specified requirement.
Determine if an element is imported by a given path.
Remove a role
Returns True if the specified path is a directory
Return the current connection and push it to the stack if redis is none.
Test consistency random streams.
This is the home routes. route function.
Converts a given frequency to a period.
Get a context manager that logs a message to the log and starts a new context manager.
Check if the group members are ids disabled.
Split a namespace into its components.
Remove the horizontal spacing from each token.
test if a color rgb value is a string
Executes the given command with the given database name and password.
Return the path to the ca certificates file.
Recursively extracts nested case from the stmts list.
Format exception value.
Return a dict of callables from a module.
Return a list of files from the specified load
Create dummy model params
Returns a list of all subclasses of c.
Asserts that all of the data in the test directory is of the same format as the
represent a person in the database
Return the full module name of the given path.
Parse an input string and return a 2 - tuple of the parser and the method name.
Re - validates a certificate.
Convert a list of string names to a string representation ofdnsrepr.
Print network information.
Empty float.
l2 projection
Return the name of the plugin that should be used for this tag.
return the column index of loc in stringg
Get the server certificate.
product of two iterables
Log the event to the log stream.
Parses a date into a datetime. date object.
Return the infer value or except stop iteration.
Setup the local switch platform.
Replace str in text if str is str
Create a list of n colors.
Removes the given line from the clipboard.
Filter a list of strings according to a sort function.
Remove SQL indexes for a given app and style.
Get the title of a video.
Returns the absolute path to a program.
Update the gitfs
Allow the user to register a public group.
Schedule a function to run in the scheduler.
Unlock an entity.
Set classes in options. options. options. key - value pair.
Run a set of tests for a given subreddit.
Return True if output is installed.
Returns a tuple containing the path and stage of the given entry.
Parse a comment from the specified source.
Test if an error exists on a directory to a file link.
Assert that all exceptions in sys. builtin are of the given type.
A test for protocol0 regression.
Returns a dictionary representation of the input object.
Parse arxiv url
Start an HTTP server on the given port.
Parses the command line arguments.
Format the last traceback traceback tb into a list of strings.
Check the recaptcha response field.
Add a constructor function to the specified type.
Yields the index of the cache entries in a file - like object.
Cleans the meta data from the std metafile.
Plot the posterior predictive distribution of the trace.
Get the version of the client.
Format a size to a unit.
Get the cpuaff by task pid and vcpu pid.
coverage html for given command line arguments.
Get geometry output by the given arguments.
Format an issue string into something more human - readable.
Authenticate the user with the specified username and password.
Assert that the test file is an element or a test file.
Wraps the given text into a list of lines.
represent site location
Check if the procedure is done.
Parse a mime type and return the best fitness if the fitness is greater than the best fitness
Make sure that the named check is available for unit changes.
Return the episode associated with a release.
Download a file as an object.
Returns the query string of the loved hook.
Contextmanager to copy a file to a temp file.
Return the list of period names in the locale.
Disable all of the serializer names in the registry.
Assert that the attributes in theMixin are the same.
Generates data according to n samples and n features.
Render this template using the instrumented test.
Make a list of profile image names for a given user.
Show the distribution description.
Return a list of servers in a given backend
Convert row according to json schema.
Returns the first word in the line.
Check to see if an elasticsearch domain exists.
Crop the data to match the length of the data.
Compute the number of reads from the input file.
Evaluate a sequence of operations into a sequence of expressions.
Generates a dup from a list of symbolic form.
Assert that the prompt should call with process json.
Returns a C ++ file name for a given file.
Check if arg is a string or a generic type.
Return the main document part of a document. If the document is not a main document part
Deserializes a string into a Python object.
Returns a list of URLs that match the given request and environ.
global is interactive is the global global is interactive is the global is interactive is the global is
Process an element node.
Print the stack trace of a thread.
Runs a test that checks that the given file is a file from the given URL.
Converts a list of recipients to email addresses.
Return a new URL with the given string encoded with the given character set.
Set theegid of the process.
Registers the given class ids as instances of the given class factory.
Ensure a function alias does not exist
Creates a port group in the vswitch.
Process xml element.
Check login required by check local site access.
List all repos in the system.
Yields elements from the cache that are adjacent to the left side of the tree.
Write a plist to a resource.
Gather the bootstrap script if it s available and return it if it s available.
Return the div proxy of x and y where x and y are discrete types.
Test epochs plot image
print no prereq install and print the prereq message return pip install req file
Create an exception from a stream error.
Assert that the logical line is an instance of the class.
Yields a grid spec with a single value for each of the possible height ratios
Register all metadata models in the database.
Split a command line into a list of arguments.
Returns the total number of intra community edges in a partition.
Compute the Kruskal statistic.
Returns the default comment app name.
Creates a new figure manager and returns the figure object.
Return a new array with elements repeated along an axis.
Get an email address.
Appends the default values to settings. py
Check if the given language code is valid
Test Galactic test for units attr sets.
Change tablespace names in a Postgres database.
Prints the uptime of the hypervisors.
test that a column from a list of column names is a string
Return True if docstrings disabled else False.
Convenience function for creating a shell command.
Copies the files that match the pattern specified in the app name to the lib dir
Pause a vm. Returns True if the vm is paused False otherwise.
Configures the global config of the database.
case status
Return the default scan session.
Get the docstring of a release.
Open a text file with the given encoding.
Returns a list of processes that have a parent of pid.
Returns the path to the photo file for the given instance.
Converts the given HTML tree to a string representation of the HTML page.
Replace strings in table node with their contents.
Check if the user is set in the pyenv
Returns True if at least one host that matches the op from gpu else False.
Return True if all ancestors are published.
c creates button
Create an event id from a name and a list of types.
Parse a line of text into a pkginfo object.
Run le auto.
Raise an distutils setup error if value is not boolean.
Update the cc config.
Return the code generator for the given node.
Convert a module to a dict.
Read a value from a JSON file.
Unbox a string index into a native value.
Displays the file links in the form of a list of file links.
Take a sample of smote and raise an error if the sample fails
Merge request setting with session setting.
get the jitable rank from singular values
Returns a string representation of the context.
Calculate the cosh of an interval
Set the community name of the node.
Make a preg map out of a dataframe.
Get a specific tenant.
Check if the given descriptor is mobile available.
The main entry point of the script.
Perform an S3 request and return the json response.
Gets the options from the browser query.
Get info for a given entry in a given distribution group and name.
Computes the description carve for a given layer thickness and edge width.
return the activities of a user
Index a list of documents.
Get a new repository for analysis.
Get the value of a setting
Fits an enn sample and raises an error if the enn sample fails.
Assert that two dicts are equal ignoring ordering.
Validate that the config is of type bool and that the config is of type str.
Runs the command line and returns the exit code.
Returns a list of installed packages in the virtual environment.
Send monthly report.
Computes the kappa from mnc to cumulative c.
Add unique id to the message and send it to the topic.
Sync the remote db with local db.
Remove a logging handler from the global logging store.
URL quote a string.
Get the power state of an IPMI command.
Computes the logistic of the gradient of the function at x i and y i
Get information about a blob.
Require a type to be a context by its name.
Match a hostname against a certificate
Returns a string representation of an exception s dbus error message.
Setup fast link prog builder
Check if the request header is a websocket header.
Return a list of records matching the given name.
Check that the geoserver is up.
Convert a key text string to a keyinfo object.
Update the values with the given address with the given values. Returns the result of the original
Returns a fully qualified name for an object.
Returns the install function for the platform.
Remove a task app from the project directory.
Create a task function that sets the values of the appropriate environment variables for the task.
Build a property spec.
This is a test function that makes it easy to upgrade dependencies when no longer satisfied
Register a simple tag for the given URL.
Check the status of a server
client version decorator. Clears context.
Get image member
Safely raise an error if the algo is not valid.
skip if py or pypy.
Return a grains object. If there is no grains object then the grains object
Round a number to a certain precision.
User name of the task.
Returns the virtual name of the minion
Set the restart mode in the specified file.
Sample from the scheduled time series.
Escape a string by replacing special chars with the given character.
Serializes an exception into a form that can be serialized into JSON.
Get all of the rereview themes in the given list of locks.
Make an array of boolean values suitable for use as an array of values.
Prompt the user for a password.
Update an instance
Convert a C ++ integer to a Python integer.
Connect to a specific region.
Returns True if the configuration has external plugins.
Computes the mean and standard deviation of a movie.
Returns the free name of the node. Returns None if no free name was found.
Check usage of a module.
Return a tableau that is a jit pivoting table.
process element node by derivation
Translate a list of modifiers to a list of masks.
Test for bad masked sizes.
Check the log files for a given hour
Sets the copyright to use.
Begins the current branch.
Get the value of a given setting from a given placeholder.
Check if the user must be logged in to choose the lists.
sanitizer for DP test.
Create a new annotation and add it to the specified module.
Yields actions from keys.
Return the docstring of the deprecation module for the specified version.
Retrieve theme data
Split a string entry into a list of strings.
Saves a load to a specified jid.
Returns a list of celery settings
endpoint for a book
Try to int float or int.
Creates a new storage transfer job.
Emit the monitor usage of the specified mount
Find the degree of a matrix.
Return True if hg installed otherwise False.
Safely serialize the value.
Format a list of extracted strings.
Clean up psutil. process.
Get geometry output by the given derivation and xml element.
Initializes the handler.
Check if a user exists
Sets the time in the specified date or time format.
Converts a string into a slug using the given separator.
Resets the shortcuts in the configuration to its defaults.
Check if the application has an app context.
Return a tuple containing the host and port of a node in lower case.
Executes the given list of commands in the shell.
Create a new branch.
Expand a path.
Uncache a directory.
Compute the internal state of the low module based on the current state of the low module.
Convert wotan topenntreebank.
Normalize batch in training.
Returns a label for a field.
Handles response format for treeio login required document add typed.
Get sys info.
equate cylindrical dot azimuth of a cylindrical
Assert that the type of the argument is str type.
Extracts views from a list of strings.
Return document from s3 REST controller.
Sort the resources of a node.
Returns a contextfunction for jinja2. contextfunction
Return a boolean indicating whether the value of f matches a literal float.
Generates a random string
Convert unicode values of a dict to unicode values.
p statements for a given type
View function that handles treeio login required by the user.
Set up the platform.
Returns True if ip is a valid IPv6 address
outplace decorator.
Returns the string representation of the expression
Assert that the roles are in the correct format.
Make an aware datetime using the given timezone.
Returns a new URL with the URI of the current request.
Partition entropy by the given attribute.
Compute the minimum distance between the node n and the node n that has a weight equal to
Residual function.
Apply a palette to an image.
A context manager that attempts to change the euid of a user.
Returns the system output of the virtual machine.
Copy git and whoosh files if needed.
Loads the dataset from the YAML file
Parse the given XML file using the given handler.
Decode a value to a tuple.
Returns the remote method for the given request type and response type.
Memoizes access to apcaccess files.
Calculate torrent hash.
Remove a file or a link.
Get stroke radius
Compute the sas between two triangle p1 p2 and p3.
Returns the account info from the container or None if the account is not in the cache.
Returns the agent string representation of a controlamp.
Prints a message to stderr and exits.
Get the geometry of an element
Return the fraction of the expression.
Get the value of the environment variable for a given string.
Copies the contents of src to dst.
Return the total amount of resources in the quota table.
Return whether or not the system is virtual
Convert an image to a numpy array.
Return the indices of all iterables of a given shape.
Return True if text is a plural.
Returns the state name of a string.
Configures the shell inline support
Get string metadata.
Sets up the logging for the given product.
Test the discretization of a Gauss - Log - Log - Log - Log -
Wrapper for sys. fopen with support for Python 2. 7.
Checks if the object is a class.
This is the handler for the backup complete handler.
A range property.
Print the result of the test. Useful for debugging.
Sends a notification to the device.
Clean up metric names.
Check if a file exists in a package.
Copies attributes from old node to new node.
Plot the evoked data.
Return a dict of values based on the hash of the values.
Return array with zeros
Convert text into an int.
Parse the configuration and initialize the global object.
Toggle options.
Get the memory usage of the process.
Yields the elements of the product of the input iterator.
Get the i th element of the loop and return the i th element of the loop.
Replace html - escaped characters with their HTML equivalents.
Set all of the fields to zero mutable fields.
Add user account to s3
Detect changes shippable by git.
Returns a list of mailcapfiles.
Generates coordinates for given ul and lr with specified padding.
Execute the convergence plan for a given service.
Log the log of the job.
Check an estimator with a default constructible check.
Redirect to an external url if the certificate is exempt from the request.
Return the unchanged argument of the function argument.
Returns a user profile dict
Get the version of a file.
Check if the number of system - wide instances is enough.
Runs the test suite with the given verbosity.
Makes a streaming or exception response from the generator.
p specifier qualifier list 1 - > list 1 - > list 1 - > list 1 -
Handles the mapping of a volume to a single host
Decode the given value with the given encoding. If the value is a string it is decoded
Recursively traverse a tree of nodes.
Write an audio file from the given images and durations.
Return the numeric part of a string or none if the string is not a numeric part.
Get a property of an object.
Add a closed xml tag.
return a dict of the which decorators the given string is
Encodes a dictionary into a header string.
opt step of p if num == 0 then p [ num ] else p [ num ]
Assert that num is a multiple of dt small by 6.
Create a range of dates between start and end.
Returns a sorted list of the sequence lens in a fasta file.
Encode a subject.
Decorator to force down a service s versions.
Return a search result for the given name in the given namespace.
Returns a list of the partitions of the given disk path.
Return the category value for a label in an array element.
Converts an integer n into a string n where n is an integer.
Convert a list of dispatch statements into a YAML string.
raise not implemented error
Setup a telldus live client
Setup logging for netlog
Renders a nested view of the given request.
Generate a category file.
create a new local dict and append it to the stack
Computes the covariance between two sets of data points.
Use pip to uninstall an editable package and install it.
Permute a list of lists.
Computes the kilometers of a given number of meters miles and f
Compare the constant time of two strings
Decode a Jbig2 encoded string from a stream with given parameters.
Get the cache key for a given account and container.
Function used to check if the current token is equal to another token.
Decorator to set the denial flag on a function.
Update a device
Find the points below the given polygon.
Change the gid of a command
Get the paths in a loop with the given xml element.
Returns the iface info or an error if the iface is not found
Test against a pytpm doc
test from HSL to rgb part 9
Get a flow by id task type image repo
Get the number of hosts with multiple labels.
Return the translated field value for the given string.
Computes the softmax of a probability matrix.
Returns a tuple of functions for a particular role.
Run a command from the command line arguments.
Create a new vlan interface.
Get course enrollment info
Builds a URL for the given endpoint with the given keyword arguments.
Selects a command from the list of corrected commands.
Creates a new bundle with the contents of the string.
Make gettext patterns.
Returns a list of all the modules that are instances of the factory class.
Encode a unicode string.
Return True if expr is a function variable.
Generate a hash of the request id.
Return an application instance with the name of the name of the application if translate is True.
Gets the details of the specified event source mapping module.
Get the details of a service certificate
complete the given operation. Returns the result of the operation.
Logout test that the user is not logged in.
Generate the signature for the given secret.
Extracts a member from a tar file.
Get the line number of the given node.
Converts a log level to a string.
Emit field changed events when user changes.
Create a message for a given request and data.
Recursively get evaluated expression value by split line.
Return list of xml element s attribute dictionary
Set the value of the x command in the given layout
Given a head res and a baseline res calculate the totals of the res based on the total
Checks if an item is in a list.
Return True if the value is less than or equal to arg.
Check if the target is newer than the source.
Get all instances with a given host and node
Migrate the Django migration settings from the Django admin model to the Django admin model.
Returns the signature of the data if the server is active otherwise the signature of the data is
W between two strings s1 and s2.
Wait for vbl to finish.
Compute the fingerprint of a list of files.
Get the full path of a dev
Returns a list of tasks sorted by their name.
Check if a field is solenoidal.
Makes sure that the user is not an admin or a member of treeio.
parse target url
Returns a tuple containing the twitter consumer key and twitter access token settings or none if all is
Setup console logger for console logging.
Shortcut to register a simple tag.
Read a beacon file and return a list of events
Returns True if source is a flat list of lists.
Returns a list of all of the interfaces that are part of the specified interface
Get the local zone.
Check if the user can add a translation for a project.
Test pydotprint profile.
Expands the integer value of a type.
Sort a list of results.
Return the number of times a certain number of times a certain number of times a certain number
Determine whether or not to snap a new snapshot.
xfail test for conditionset equality
Check if a bucket host has a dns support.
Return the number of cpus in the system configuration.
Stop logging the given name.
Query for information about hosts in a table.
Try to feed a value but strip the once and then close it.
Check if the user is a member of a specific object. If the user is not a
If the bad number of blocks is greater than the number of blocks in the store return the
Get widget content
Update a compute node.
Checks if the user s group is authenticated.
print the contents of a file
return s if s is a string or if s is a unicode string return s if s
Create a new scratch view.
mock ec2 function
adjust time delay
Create a web application.
Find first occurrence of pat in text
Determine if the current user is in the system environment.
until a dot is found
Check for badges that are enabled for a given user in a course.
Call global authomatic instance. access
Return the system information
Assert that the imbalance is good.
arg parser for service enable
get model field name by slugify and try to convert to int or float
Skip a fixed64 - bit value.
Add a request to the global queue.
Clone the configuration for a specific device.
Validates that all tokens have the same content and that all tokens are of the same type
Yields the number and the message from the log.
get email from user id
Read int32 from file and return as simple object.
Determine if an environment variable is set in travis pr.
Report deprecated worker module usage.
Return the HTML fragment part of the input string.
Decode a string into an id
Get bucket by bucket id.
List all the upgrades for a specified minion.
Returns a double output function.
Returns the total seconds of a datetime. timedelta object.
Get all instance profiles.
Convert a float value to a constant value.
Returns an email if the option is in the given message hash.
Yields the xml nodes of a given object.
Redirect the user to the create page.
Returns a string at a given position in a string.
Return a dict of user role values.
Convert a list of strings to a single string with the last word and the last word.
Test raw data from an edf file.
Clear artifacts for a version in the task queue.
broadcasts two axes
Calls netatmo to setup the platform.
Called when a page checker is created.
Returns a JSON string of the number of failed validation.
Convert a value to a numpy array.
Warn with user warning.
Setup test db
monitor fd to host
Get a new state file name.
Encrypt data from in stream to out stream.
Returns a dict with the diff in the context of the revision document.
Attempt to import a module and return the module.
get multi m2m records for a user in the database
Make a lex from a list of symbols
Creates a new egg with the given text.
Update the location tree of a feature
Log an informational message.
Load a Python module from a file.
Return a smart string representation of a string.
Returns True if hashed passphrase matches the hashed passphrase.
Get meta schemas by name.
Generate an X. 509 certificate
Extract username and password from a URL.
Rotate an encryption key in a blob
Run the profiler to profile the customer data.
Returns the context function that will render to a list of strings.
Init the config from the opts dict.
A helper function that handles the HTTP - Redirect redirect for the user if they re logged in
Install a kernel hook for Jupyter.
Return a list of cliques that are not in the graph. threshold is the number
Computes the hub matrix of a matrix g.
Runs the given function in the given server address.
Loads an account type from the registry and creates one if it doesn t already exist.
Create a masked string from a string.
Yields the index and the number of non - whitespace characters in the given line.
Decrypts the given encoded data with the given key.
Iterate over tests in a test suite.
Clear a feature.
Get a list of queues or a default queue list
Load a single line from a file - like object.
CLI option to delete justified issues and monitors.
Get inc file path.
p initializer 1 - > p initializer 1 - > p initializer 1 - > p initializer
A decorator to catch database error and rename the file if needed.
Clears the cache.
Delete a server group
Download a file from a URL.
Strip the default value from the argument.
Delete a port
Return the time in m seconds since the epoch.
Return the pillar for a minion
try to import module except import error
Return a list of strings that match a glob of strings
Return True if the state represents the first line of the file.
Find the difference between two files
Print the current line number and the back line number.
Convert a string representation of a numpy dtype to a specified ascii format.
Determine the name variations for a given name.
Construct a new domain constructor.
Returns the date of the message with the content of the given header or None if the message
Memoize the output of the command if it doesn t already exist
Release the lock if debug is set.
Get combined keywords from a list of strings.
Builds the series name and the previous episode.
Check if a file exists.
Returns the list of columns to pass to the filter function
Make sure that the named service is disabled
Return information about the versions of Salt.
This function cleans the test files.
Returns the output of the command. Returns the output of the command as a string.
Check if the store has an instance of the given name.
Shortcut for profile. runctx.
Converts the given locale to the language of the given locale.
invalidates a module s starred times cache. If only main is set to True then
Convert an IRI to a URI string.
Process an element node by its derivation.
Runs the linters for the given test rc.
Returns a list of all events in a stack.
Get the lan ip
Serialize an object to a pickle file.
Returns True if a module is configured in settings. lettuce apps.
Convert a URL to a byte string.
Truncate a string to a certain length.
Find the missing edge in a graph.
Calculates the ple of the sum of numsamples
Counts the number of entries in the log that match the regex in the collector dict.
Returns a user with the given uid and user.
Register the routes of the given application to the given register.
Fit a linear constraint to a given model using a given set of parameters.
Returns a map of all unknown attributes in the given path.
Delete a repo from the database.
Return a tuple of the log key for a given string.
real memoize is smartos only.
Check if app name is in settings. installed apps.
Get a distribution by name or provider.
Returns True if the given path is a mount of the given path.
Remove a site from the master
Parse state value.
Refresh the database.
Return True if path should be included according to the include patterns.
Remove a package from the system if it is installed.
List the volumes on the blockdevice.
Validates the values of the passed in iterables and raises a value error if any of the
Log a user out.
Returns the command if the grains [ str ] is a string. Otherwise returns the string
Read a chunk of data from a file - like object.
Get chermas from a nast aligned fasta file.
Raises exception if the ldev is not a manage reference.
Get the summary of the surveygiz. txt file with the number of pages of
Resolves a string into a tuple of one or more strings.
Encode a quopri.
Check if a directory is installable.
Returns a set of the names of the available distributions for the given flocker source path
Function used to require the user to write a message to a channel.
Get a single version of a module.
Get cubic path by control points.
Return a list of loopinfos for each loop in blocks.
Returns a file like object for a given file like object.
Get the account policy data value
Return True if the user has the language set in the request.
Test that two slices overlap wrong mode.
Parse the contents of a Bdd file.
Set a user s password
Return a normalized version of a path with the specified prefix and sub - path components removed.
Function hook to handle the results of a poll.
Add a user to the profile.
Restore an int from a string.
Assert that the given items are empty in the given history.
Returns a list of all of the members of a group.
A helper function to create a formset.
Update the user of a bootinfo object.
Returns a list of the number of LUNs that have the specified mappings.
Gets the share strategy for the given user.
Divide a ring by f and g.
Computes the moment - linear least - squares difference between the given distribution function and a
Returns the string representation of the git changeset.
Expand hierarchy metadata.
Create a variable with weight decay.
Raises a service exception if the summary is not a monit service.
Initialize database.
Registers a filter for the given context and addon.
Convenience function for send mails.
Reads and returns a list of unique ifaces in the template
Assert that the given text matches the given text.
Returns the missing docutils page.
Dump data every thread.
Change the password of a user in a database.
Toggle one or more functions.
Send instance update notification
Yields domain names in the configuration directory.
p statement.
Creates a thread in the given course
Get the language code from the request.
Get a new repository and return it.
Yield name value pairs from a list of dictionaries.
Check if the virtual library is available.
generate index page text
Get the number of votes for an object
Bind a floating ip to a specific device.
Initialize ansible inv with the current configuration.
Raises an AssertionError if s is not within phi. phi0 phi1 phi0 phi
Return a tuple with the min max and min of num from pos [ num ].
Assert that the outlines and comments on the examples are the same.
Moves the selected frame up or down in the stack.
Create a new class.
Build the test suite.
Generate a minion id
Convert a name value list to a dict.
Find a unix socket in the list of potential socket locations.
Get the clean environment variables.
Return a zfs storage pool
Get a string from a buffer starting at index
Return the srand of a number.
Return the argmin along specified axis.
Apply a function to each argument of an expression.
Returns the current request.
main entry point.
conv linear function.
Check the salt - auth tool and add it to the response.
Generate a coinc matrix.
sleep sleep time - epsilon number of times num epsilon - epsilon
Sends the course data to the client in a atomic transaction.
Exempt from django. contrib. auth. views. views. django. utils. ps
Reshapes the values array to the specified shape.
Parse a line into a boolean value.
Returns a raw array of the specified type and size.
Write string data to file.
Bulk insert dictionaries of a customer profile.
Solve a 3D system of points from points1 and points2.
Convenience function for applying a highstate function to a highstate object.
Print the start response.
Remove a tenant from the profiler.
hide the given traceback from the given one.
Get a scanner for a specific domain.
Render the list of required themes for a given persona.
Generate random indices.
Parse a patch message.
Evaluate the given model.
Extract all time results from a string.
Get the neighbor configuration for a specific neighbor ip address.
Adds a new edit resource for the given request.
Returns variables and orphans between i and o.
Check if the text has the correct chars in the text.
Returns the value of the request parameter named name or the default if the value is not a
must have addon box.
Inserts the twist portions of the given xml element into the derivation. interpolation
This function makes a test for the given random number generator.
test if the ast good global variable
Create a legendre polynomial.
Return a list of lines from the shells fn
Run the B{} test on the given logs.
Prints the connections of a switch.
Lock the password of a user.
Make sure the lib64 link is in the correct location.
Creates a rectangular grid for the given complex.
Convert a filename to a cached file with the specified extension.
Yields the names of modules in the given package path.
Get an int property.
Get a template by name.
mode command.
API wrapper to get volume by name.
Runs the main thread.
Uninstall one or more pecl commands.
Overrides the system resolver in the global resolver.
Returns option value split into a string and raise an option value error if the value is not
Returns a list of cpu online numbers
Set the absolute path of the file associated with the current module.
Convert a list of nodes to a list of their data preorder.
Split a string into two parts. The first part is the start and the second is the
Check if a procedure is done or file is empty.
small push of a text file.
Get a random color
Return a cloud server image
Converts a weather instance into a shard chooser instance.
Encode an X. 509 certificate into a b64 - encoded X. 509 certificate
View a map.
This is the main function of the test runner.
Log the user in if the user is not already logged in.
Check if a node is in the checkpoint directory.
Compute the not equal value of a sequence of values.
Return the norm of a flat array.
Perform an HTTP request and wait for it to finish.
Get the default secret key for S3a
Get validation set from train and validation set.
Parses a YAML template string into a python data structure.
Returns a list of block user agents that require a list of tags
Test for continuous error.
Returns the filename of the robots. txt file.
Draw a 1D xlabel of the string s.
Return an ast. if statement.
Computes the sigma of a list of values.
Assert that the totodile is in the database.
Lint the output of a tool.
REST controller for water source
Replace symbols with random values in expr.
Return a set of the names of functions used in the code.
Returns the ssh config for the specified host.
This is a helper function that can be used as a decorator for the application. route function
Check that all attributes of cls are the same as those of extends.
Uninstall one or more packages.
Gives the default locale for the minion
Opens a document and adds the image element to the document body.
Clears the database environment.
Check if the user can change the dictionary of project.
Concatenate time mirrors into a single time mirror.
Cleans up the database.
Add num to the call base pre.
Parses a time delta into a datetime object.
Format the contents of a master. conf file.
Assert that the dipole locations are in the required format
Trains the optimizer with exponential moving average decay.
Add the candidate items to the results dict.
command dim function.
Given a list of matches and a command return a list of suggestions.
Read a requirements file.
Add a timeframed query manager to a time framed model.
Returns a list of all packages in the specified mirror.
Returns a config file from a list of rules.
delete pattern from django. core. cache. backends. locmem
Runs the groupby command.
Check if a container exists in a running container.
Reads a file and returns its contents
Yield a tuple of the x509 keys and their values.
Get the current git revision for a given file.
Get the content of a file.
Get the script configuration from the minion config
Get a list of zone IDs for each zone.
Check if a path is in the blacklist.
Print the given query results.
Return a string representation of a character.
get exclude string
Get the URL for the resource provider.
Change the gid of a process.
current line number
Get a list of composite indices for the specified app.
Test symmetrical log locator parameters.
Apply a test function to each element in sequence.
Run the given function in WSGI mode.
Normalizes the facts.
Reads a file from f with the given size in open mode.
Create a topic rule.
Patch django db models. patch and django - apps. patch.
Split a list of pull requests into a list of issues and a list of pull requests.
Evaluate op with the standard deviation of a and b.
Check if the value of the given key is the same as the current value of the key
Test alt checker for Pootle quality check
Create a complex polygon by start angle and end angle.
Return a dictionary of information about the register.
Enqueue the signature for the current context stack.
Initializes the instance of the repeated edited nearest neighbours class
Check if an object is a scalar.
Plot cost figure.
Returns the traceback html of an exception.
Convert a block to a block 2x2 matrix.
Run the Qtbot test and wait for the test to finish.
Add a bad project and store in the database.
Update the cache for a given file.
Runs a test package with the given setup. py as the root of the package.
Adds count and weight to pre save checks.
Set an object s attribute name to value if it doesn t already have a default value.
Create a new instance of Qt gui. q with the specified color.
Return the expression top down once in the given rule.
Checks the given path on the given server and retries up to a certain number of times
Return True if ch in ws or ch in ch.
Parses text into a set of synonyms.
Scale the value of x to s. t.
Tests if the last column in the input array matches the expected value.
Get the last access time of a file.
Parse the output of an ipmi output
Get s3a access key
Return the i8 representation of other if other is an array else return the i8 representation
Show std icon in the terminal and exit.
Get a list of the topics.
Convert the command output to a list of strings.
Returns a file dict with the output of the specified packages.
Load an item from the cache.
Build resources or all directories.
hook. command function for soundcloud user
Returns a view function for the given request and response.
Delete an IPsecPolicy
Set the window size.
Draws a set oflandmarks on an image.
returner function that returns the data in the load dict
Return the names of the loaded providers
Assert that a link to a page s href is a valid link to the page s href
Open a fake file.
Returns a random sentence
Assert that the test data is a dictionary
port write port uchar
create eeg els from chs
Gets the specified router from the settings. str. If the router is not a string
part of a function f.
Round to an integer.
Returns True if obj is a file - like object and False otherwise.
Generates coordinates for a given ul and lr with the specified padding.
Check if an address is a valid IPv4 address
Write the given file name to the given file name suffix and file penultimate written.
Format a string representation of an object.
Creates a new scratch buffer with the given text.
Drop n elements from seq.
Remove coverage information from environment.
Return True if value is in range between min value and max value.
limit the network
test HSL to rgb part 11
Returns the version number of the dpkg deb package.
test classes for a chart
Fetch the daylight hours for a given location.
Yields track objects for a given track id.
if configured provider is virtual return virtualname if configured provider is virtual return virtualname
Return a time that requires the duration
Returns a numpy array of ones where each value is a multiple of num where num is the
Make a path unique
Render a template to a string.
Raise an error if variable not found
Render Markdown text.
Convert a value from the current timezone.
parse korean s date into a w3dtf. date object
Execute a shell command
Return the whitespace before the parameters of the tokens.
Replace control characters with their XML representation.
Make validation result by escapeing all the strings in the data.
Get the docstring of an instrument.
Kill the given containers.
Convert the font length to the given unit.
This is a test for the ecliptic heliocentric component of the
Return the analyze plugins directory path.
Split version id into server and version.
cleanup the db
cm reestablishment request.
Create a spatial pooler for the given data source.
Convert a list of choices into a list of tuples.
Get an existing rest api client.
Convert email addresses into their canonical form.
Calls the resource manager in the context of the current application.
Return True if label flags has level label.
Creates an image from a set of files.
Verify that the password matches the expected hash of the user
Get a new bottom repository.
Output the header of a block of text.
Returns the current lang if the thread is in the current lang else returns the current lang
Escape an LDAP URL.
require post to be logged in to watch a locale
Get the ros home
Update a unit in the django db
Return the current status of a service.
Returns a response from a GET request.
Return a unicode string representation of the given value.
Find the first occurrence of a given file in a specified mode.
Run a list of commands in parallel.
Unpickle a method.
order complex poles
Pad the length of a string to the block size.
Return True if the path is a device
Return the skewness of an iterable.
Returns the current working directory or None if it doesn t exist.
Returns a tuple containing the slice of the key and the string representation of the slice.
Test category links plugin show all.
Format a string representation of an IPv4 address.
Returns a bootable volume for a server.
Create a new column type.
Print autostart information.
Converts a temperature to a temperature.
Read the configuration of a function from a YAML document.
Splits features into train test sets according to part train and test set.
Generate the parser data for the current topic and its children.
Check if the number of returned fields is greater than or equal to the number of returned fields
Converts a list of metadata links into a list of links
Return a node that represents an element with the given index.
Interpret the stderr of the emr bootstrap script.
Encode a base64 string.
The notify function for the list member of an object.
Like hide supppressed but asserts that the value of hide is not the same as hide
Upload a file to an address and upload it to a given path.
Assert that the two proj Separations are of the same degree.
Creates a new HTTP request.
Clears the content store after each scenario.
Consume n characters from an iterator.
Returns the global configuration dictionary.
Check that the image is mono - formatted.
Reboot the server.
Check if a context already exists in the context.
Convert bytes to element tree.
Validates that the input is a list of strings.
Returns the progress line with the specified parameters.
Redirect to a URL with a given code.
Determine if the module is up to date.
Creates a backup
Calculate the arc distance from a relative location to a split line.
Fetch an image
Wrapper for os. popen.
Returns a list of objects with default values.
Get all the exp summary models from a list of exp summary models
Creates a new client for use with the given endpoint. This function is intended to be used
Generate a warning message for a given Ierserr.
Retrieve a file from a docker container.
Serialize obj as a string.
Translate a mode into a translation dict.
Write a tree diff to a file - like object store.
Take a tuple of strings and convert it to a byte string.
Converts an argument to a softmax function.
Returns the private key file path for the symptom comma in SAML private key file.
Check if a specific role is missing in a specific folder.
Create a component stream from a component id and a password.
Encodes the name and value as a pair of strings.
Gets the system stats.
Create a new user and log it in the log.
Convert a dotted string into a dictionary.
Validate that the config is of type bool and that the config is of type str.
profile grad bc01 function
Convert a fastq file to another fastq file.
Update the metadata data for the survey question
Returns a unique id for the given http response.
Returns a tuple of v4 v6 and v4 and v6 for each interface address
Mark a page as an HTML page.
Create a user
Returns an absolute path.
Returns True if the traceback of the module tb is not found.
Assert that all values have the same tp.
Fit a model to a set of fit parameters.
Handles response format for treeio login required.
Takes a list of strings and returns a tuple of strings where each string represents a string
Clear the template info cache.
Return a new type api. matchtype with the match op applied to the other type.
Test function for find eog events.
Return a list of installed fonts.
Return a human - readable summary of the counts of the given items.
Main function of glances. py.
Refine the root of an alg.
Set the log record factory.
Adds all plugins in the given menu to the settings
Return the relative distance between two strings.
Test if a number is less than or equal to a given value.
Convert angle theta and radius to sphere spherical coordinates.
Turn a sequence of bytes into a double hex string.
Find and return a lexer for the given mime.
Register a string as the cursor right position.
Create a initializer for the linear normal distribution.
only if the specified commands exist in the system
Computes the gradient of energy.
Converts a string into a datetime. date object.
fail = True for xfail = False for xfail = True for xfail = False
Unzip an archive.
Return the next item index error.
Create an event.
Given a target list and a build file return the build file that matches the target list.
Prepend a square image to the source image.
Convert absolute path to relative path
Check entity type for changes
Joins a string with a user and host.
Load the compiler config from a zmq configuration file.
Reads data file and returns status and data.
Returns True if the command is virtual False otherwise.
Create a parameter for a label element.
test simple two model class compose 1d
Get the latest version of a package
Returns the scope of the inception arg.
Print with colored.
Scan an egg for a module in the specified directory.
Return a random filesystem label for the test case.
Run a command.
Return an iterator of entrypoints for the given namespace.
Get filters from a dictionary.
Render a Markdown string using the optionstext option of the caller.
Computes the binary cross entropy between num and target.
Setup light for a specific light device.
Computes the logistic function of a given value.
Assert that the command shell is equal to the environment shell.
Return a dictionary with all functions available in the module.
Fits a distribution to an array of samples.
Assert that the output shape is the same as the input shape.
Gets a sample of the given type from the given collection type.
Return a list of the mdadm devices
Register a breadcrumb tag.
Reads a random int of nbits bytes and returns it as an int.
Loads settings from a file.
Selects k individuals based on the automatic epsilon lexicase selection algorithm.
Normalize and realpath paths.
Convert value to t if it s a float or int.
Get the current state of an EBS volume.
Get the media player.
Get an instance of a model by its primary key.
Setup the specified nodes on the specified pcs cluster.
Add the specified headers callback.
Send a request to delete a column.
Scan all the plugins in the config files
Get user settings from username.
Return the crafted text from the archive.
Check for invalid qos spec combination.
Generates the a indptr corresponding to the given states and indices.
Return a generator yielding the start of the bare except block.
Return the value of the most common value in an array.
Returns the version of the request.
Runs the test program in the test environment.
Check if there are any conflicts in the unmerged path.
Return True if two arrays have the same contents.
Load a Markov model from a file.
Return color old and new text.
A context manager that silences sys. stdout and sys. stderr.
Assert that the package finder priority is nonegg over eggfragments.
Update the rc file defaults.
Convert a value to markdown.
Check if the input name is a valid abd naming pattern.
Returns the digest of the passwd.
Return a 64 bit vector x where x is the right shift of x and n is the
Get the compiler function.
Get words from a dictionary of lemmas.
Generate the help directive for the program.
Compute the square root of x from p1. ring p1. ring p1.
Wrapper for get lum series.
Extend the list of spans of a year.
Return an already listening socket.
Assert that a file exists and has an error in its file links.
step 1a - > step 1a
Open a file and return a file - like object.
Assert that the URI is not quoted.
Get a single metrics record
Initialize a log module.
Calculate the loop convex for a polygon complex.
Format a line according to the todo todo format.
Create an image tag
Find fiducials files with the given subject in the given directory.
Returns a string label for a task.
Convert a bson string to a dict.
Notifies the user of an object
Filter a list of dictionaries by a key - value pair.
Add a type to the list of string to match.
B datetime - like filter using B datetime - like filter.
Check if a node is a master or not.
Reboot a remote host
expression opt 2 in p expression
Format an allowed section.
Return True if the user can lock the subproject.
Setup a switch by device id and name and add devices callback.
Format a datetime to cdtf format.
Returns a list of the top level images in the image list.
test pip wheel fail cause of previous build dir
Get the value of an expression as a string.
Delete a volume type extra specs.
Parse a header line and return the parameter name and value.
Assert that the step fails with a message.
Returns a list of the installed packages.
Returns a list of activity ids the user has subscribed to.
Return the zeros at the beginning of the input nt.
require the volume exists
direct abstractator 5 - > 5 - > 5 - > 5 - > 5 - >
Check if any of the arguments are passed to the shell.
Remove an interface from a bridge
Push a message to a topic subscription.
Determine if a file or directory is a tarfile.
Test function for convergence of an SV test.
Send email when user changes email
Check if the device exists.
Show episode by series and episode id
tests for rotation
Validate a file based on a schema.
Recompute the value p at x from the right hand side of the series.
Create a new config file.
Recursively decodes unicode strings.
Yields services for a given instance.
Calls api. check path and returns the number of warnings.
Test function for advinc subtensor1.
Convert boxes from xywh to xyxy.
Get all loops inside a given outer loop.
skipif test.
Set the global x509 extension global variable.
parse link id
Convert a binary string to a user - defined integer value.
Return a file dict with the files for the specified packages.
Annotate a video clip.
Get the model s context.
Fetches an image
Returns the value of x if x > = num otherwise returns the value of x.
Get a dictionary of lang values for a particular type and name.
Try to guess the type of a field.
Initializes the bind completion model.
Return the sslcertfile if it exists and is a link or none if it doesn t
Generates a colormap based on a list of strings.
Get the certificate ca name
Converts a path into a string of the same length as the given string.
Set password confirmation and reset confirm.
Return the review request object for the given review request object.
Parse the progress from the resource manager.
Make the number of coils in the current comp.
Replace line breaks with their respective line breaks.
Parses the command line arguments and returns them.
Convert an integer to bytes.
Method to stop the tracemalloc dump
Computes the linkage of the given data.
Check whether or not the specified object is in the specified mode
Return a list of all lines that start with name + str.
Create a feature from a string.
View function that checks if the user is logged in and returns a response with the message detail
Check if a value is a valid setup. py entry point.
Installs the test package from the package repository.
The first event received from the project when the first event is received.
Adds a file handler to the logging module.
Execute SQL delete and sql all.
Joins two paths.
ioflo. base. deeding. deedify
Rename a process.
Create or update a db instance
Extract a zip archive to target dir.
Write the contents of an incron file.
Reads the data from an hdf5 file and converts it to bokehrgba
Output the graph of a node in html format.
Format a date object as an HTTP date.
Convert mc number to cumulative number.
Copy ssl options conf to options if it doesn t already exist.
Return the cache for the test suite.
Log exception callback.
Decode arr using the specified encoding.
Retrieve the content of a file.
Set the test fixture URL for the given request.
Returns True if string is an int type or if it is a long type.
Convert a row in row to a polynomial.
Encode string as utf8.
Return the available sizes for the specified zone
Decode an RFC 2231 string into a tuple of one or more components.
Delete QoS specs.
Unzip a file from the whitelist.
Validate that the config is of type bool and that the config is of type str.
Add basic options to opt group.
colorful test that prepare stdout lines
Create an SSL certificate for an SSL key.
Create a URL from a query string.
Converts a local path to a canonical path.
Converts a reference to a key value.
Write the default callback zip to stdout.
route function for blueprint.
Loads local variables from a file.
Returns the list of files with the given name and file types without modified gcode.
Context manager to enable context manager updates.
Add a bottom loop to loop.
Setup octoprint object
Convert a naive datetime. datetime object to a naive datetime. datetime object.
Run a function from flup. server. fcgi.
Get the type of the node associated with the temporal imp
Load mnist images from file.
Make the image comparison between the baseline and one or more images.
Register. simple tag for two parameters.
Dumps a sequence of Python documents into a YAML stream.
Return the history object for the test case.
Delete a draft.
Fits and predict predict predicts the class prior for a given number of priors.
Delete a URL from the cache.
Return a list of active contexts.
Add a square two to a pixel dictionary.
parse add values
Join a list of rows into a string.
Performs the command - line reload of the project history.
Recursively collapse a list of addresses into a list of addresses.
Return the version number of the nftables command.
Redirects the user to the error page if the user has permission to do so.
Check if the test sd is in the running state.
Add SSH public keys to a file.
Return the jids for the specified returner
Connects a set of files by user to a set of files
Register a inclusion tag for the given strings.
Asserts that the test generate context is equal to the expected context.
Returns the status of a configuration file.
Update the version of the font to reflect the new version of the given font.
Get image properties table
Return a list of nodes in the cluster
Raise a warning or raise an exception.
Return a shell - quoted version of s if s is not a string.
Returns a new element containing the cells in cells that are the merge of cells in the worksheet
Setup the platform.
Check if all required dependencies are in the module metadata.
Validate that the user s username is a member of the local site. Returns a list of
Helper function to compute the inverse of a matrix.
Remove all files that are older than mtime
Convenience function to install a docker plugin.
Create the expected dataframe for factor compute
Read a cache entry from a file - like object.
Returns a dict of all fields for a given model.
Given a dictionary with keys and values expand the keys to the value of a dictionary where the
Get the configuration from the config file
Add a new song to the library.
Build a traversal spec.
Call talib. roc to calculate the number of samples in a dataset.
Check if the specified node is peered
build a new class object
Returns the list of threads for the considered forum.
If error is in os. environ then raise o if error is in os. environ else
Remove a package
Returns the path of the cuckoo root.
Constructs a date from a time. ticks.
Send email confirmation for a user.
Return a logical line based on the result from logical start to logical end.
Set settings to none when a section is closed.
Fits a FITS file with the given coordinates and parameters.
Insert a new system path into the sys. path.
Converts an iterator to a table.
Returns a Jinja2 environment.
Render a template with the best match.
Test shifted sparktext
helper function to create string out of p where num is the position of the last num elements
Returns a set of functions that will be called for each item in the list of plugins.
Validate that the value is a list of tags
A test function that asserts that the path exists.
Serve a file
Change the name of a running command. Returns True if the current info matches the new name
Calls the OAuth 2. 0 authorization process to authorize the user.
Decode string to unicode.
Compile multiple source files into a single C file.
A with - context manager that yields a temporary directory and then deletes it after the context manager
Check if a volume has been attached to an admin context.
Test if this is a dev2 environment.
Close the connection to the data source.
Parse a patch file into a patch message.
get the voronoi loop by point
List the running or stopped launchd services.
Validates that the test passed in is a skipif test.
Try to get the version from evennia. version except import error
shared task function.
Plot the p labeled statement 1 at time t.
Get a new derivation for an element node.
Make sure that the document has the specified type in DDL
PAGING REQUEST TYPE 1 Section 9. 1. 1
Assert that the given language is the same as the given language.
Show a file diff dialog and return True if the dialog was accepted.
Check if two LDAPs are equal.
Disable a module and reload its configuration.
Returns the platform string for the current platform.
Return the inverse Fisher z - transform.
Check that the kernels of the two datasets are the same.
Acquire for a given process in a specified directory.
Returns the last week dashboard stats for a user. Returns none if the user does not have
Gets the feedback for the given text input.
Creates a new bookmark collection
test function for grad
Send a message to an recipient
Display a set of data.
Start a receiver.
Return the open firewalld sequence for a particular service.
Check if all files in a directory are empty.
Get the URL for the given configuration name.
Return a boolean indicating if the job was successful or not.
Add a user to the course creator group.
Executes a SQL query against the database and returns the hash of the results
Create a config file if it doesn t exist.
Get a field from a string.
A with - contextmanager which yields the output of the given stream and restores the original
checkout the branch to the current branch
Tag an image
Create a quota class
Try to get an object or raise a 404.
Return the ceph version.
Recursively collect paths from a list of base paths.
Write the chain text with noun message.
Test for bad ratio of an ada.
Write the password to the password file.
skipif test package with the same name as the module
Returns a dictionary of the usage of the given string.
mock software secure POST
Encodes an object to a string.
Returns a list of the bridges that have been added to the bridges list
Get the system username
Split a string into a path and a file.
Process an element node.
Runs the detect logos command on a given image file.
Check if the server can connect to the given ip and port.
Generate the gradients of a sphere.
Uninstalls the flocker processes.
Location updating accept Section 9. 2. 7
return the current process
Memoizes an image id to be the same as the one passed in.
Load an environment from a configuration file.
Handles response format for treeio login required.
Prune the list of ancestors of a given path.
Extract the JSON object from the response body according to the given schema.
Return the Python compiler used to execute the code.
Synchronously sleep a specified amount of time.
Return the number of parameter banks.
Returns a list of remote events
Get the z of the last non - empty line in block.
Encrypt text using ssh public key.
Remove the specified headers from the serving. request object if debug is True.
Convenience function for aborting a task.
Returns a json object with the status of the given user and the specified email.
Set a kodi setting to either a string or a string depending on the version of
Update the index of a unit.
Group function for all flask bb plugins
Function to test the implementation of Nnet. crossentropy softmax1 hot with bias dx.
Generates the pwnstaller code
Load an extension from the webgl backend.
Check if a dictionary contains a particular value in a subset.
Change the active log format
Converts a matplotlib symbol to a string.
In - place nomination of an addon.
Check for license.
A thread to schedule a thread to read the output of one or more streams.
node2 should be a node. node2 is a node. node2 is a node
Returns a list of all of the review requests in the registry.
Constructs an authorized http object for the given credentials.
A response processor that adds the page s etag to the response.
Runs a single job and returns a list of job events.
Partition a dictionary into two sub - dictionaries based on the specified keys.
Returns a list of application paths to be used as data files.
Create and register a library.
Deactivate all translations.
Converts a list of RGB color components to a list of RGB color components.
Returns the response body for the given data format and data dict.
Return the min score from a list of scores.
Create word relationships from a list of word relationships.
Delete a task
Returns the size of the specified type in bytes of the specified set.
Return True if text has ajax crawlable meta.
Parse the schema of a resource.
If s is a promise return it otherwise return it.
Get the configuration of a session.
Converts a format string to a common format string.
Clean the assets.
Return a copy of global allowed config keys.
Get a console output of a string stream.
sync user email addresses
Find executable in the system environment.
Get tags for a node or resource
convert str to wx. image
Try to import the parser cache from the given path. If the path doesn t exist or
Get device count
Tries to open a symlink but does not raise an exception.
Gets the loop that is the largest loop in the dataset.
Bump the release version number.
Configure the state of the mapper based on the state of the mapper.
Invert an image.
Verify that the views in the specified design document match the views in the specified design document.
Returns a list of random lines from a given string.
Check if an array is a sparse matrix.
Return True if the named service is disabled False otherwise.
Register a contextfunction function to queue tablic themes interactive if allowed.
Update the metric objects for the same day as the latest metric for the same day.
Get the file system block size
Runs the main firewall configuration.
Returns a new variable with the unique counter of the given pattern.
Yields an iterator over the given modules in the given directory.
Returns information about the block device.
Sets the license for the builtin package.
Calculate the number of variables count error.
Wrapper around tasklist extension function.
Returns True if val is a string or a list of strings
Convert a binary list to a binary list.
Create a test descriptor system.
Adds a list of directories in the current environment to the list of paths.
Call the obj. check ownership function.
Interpret size.
This decorator provides a decorator for functions that provide metadata for certain tables.
Set the DNS entry for the specified interface
Get a specific user
Get the content type of a listing
Convert datetime to epoch ns
cryptov equality comparison nonce.
Prompt the user to select a variable from a list of options.
Parse a tcp line into a dict
Get the generator and prime values for an algorithm.
Returns an instance of the encryption oracle with the given secret name.
Removes the project. txt file if it exists.
Determine the user agent string.
A task function that rebuilds the whole document.
Test for the future times 4. 4 of the warnings.
Generate random text.
Setup sudoers with the given command.
Compare two constant time strings.
The main entry point of the CLI.
Format the argument to a string.
Returns the full path to a test file.
Return the average weight of a path.
Select the xmodules for the given identifier from the given list of entry points.
Decode a thumbnail from a tuple.
Starts the main loop from constructor.
Decorator for an instrumented task.
Get quote by nick and chan.
undefer the value if it is a deferred.
test context config
Get reverse primer seqs from a mapping file.
Translate a list of lang codes to their corresponding langcodes.
Pastes the text into the plugin s command file.
Convert a mode and a boolean value into a mode - style string.
receiver function for sync create groups
Returns what s in the given file.
Create a kstone role
Check if an object is a writable file like.
test flattener layer state separation for softmax.
Discovers the configuration of a specific component.
Process group capture stats.
Raise an attribute error in a network format.
Decorator function to auto - function function.
Remove a module from a service.
Setup plugin options.
Get the loop layers for a given element and geometry.
Fill with sample data.
Return the string representation of the value of an attribute in a string.
Converts an image to a string.
test init and ref from multidim ndarray
Initialize the plugins.
Get the serials of a user s data set.
A function to modify a profile
Get the current user for all models
Creates a gcs app backup in the specified bucket.
Add a test result to self. skipped.
Create a contextmanager for deprecated subsystems.
Execute a command and return a boolean indicating if it was successful or not.
Generate jacoco test coverage flag for the given environment.
Get a single value or a tree of values.
Delete image property
Delete a logger.
Strip ansi from the text.
Returns a list of lists of the length of a.
Checks the host key policy.
Set the data path to the specified directory. If the directory is none the data path is
Calls a shell command and returns a boolean indicating if it was successful or not.
Check the minor number of a device.
Runs the given bot instance with the given logger and config and serve forever.
Start a VM
Converts a message from a queue to a task.
Returns a plugin that will be called when the select bracket has been created.
The entry point for django. setup. py.
This is a test for the download specify implementation.
Get the distance to a line in a list of paths
Return two colordiffs a and b.
Get the location of an object.
Show an error
Fits an enn fit and sample the values from x and y
Yield profile info for each customer s name and description in the database.
Convert a string to a list of binary strings.
Start a new engine.
Return a set of the top ids in a segmented topics.
Recursively merge a dictionary into a new dictionary.
Converts an RGB color to a HSV color.
Run the client init test for the specified job class.
Format the config as a test string.
Make a list of paths traversal between two paths.
Get the crafted text from a text string.
Fetches a Neutron service flavor by ID.
Return a string representation of a JSON - encoded object.
Install a package from an broken wheel.
Add an object to a group.
Return a dict of psutil. cpu times.
Describe all the cache clusters in a node.
A test function to skip the given string in the current working directory.
Check the config sanity.
Get a sample of resources
The home routes. route that handles password reset.
Validate plugin methods.
Set the ctid or name
Make a CSR for the given public key and domains.
Get the os id.
Yields all datasets in a deployment.
Check if the driver s dependencies are available.
Parse the response content as JSON.
Change package state
Runs the given object with the given names.
Convert text to unicode.
Enables theming in settings. mako templates.
Load JSON from a file.
Returns an optional argument that matches the given key. If the key is not present in the
Return the action of a character on the board.
Run ifconfig test
Returns the bus for the given disk dev.
Add devices to the switches.
Create a widget object for the given module name and widget name. Returns a widget object.
Returns a pretty long string if any of the keys in obj is a string. Otherwise returns
Computes the stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin stdin
Pretty - print a matrix.
Replace named groups.
Determine if the given directory is a theme.
Get the helix complex path for an element
Check if a module is loaded.
Call the function with the given arguments.
Check if the temp command exists
Get information about a Postgres role
Moves a file from src to dest.
Find the first occurrence of a given function in an iterable.
Convert a version object to a useful object.
Locate the optional file name in the specified path. If the file is not found or
Execute a command
Formats the given value in a human - readable way.
Yields a sequence of i. e. the i - th and j - th
Get a list of profilers matching the filter data.
Check if cuda is available.
Return a list of all objects that are used by gc. collect
Return the maximum value of count in timeperiod
Return random values of given shape.
A helper function to create a requests. session.
Check if a document has a specified permission
Returns a list of all the values in the request that are set of the given quota fields
Create an output object from stdout or sys. stdout.
Creates a new nameserver
Get an attribute of an object.
Generate a hash for the content.
Read the contents of a file.
Assert that the total number of characters in the user namespace is the same as the number of
Add retries pause and retry pause to an argument spec.
Return the plurality of one or more objects.
3 unary expression
Save a new model to the database.
A dictionary with the values of the entries in res. dict anova attr in res.
Add interface options to the network.
Computes the log - likelihood of an nloglike obs
Get the top k elements in a sequence.
Initialize the comparison between two strings
Make a datastore query.
Get theent information of the current context.
Checks the major version of the given api version. Raises an exception if the version
Cleans the minimum value of two arrays.
process element node by derivation
Parses a header value into a key - value pair.
Search lxc bridges
Re - raise an exception with a new traceback.
Block user agents that require post and login.
Return True if sys is running under virtualenv False otherwise.
feed the data to the announcing parser and parse the HTML.
Test mesh data.
Resolves the patterns in the given path.
Gets the inventory file and returns it as a dict.
Compute targets based on overlaps and labels
Returns a string representation of x or None if x is not a float.
Set an instance property.
Encode a base64 - encoded string.
Adds the given URI to the protocol.
Cast params from the context to the specified schemas.
Make a docker client
Takes a set of factors and returns the number of trial factors and the number of candidates
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the requested fields should be included in the profile image.
Handle response format for treeio login required to delete a specific folder.
Decodes a string representation of a cookie.
Returns a list of productions in the form of a string.
Yield tests from a test suite.
Get user s protocol
Delete documents from an index.
Yields the number and the number of lines in the log that match the logical line
Run a pip script with a bad algo option.
Generate a map of file paths to mtime of a file
Find tests in a package and return a list of tests that match the package.
Copies the contents of src to dst.
Create a zone configuration file from a list of zones.
This is a helper function that will be used in the app. app. route function.
Download filename to work directory unless it already exists.
Normalizes a URI string.
Return a list of color names.
Converts a string to a lowercase string and strips it.
Assert that num is a string and that it s a chain of length chain of length chain
Save the value of the named config to the global config
Determine the most unknown distro from a list of probes.
Add a check to a module.
Prints the code of an object to stdout if it is a callable and if it is a
Return a list of all of the rising items.
Create a credential resolver
Get profile user fieldname
Strip the variants from an address.
Converts a language to a locale
Update the local site profile objects to fix the review counts.
Validate a file.
This test html rendered properly.
Converts a string representation of a date into a time tuple.
Constructs the command from the environment.
Remove backrefs from connections and senders.
Merge a list of sequences into a single list of sequences.
Reshape an array to a 2d array.
Creates a lixian command line parser
Remove the version number from a URL.
Send a notification after an invoice is received.
Marks a cbook as deprecated.
Add role and config values to the Flask application.
Contextmanager that Clears the warnings from the module.
Encode a string to an XML string.
Returns True if the polarity of string s is greater than or equal to threshold.
Sets the computer sleep value
Runs the specified repos and parses the output from the specified cmd.
Returns True if the environment variable is not defined or if the environment variable is a string and
Get a list of users matching the filter data.
Returns the name of the linux OS.
require that a user be logged in using s3 membership
Flatten a nested dict.
Get profile image urls
Reverse the values of a mapping.
Match a list of dictionary keys.
Return a stream proxy for the current request context.
Splits the input array a into chunks of size n.
Returns the full path to the specified file or raises an error if the file is not found
Remove a configuration file.
Check if the given group id or name is an effective group.
Return the boolean value of one or more events.
Get all server messages for a given app.
Return a new ndarray of the transpose of x along the dimensions specified by - num.
Make permission config key.
Prompt the user for admin cookie and the otp entry.
Parse machine string
Return a range containing the i - th index of the range between start and end.
Get style value
command let
Get a role by name and describe its properties.
Record the usage of a resource in the cache.
Moves a set of tables from a source object to the manager.
Test if two values are equal.
Return the version number of the command.
testing. requires testing data
Return the part of a finite field.
Returns the latest minor version of the package.
Converts a path to lowercase.
Cancels a card hold.
Check if a string is virtual
Create a lock if it doesn t already exist.
Register. assignment tag
The main entry point for this script.
Assert that the latest version of the given package is already satisfied pypi links.
Set the hostname of the run.
Get the daemons flags
Computes the mean and standard deviation of a number.
Verifies that a certificate is valid.
Retrieve an item from a collection.
prepare apt command
convert search torrent to json
Calculate the percentile of an array.
Return True if a is sorted ascending.
Re - loads the child application.
Returns the validator with the given name.
Returns a tuple of the libvirt user and group name
global vtk version
Returns a positive integer. If the value is less than num an error is raised.
Setup a KNX tunnel
Builds a block reduction graph.
Get a zone by name.
Renders PEP 440 code into a string.
Returns a list of designs in a workflow.
Encode a string as base64 using the b2a base64 function.
Create a new database
Computes the entropy of a time series frame.
Process xml element and apply function to it
Returns a list of powercfg minute values with scheme str str str and str
Remove the given file system path if it exists.
Validate that the value is not blank.
returns the output of a function func.
clips the left and right side of a sequence and returns a new sequence with the new
Connect to the cloud monitoring API.
Finds a health check in the health check config
Generate test files.
Wake the flow for a given request.
Gets version data from a given URL and handles discovery failure.
Gets the current platform token for the specified os module and sys module.
Try to parse a string into a format and an optional option.
Set the value of an item in the database.
Read the khmer graph and build the graph.
Connects the given request to the given graph and returns the response.
Execute a command and return the tunnel and the command that created it.
Round a number up by ndigits.
Return True if distribution starts with str.
Render the unit s critical checks snippet.
Add a string to the beginning and end of a playlist.
normalize a column of numbers to a median.
Installs the addon requirements for the given task. txt file.
Load an application from a file.
Add cloudpipe configuration.
Returns a timestamp object for the specified date and time.
Return tracks with the given ID.
This function returns the list of groups that the user is a member of.
Check if the driver is compatible with the specified agent types
Make sure o is a string and not a unicode string.
Get the cache from the requests session.
Determine if solrd is available on the system.
reexecutes the executable with the updated modules
Use oslo logger.
This is a test function that uninstalls a package from a given URL.
filter bad releases
Get the image for a VM
Return series shows by its name normalized to the given name.
Find the stored ticket for a given bridge.
Return True if the expression is a square root.
Convert a parsed URL into a dict.
Generate an rst file in the target directory.
Return a list of backup files for the given backup.
Returns True if the p - p is negative between f and u.
Computes the basis of a ring of monomials.
Clear the caches of all caches
Parse a newline character.
Gets the preview image for the given image preview object.
Apply a css style to an element.
Emit a custom track event to the tracker.
Gets the description of a module file attribute. Returns a str if the file is a
Returns the value at the given location if it exists in the context.
Gaussian Blend to an image with a specified radius. If radius is none return the image
Automodule the value of an object with the given name.
bulk represent s3 fullname
Format the output of pip and find links as priority.
Count the difference between two strings.
Wrapper around ssl. crypto. load certificate.
List all snapshots
Like inspect. getargspec but raises a type error if func is not a method.
Get a list of roles for a user.
Call the setup function of the application.
Make sandbox on prod response
Return the square root of x.
Returns a list of attempts for a given user.
Get the absolute number from the given season and episode
Find an iso solution for a Xenapi host
Export the list of languages in JSON format.
Get a list of licenses and update them if necessary.
Handles the response format for the treeio login required.
Derivative of a polynomial.
Returns the exif orientation of the image
Cancel primitive c. n is the number of non elementary integrals. de is
Swap memory.
Update ssl configuration
Return the short name of a URI.
Shortcut for running a command on a single node.
Clear uuid values.
Validate a list of handlers.
Find the kernel file for the given path.
Create a socket on the specified port.
Load the data from the statsmodels. tools. categorical.
Create a file from a given path.
Create a dssp dictionary from a pdb file.
Computes the chuang f3 of the individual
Get the user secrets manager.
Split string into key and value.
Check if a string is in a virtual environment.
Creates a directory if it doesn t exist.
Return the lower and upper bounds of a list of sizes.
Translates a 3x3 matrix.
Renames a key
Starts a viewer for the specified file. If the file does not exist it will be
Generate test suite for docstrings.
Convert an RGB color to 256 color strings.
Decodes a hex string into its hex representation.
Set the registry and metadata for this class to be instrumented.
Starts a window analyze file from constructor or creates a new window analyze file from constructor.
Get disk size
Collect all the available configuration bridges and bridges from the given configuration.
Uploads an exec summary to the store.
Check if the header map is the same as the header map.
Evaluate the op to evaluate the given feed dict.
Returns the derivative of the function f with the given symbol.
When a release is in the latest release convert to the latest release.
Context manager for mock aiohttp client.
Create a cloudpipe instance.
Make all the needed directories in the given path.
Get a storage conn object.
Return the index page.
Update the last activity of an author in the course.
Request a layer from a configuration.
Add a command to the mpd not implemented.
Writes the given data to the specified file.
Generate a asset metadata instance for a random asset.
parse a dictionary of bin an dic into a dictionary of bin an dic
Counts the number of users following a user in the data dict.
Handles the response format for a treeio login required by the module admin required by the
Populates collectors in the given coldir.
Walks a module path while preserving submodules.
Returns a label for a field.
Test neighbourhood cleaning rule.
lazy loader for auth modules
Return a list of elements that do not equal an item in a list.
Checks if a namespace is visible in the context.
Get raised height grid.
Return expr where the left - hand - side op is applied to the left - hand side
Return the content of a directory in the file store.
Set the timezone for the minion
Get the bugreport for the current application.
Jump to the previous window.
Return the monomial pow of a.
Get the django revision
login via ssh and disable paging
Returns a track function for a particular student and task instance.
Reverse a URL.
Create a new filesystem at the specified root.
List mock games in a directory.
Get a list of valid domains.
Ensure that all axes are unique.
Require a context to be used for this instance and network.
Yields the number of resources that match the given logical line and the resource class.
Returns an absolute path relative to the global settings. gluon and global settings. applications
Returns a list of objects that are auto - complete in the given queryset.
Check if the files in the directory are in the same directory.
Find the disk of the specified domain.
Encodes an image to a string.
Concatenates a URL and a list of arguments.
Get the current login token status.
Assign a random category to a topic resource.
Install a system - wide distribution into the minion
Writes a fake ring data to a pickle file.
if str is a papachan print it. otherwise print it.
Test for rz.
Initialize the fflayer with the given options.
generate project list
Return the string representation of the tag of the element.
create a task filter based on the pc and task
Create QAction instance
Return the index of two elements.
Parses a signed request and returns the response data.
Recursively merge new mapping values into new mapping values.
Given an object obj and a set of results apply a function func to the object obj and
Returns an absolute path for the given path.
Returns a list of edges from a graph to a list of nodes.
Check the quota of an image
Update a document in the search index.
Repeats the previous history or previous completion of an event.
Lookup the locations of a user in treeio.
Get the ico surface of the given grade.
Set the log locator parameters
Break simplesub.
Returns urlsafe b64encode of the given hash.
worker that Push raw buffer to the client.
Return a generator of tokens that are not stopped in the given tokenstream.
Create a new resource.
get a set of all words in a page
Check if a user has controller permissions
Add a query string to a list of query params.
Adds num bytes to a random string in the conf. commands. register
Make a path from a string.
Clean up classification network.
Return a list of paths from items that match the item type.
Summarize a string.
Returns the absolute path to the migration found in the specified repo.
Test video embedding.
Dump processes to a file or file - like object.
Draw a round rectangle
Returns the hold number or none if the hold is not found.
Given a zip file and an instance of a class returns the central directory of the file.
Update an image
Get the field information for a given model.
Parse a mime type and a range of parsed ranges and return the best fitness and the best
Returns a dictionary of overrides for a particular global config field.
Verify the checksum of a buffer
Generate a discrete sequence of random values.
Convenience function to create a port number or number of lines from a given port number
Returns a human - readable string representation of the given number of seconds.
3 pointer to point t
skip regex in lines enum
Decorator function to create a new wrapper function for a given model.
Return a unique id for a user.
Prints the list of versions of the keypair.
Modify tags on a node
check if an LDAP is virtual return string else return bool
Create a new node
Handle Sphinx extension.
Call this function to get the info for a particular bot and trigger.
REST controller for S3
Convert a multi - key list to a dict.
Creates a new context variable for the given role and args.
Minimize a function using a Jacobian.
Returns the requirements of a Cx oracle transaction.
Get the targets for a given client or a set of clients.
Returns the value at index i or the default if it is not defined
Permute a list of lists
Test shared constructor for float32 data.
Loads the mean and std values from the pickle file with the given name if is regression
Get the simplified path of a loop.
Kills an old process.
L1 norm of tensor.
URL encode a list of items except unicode error.
Write an external book to the specified root element.
Return the result of the divmod function.
Apply a mask to an array of events.
Print the number ofands.
Return whether or not the current element is a virtual element.
Writes the given data to the given file.
require login required
Adds one or more collar shafts.
Convert slug to lower case while str str str str str str str str str str str str
Execute plan instructions.
Process a node form and redirect to a template.
Validates that a string is a list of strings.
Returns the URL for the local resource of the specified block.
Registers the current language node.
feature = list of int64 values
null error tracker.
Add a new client log url.
Get the carving from the xml parser.
Return human readable labels from a list of synset to human readable labels.
Split the surds of expr into a list of surds.
Finds the max occupancy node in a directory list.
Computes the Hessian.
String filter function to remove tags from a string.
Check if a device is a valid partition.
Make a move and symlink src file to dest file.
Return a tuple of start row end row for a given time range.
Get the tags associated with an instance uuid
Returns the configuration of the backend module.
Find a meta property by name
Returns a list of snippet of the given file name and function name.
Create a new course
Lift modify blocks of a numba loop.
Get the version of a file or directory.
Return the hash of the opensubtitles in a file.
Perform a DNS resolver query and return the TTL and the result.
Setup the platform.
Run spm with salt. cli. spm
Return the current message if the row is an address in the s3db table otherwise return
Check if any of the kwargs has exclusive options.
Add a node to the cluster
Return information about a certificate
Create a signing keyset.
Check if the given path is a virtual file.
Record the result of an exchange.
Compute the root mean absolute error
Return the next line in the fixture file.
Add serializer errors to field errors.
Build the target map for the given connector and target i. e. the device mapping from
Changes the name of a table.
Return a finder function for a given package or module.
Compute the value of a legen lut.'
Download a file from origin to destination.
Adds a user to the datastore.
Create a list of slices of the given length.
Remove a prefix from a if it starts with the given prefix.
Create a named temporary file.
Loads a database from a file or handle. Returns the number of entries in the database
Return the latestpeps in the register. assignment tag.
Return the cross product of a list of lists.
Unpack the content of an input file into a caveat.
Executes the given arguments using the win32 executable and returns its pid.
Computes the sym correlation coefficient between two matrices.
Detach a volume
Read one coil point from file.
Generates a secret using base64. random. get
Get a new repository and return it.
Create a string buffer.
get and verify data sizes
Return the index page for a module.
Print a warning message for an exception.
build match conditions for the specified type
Return information about a spatial reference
Sanitize the redirect to the specified host.
Pre - computes the Fourier Transform and Fourier transform windows.
average precision
Clears the cache of the cache.
Create a new type in the database
Return the list of roots linearly.
Create a diff between two objects.
Get the current speed limit for the given output and keyword.
Set the given string as the given date in the info object.
Try to hash an object except type error.
Returns a list of extensions
Show the available options.
Convert an iterator to a variable.
Returns the remainder of the given list of arguments.
build a wedge text source from a polar to cartesian and add a text label from
Parse the trust root for a given path.
Print the help for the given command name.
Create a new package in a project.
Run a job and redirect the user to the confirmation page.
Get the style value of a node.
Query a given thing by id and name.
Get class alias.
Return the squared difference between x1 and x2.
Parse string into sqlite table schema.
Returns a string representation of the given ACL.
Gets a list of urls from a file.
Commits the database.
Iterate over a windows service.
am following the dataset in the data dict
Get the task status
Delete a project
Get a temporary directory for the test.
Returns all disabled components.
Assert that the popup injection is correct.
Set the user id of the process.
Destroy an instance
Return the built in directive for api version data.
Get a list of path names for a command.
Returns the absolute path to the config file.
Returns an HTTP 500 error response.
Yields a sequence of num elements.
collapse the parts of a text message that are part of a specific content type using the specified
Remove the test database if it exists and the cached database if it exists.
Flatten a dictionary.
Convert a list of objects to mark safe strings.
Get package data.
Register a library with the blade library manager.
Convert a string to a format string.
Get the loops in the right order of the compare area function.
Extracts the escape code from the text if the text contains a escape sequence.
Filter the library s entries by their email address.
Return a uuid for the given namespace and name.
Change the current state of the requests list.
Replaces the specified options with the specified value.
Default tax handler.
Measure the number of tables in a list of tables.
Returns the content of a git head or the default if the head is not a symlink.
Convert a stts2penntreebank tag into a tuple of token and tag
Strip whitespace from the beginning and the end of text.
Update parent status
match instances of cls with open tokens and remove them from tlist if they are instances of
Get the minimum value of two complex objects.
massage the keys in a dictionary
Sample from f with var args.
Display a songlist with the specified action.
Stop a service.
Validate an update string.
Copy or rename a transcript.
Check if a name matches a regular expression. If not raise a cloud exception.
Sets the global http wrapper function. Returns the http wrapper function.
Return data to a redis server
Check the arguments.
This is a class decorator for commands that need to be run. It can be used to
Gets a new repository and returns it.
Return the version tag for the current version.
Write the chain text with noun message.
Check if a node is present
Returns the string representation of a signal.
Strip initial a certain number from a string.
Get a session for a server.
Return a manager class from an rdbms engine.
Show the details of an instance
Gets a random cron date time
A with - context - manager to profile the profiling context.
Make a temporary file with the specified name.
Check the last synced task of all identitys in the queue.
Remove free symbols from a polynomial where the symbol is not a free symbol.
Find a host by uuid
Compare two optimizers.
Service all the messages in the message stack.
Given a model and a list of attributes create a new class for the model that has the
Unpack an argument from an operation.
Split digest auth string into a list of values
Test for the sobel h vertical position.
Update an instance in the DB.
Validates a given configuration. Returns a tuple of bools if the config is valid.
Returns True if the requesting user can access the course with the given key.
Returns True if boto is virtual otherwise False.
Runs a test runner that checks the output of the test.
View for the treeio login required by the logged in user.
Evaluate the given file contents and return the result.
Clean the multiline string.
Validate that the skipna value is an instance of ndarray.
pack a value into a string with the length of t
test bootstrap length
require context to be created
Parse the output of a mount command
Return BTRFS filesystem information.
deep bases win over dependents
Return the build platform version and arch for the current platform.
Process the xml element for the shape difference.
Return a dict of newele s properties that differ from previousele s fields.
Check the size of a file.
Get details for the specified etag.
Put a new signing keyset.
Returns a list of the objects that have been transfered from the old location to the remaining
Create a column property that defaults to deferred.
Write unpaired data.
Generate the TOC of the page.
Returns a string representation of the file name. Returns None if the file does not exist.
Compile a regular expression pattern.
Returns the b58 - encoded b58 - encoded b58 - encoded b64 - encoded
Converts a dictionary into a dict where the keys are integers and the values are strings.
create user on windows
Ensure that the file is only managed by the grail system.
Returns True if the specified provider is configured.
Get all ancestors of a pe id
This is a test for cookies. cookie jar.
Decrypt data with AES in specified mode.
Load the results dir in a tar archive.
Returns the outgoing url of the URL.
Query to get all comments.
Split a list into n sub - lists of size n.
Move an entry to another block.
Process the bitmap and return its data.
Split a name into two parts. The first part is the name and the second is the
cong header control Section 9. 2. 7
Returns the interface of a host if the host is a string or if the host is a
Calculate the gc content of a sequence.
Creates a security group rule.
Replace provider URIs with their rewrites.
Perform a force - join of a list of paths and return the final absolute path of the
get q i. e. k - th term in codon - lst codon -
Return the best fitness and the quality of a mime type and a range of parsed ranges.
demographic function for s3 rest controller
Add two dicts by key.
Check subdomain names.
Returns True if all string is in search opts.
Return a list of tuples where any element of tup is components of num.
A context manager that restores the current context s mode and restores it after the context
Create a three dimension scatter plot
test raises value error non 2dim
Returns a matplotlib. patches. rectangle.
Sends a message to a backend.
Sends an alarm message to the bot.
Test function that tests if a numpy array is broadcast
Get a photometers by name.
Associate an IP address to a pool.
Adds the given menu to the given window.
Compute the lrc of data for a given check.
Makes an API response with a paginated list of strings.
Starts the coordination project if the project has not been started yet or if the project
Parse the output of the netbsd gpu command and return a list of the number of
Change the use of no select in a transaction.
lettuce. fs and lettuce. fs. file system system system import exception
Returns the absolute path to the data dir for the specified component.
Remove a list of stagekeys from an api key
Transform an derivatives of de by applying a function g to x in a certain order.
Open a local file or URL.
Compare a value with a specific version.
Returns True if matplotlib. is interactive False otherwise.
Attach custom attributes to a given issue queryset.
Get the script name from the WSGI environment.
Search a text string using sprot.
Create a new site.
Get the maximal percent encode of a string.
Returns a list of brands for the given user.
receiver function for pre save signal.
Add stats to data in a json format.
Get client options.
Return the overhang span of element node.
label the x - axis of an epoch
The main entry point.
Get the default timezone.
Return the relative URI of two strings.
remove string elem from config where key is a string
This function is used to display a link to the user.
Get a VM ref from a name
Load the gradient boosting model.
Send the registration completion email.
Performs a search and returns a list of results and a none or a list of results
Returns a list of all handlers that are not part of settings. rapidsms.
Update the parse options for the xfs option
Get the unique value of a field for a given field.
Expandvars at the end of a string.
Ensure the context attribute exists with the given name. If the context attribute does not exist with
Pre - prediction function.
Returns the synopsis of a given file.
Determine if a short number is possible for a given region.
Context manager that disabled excepthook.
Detect the os family.
Compute the norm of the brightness between two images.
redirect n times to str
Create a branch from a list of results.
Obtain the type of the device.
Returns a list of the positional or keyword arguments of a function.
test operator export
Returns True iff f is a softmax.
Update the display by applying a viewer to a batch of data.
Process an element node by the derivation.
Convert string to bytes
Determine if a module should be skipped.
Send an email message
Test if the values in the string are equal to the number in the object.
Compute the audio left and right.
install the gtk interface
Encode text to bytes.
register. to end tag
Convert a slice from a to a slice of b.
source tmux files
Create an artifact with the given message handle and endpoint index.
Log in the specified user with the specified username and password.
Ensure that the named parameter is absent
route for W3af core.
Returns a list of lists of contents of a path inside loop inside the boundary of the loop
Fetch an inventory from a URI.
Returns a boolean list of the most common group action.
Returns the io counters of a network interface or the io counters of a network interface.
Converts a string to a unicode string.
Convert a bytes or string to a filesystem path.
Returns the version number
Get the version of the setup. py or setup. py
Create a subprocess.
Load a certificate from a file.
Returns True if the two files are out of date.
Return a list of users
Evaluate a Hilbert space with the given assignment.
Show the details of a snapshot
Returns True if the freeze is enabled otherwise False.
Create a symmetric polynomial.
Create a numpy array of a given pointer to a given shape and type.
Takes a value and a number and a number and a number and a number and a
make tags in proper format
Registers the current language node.
Get the epochs from the raw file.
Returns the contents of the given URL as a base64 - encoded string.
get elem at rank
Extract SNMP data from an SNMP response.
Validate that value is of string type.
Read a gpi iterator from a file handle.
Generate a new proto go source file.
Make sure that the command result. output with on assert failed print details.
Update a group type.
Create an address if it doesn t already exist and return it.
Returns a tuple containing the word and the string of the unfinished word in the line.
Determine the list of kwargs for an options object.
Returns a list of all the language of the movie
The main entry point for Motd.
Check that the current file system is in the specified directory.
Check if the given URL has an explicit scheme.
Assert that the given step fails with an error.
Set up sys. excepthook.
Return a URL - escaped version of a string.
Redirect to the default location for S3.
Creates a new directory with the specified name if it doesn t already exist.
convert volume id to ec2 id
XOR two bytearrays.
Return the absolute or relative path to a file
Converts a client into a list of string commands.
Compare two media types.
Returns a pretty fulltext string for a sentence
Return a list of runners
Remove a role from an instance profile.
crypto command function.
Returns a list of the names of the profiles in the given directory.
Delete a property from a model context.
Add an application to a volume.
Check if the configuration is virtual.
Returns True if the agent is in the specified agent and False if it is not in the
Expand environment variables in a path.
Retrieve the recreate instances in a VM.
Return a list of all bears names.
Return the length of a string in base64.
Encode a value in base58 using mod as a string while preserving the div value.
Delete an instance of a video instance.
Validate the password against the provided validators and return a list of errors.
Return XML representation of a test in XML format.
Return a stubborn dict.
Return the identity of an object.
Return True if the user can assign the article to the user.
Return a function that caches the function call signature.
Given a dataset to delete and a table to insert and a view to delete the dataset.
Show the key associated with the given command.
Set up the platform.
Returns the full package path of the named module or None if the module is not found.
Return the maximum line length.
Fetch the given URL.
Replace a variable expression in a string with its value.
Test if stdlib collections are available in Python 3. 0
try to get the kmacosis of an array except value error
Returns a course by it s id
Starts the ioloop server.
Return True if the salt is virtual False otherwise.
Calls the function that initialize the master working set with dist. activate from dist. activate
Injects a net file into a filesystem.
Create a local configuration file.
Create a synapse count table.
Runs a test cv. service schema against a set of options.
Test specifying features in inner directory.
hyper to meijerg function
Return True if loop is path inside loop.
Check if an estimator method is a string and if not return a value error
Create random bytes.
Query the database.
If the specified version is different from the specified version install it from the specified source.
Return the part of a float that corresponds to x.
Get the size of a URL.
Set the local VBM host backend configuration.
Clone a repo.
Check if the line is in the virtual or not in the line range.
This is a test function that will install the tscript if it doesn t already exist.
Returns a list of all folders in the account.
Create a multiprocessing pool.
Return a list of the commands for the specified user. If the user is not specified then
p initializer list 1 - > p initializer list 0 - > p initializer list 1 - >
Load an example module.
Checks if the element is an x element
Convert a list - like object to a timedelta - like object.
Convert a value to a bitarray.
Return the alignment summary.
Pad labels to a 3d shape.
Return the negative coefficients of f.
Parse a path expression.
callback for port range option
get ssl adapter class
If the instrument is not yet initialized create a new instrument.
Adds a value and arg to the given value and returns the new value + arg.
Evaluate the expression of a reader macro in the given character in the given tree.
Raises value error if reference str is not equal test str.
Returns the city code of the request.
Print the text of all crypto maps in the Cisco configuration file.
Convert url to mid number.
Return the name of a particular coach.
Sort the keys of a sq operator.
Update a package in the database.
Make sure the host is a correct one
Force a string to be encoded as bytes. If s is a sequence of strings it is
Remove role from username
Returns a response with the specified page name but the requested page does not exist.
Builds an image from a 2D array of data.
Format except clause.
Log in a client and wait for it to finish.
Split a title into year and number.
rs sinh
Format number with the current locale.
Register a inclusion tag.
Subtract a polynomial from a polynomial.
Return HTML with classified text and classified title.
Make sure the connectivity is correct.
profile bc01 function
absorb the element at the given index in the world by css selector.
Registers the given request as a notification notification notification.
Return cont cont cont cont cont cont cont cont v k from f cont cont cont cont cont
Get collection creation options.
Starts the glances web server.
Convert the request body to a string
Put num into the expression t. num is the number of the expression
Get the max value for a table name.
Add a new command to the protocol.
Get all IAM role details.
Get the preferred environment encoding.
Set the content - type of the response to the specified content type.
Load a module data from a full file.
test if ast bad
Return one level values of data.
Return the state of the named bridge
Make sure that the locale is not in django
Get the usage specific for the given string.
Return a list of all sharing strategy.
Return the list of available languages for the given template tag.
Runs a hook that will return err.
Saves the specified arguments to the specified state.
Unpack a file into a zipfile.
Executes the given function with each object in the list of objects in parallel.
Stop a running command.
Creates a new user in the database.
Normalizes an attribute list in an formset.
Returns the delta in human readable format.
Make the current user a string.
Computes the signature of the message.
osquery cmd for file data
Resizes a bitmap to a specified target height. Returns a wx. bitmap from bitmap if
Get the code for the specified files.
Return the connection object to the configured cloud provider.
Make a Gax logging API client.
Attach a list of task statuses to a task.
Get a list of points in a harrisim instance that are within a corner threshold
Decrypt data with AES - CBC.
initdb test function
Upgrade a bill to a valide days
Get the window position of the given folder alias.
Update an image member
Remove zone slave.
make sure that the first element in the list is a tuple
This function is a test function that converts a list of dictionaries to a list of dictionaries.
Check if a VM is monitoring
Run a command in a specific directory.
Yield all files in a directory that are platform files.
Return a tree from a distance matrix clustering.
Make base dir if it doesn t already exist
Return a new local random object.
Return the inverse operator for ch names in inv.
Handles response format for treeio login required
Returns the type of a string
Return a random string from a list of strings.
Converts a code object to a file - like object.
Returns True if the number can be interned.
Return a new dup primitive that is the lcm of the dup primitive.
Delete a namespace in the database.
Load and parse str as bool.
Start a named function.
Get a list of points from a path.
Test that caplog is not found.
Remove the first occurrence of a character from a list of strings.
Choose a number ofcv from 0... num where k < = k + num
Reads the contents of a file.
Main function of the script.
Get the location of the database folder.
Load the default task loading.
Convert a value to a template.
Returns the maximum absolute value of a vector between 0 and 1.
Check to see if the named service is enabled. If the service is not enabled it is
Converts the format of a locale to the corresponding POSIX representation.
This is a test for the gascost opcode.
Select a node from a set of nodes or raise an empty cluster error.
Return the datetime format for the specified format.
Extract valid arguments from a function s arguments.
Show the cached node of a tag.
Serialize an event for a specific user.
Store the rendered templates in the store.
Make a test environ builder.
Convert a hex - encoded input string to a hex - encoded output string.
Invert monoms of p1
Print the string representation of the variance of the test.
Add two or more numbers to the end of a talib.
Yields all files in a directory.
Parse the response of an asynchronous operation.
Return a new ssl. sslwrap. ssl. SSL object that wraps the given socket.
Adds a handler for the given URL.
Gets all roles in the whitelist.
Get indices of n factors of the contrasts of an effect.
Get platform info dict.
Returns a list of paths to the given resource.
Get example filenames.
Flatten a list into a single list.
Counts the number of cells in a inline admin form.
Get the parent theme name for the given theme name.
Validate image values.
Gets an executor instance for the given java program.
Finds the path between chall and preferences
Compute theomni norm of a set of resids at a given axis.
Determine if sys. stdout supports color.
Build a device for the specified platform.
Get repository metadata by changeset revision
Create a new thread for the given connection.
Parse a string and return the result as a dict.
Return a test suite.
Log the request headers
Compute the L21 norm of a matrix.
Make sure that the environment is up - to - date
Move a file or directory.
Return a command that checks whether the passed option needs to be rendered or not.
Creates a pool and returns the pool object.
Split a string into a list of strings.
exit with parsing error
Make a labeled form entry.
Coerce string to unicode.
Moves all files that were imported from a given path to the specified version.
Apply functions to the tokens in tokens.
Create a graph with the given action context.
require a user to unfollow a thread
Multiply a number by two.
Create a deep copy of the component and copy the offset and scale of it.
Returns a list of securitygroupid objects
Returns a configuration option list.
Create a truncated tetrahedron graph.
Return a list of nodes matching the specified options
Count the counts of values x in v where v is the number of values in v.
Link to a GitHub link.
Run migrations online.
Unmounts the given target.
Computes a line plot of n lines with alpha.
Test function for a testing layer of a keras model.
Convert a geometry element to an xml element.
Publish an activity in a document identified by the document s document type.
Set up the platform.
Gets an email date as a string.
Convert the password to a string.
Set the console mode.
Make the poisoning report mac.
Returns true if the string is not in code or if the number of characters in code is
not allowed
test find module 2
Decorator to close all instances of the given function.
Prompt the user for a number of times.
Return a random number between start and stop.
Converts cell str to rowcol abs
Strip the handshake from the input file.
Get the current status of an engine
Add command to playlists.
Create test index if it does not exist
Seed non shared migrate.
Parses the given expression and raises an expression exception if an exception is raised.
Return the time until now in d. If now == none return the time until now.
Gets a session object for the specified engine.
Returns True if the root is in the list of exclude patterns.
Get the public certificates from the RPC.
Returns True if the corpus is downloaded False otherwise.
Get the media path of a plugin.
Convert a CW record to a dictionary.
Set a namespace for the serving request
Construct the snap name for a volume.
Run a command with coverage info.
Extract info from urllib3.
Sets the obey over18 flag
Return a figure manager for a given figure.
Convert a list of values into a list of values.
Create a directory if it doesn t exist.
Given a valid config update the access control policy and read control policy for a bucket.
Convert an integer to a number of hours.
Returns the total number of footprints of all objects in a SObject.
Send a message to a topic.
Replace arg with tvars in args.
Trigger a build for a project.
Get the nonce key for a given URL.
Builds the install arguments for the build command.
Check if the user can cache the project.
Converts a time to a timestamp base value.
Return a random string of colour
This is a test function that sets attributes on sys to None.
Return the top rated summaries from the exp models. exp summary model. get top
Create a socket connection to a remote pair
Build a logger for logging.
Get a replication group host
Apply a function to a decorated function.
Builds a server URL.
Calculates the rastrly scaled of a list of individuals.
Generates a URL for a given argument and stable.
Determine the code for the given frequency string.
Redirect to the URL of a given media type.
Returns the SQL representation of an object.
Multiplies the variable in the rhs by self.
Return the pickleable version of an exception that can be raised.
Return a lambda function for when the clipboard supports the given string.
Computes the dot product between two vectors.
Yields all strings that are part of the localization error.
Get the poster of a video.
Get the twill glocals of the global dict and local dict stack
Assert that two URLs are the same.
Check if a package is installed with the given version.
Get a storage backend for the given filename.
Decode string to unicode.
Get the sources of a zone
Require the document to be rendered to have the same revision as the given document.
Computes the disjoint probability between two matrices.
Create a new generate for a given kind.
List the steps that have been applied to the object.
Perform an atomic requests transaction. Returns a json response with the correct status code.
Setup the platform.
Init the global out socket.
Convert a list of polynomials into an array of polynomials.
Returns the default resource limits for a given logging context and error handler.
Create a snd table from a sound file.
Check if the value is an array with the same dtype as the dtype of the array.
Add devices to the platform.
Call talib. sma function
expr where p is a sequence of strings and p is a sequence of numbers.
Execute a command and return the return value of the command.
Copies a file - like object to a tarfile. copyfileobj.
Runs the test html file.
Make sure the host is in ssl. create unverified context.
Registers a product route
Check if the mayruntime version is up - to - date.
Runs click. command for each app in the installed repo.
main projections lines and circle
Get the default timezone.
Return a string representation of the time in ms since epoch.
Check if two tags are equal.
Get a line from a point intersectioning grid point
Set the value of a system property.
Returns the reference value of the given field in the given table.
Get logging handler.
Get all sql statements for a given app.
Load a sprite image into a numpy array.
shelter type for s3 rest controller
Determine the padding type based on the input and output shape.
Return a list of paths to pass to os. environ.
get init for unit test
Return the complemented string of a string.
Get expiration seconds.
Assert that the environment variable is in the AWS environment.
Disconnect a user from the profile.
Runs the command line interface for the click command.
Unpack a file into a directory.
Generate a random verification key.
Set os and hash db.
Returns True if the message is not deleted.
constructor for largest argument.
Convert a value to a string using the encoder.
Calculates the metric values for a given set of parameters and returns a dictionary of descriptors
Get rotation number.
wait until package is ready
Sample a 2d array
Compare two bonds.
Runs the test code.
Revokes a user s settings for a given admin role.
Convert a request string to a request object.
Add a prefix to a line in a string.
Create network
Return the part of the string where the expo is the part of the string where the
Returns the version number of a package.
Evaluate a boolean condition.
Return whether or not the next line is available.
Get a mock hdfs root.
dayofweek == 0 means last weekday == 0 means last weekday == 1 means last weekday
Resolve version from JSON response.
Open a log file
Return the timestamp of the current month.
Register a new hook handler.
A test function that attempts to detect the screen size of a page.
Writes a single HTML file.
Finds the max daily commits in the contributions calendar.
Resolve a function from a spec
Test if num is a list of str s
Set the absolute path of this node.
Decorator for functions that fetch a number of grains or if the number of grains
Add an OAuth2 access token to your app.
Get the locale of the current translation
Get a parameter from a dict of parameters.
Intersection of a shape to a geometry interface.
Return the time of the timer in seconds.
Computes the log mean of an array.
Set le script version.
Return the minimum distance between a point on a surface.
Returns a string with the penalties in the given distance dictionary.
canonicalize a given string and replace its value with another one.
Builds a list of ad group operations from a list of ad group operations
Returns True if the profile should send own updates. Returns False if the profile should not send
Create a patch viewer for the given dataset.
Check the challenge of a sample with a signature.
Runs the application.
Returns the review request field for the given field id.
Parse a string into a datetime. date object.
Returns a list of play objects in JSON format.
List the policies of a role.
Sends an inventory to the resource.
Run the case and return the result.
Convert a title to a URL with a maximum length of max length.
Add email to activity log
Make the kickstart of the Parses.
Recursively expands a path.
Parse phenny s document.
Joins the sender and the input if the sender is a member of the phenny
Build a 1D filter from a set of files.
Returns True if verbose is True if index is less than or equal to index and verbose is
Count the words in a collection of documents.
Register. inclusion tag for a feincms page.
Return the user id of the process.
Returns a list of affected packages.
Test the password strength of a password
Runs the network and writes the output to a CSV file.
Create a list of serializer IDs that can be used in a transport.
Returns a client. client. Client object for the given token.
Get the translation project directory for a given file style.
Convert a fasta line into a FASTA file.
Helper function for random choice.
Joins the given long count and returns a list of strings.
Computes the square of y pred between y true and y true.
Redirect the given URL to the given URL.
Context manager for a mock event notification.
Print the result of the query.
Connect to the cloud watch API
Find a storage volume
Encode a crawl response block.
Get the synonyms of a fontext.
Calculate the instance of the lwta task.
Return the userland tool that has the userland tool as a string.
Load the user config from the specified file.
Return True if the value is a scalar zero or nan.
Get the user s data dir
Check if the virtual library is available.
This function raises a test exception.
Converts a filename to a string. If the string is a string and the platform is
Make the specified directory if it doesn t exist.
echo class members
Get a connection to the database.
fast exponentiation.
Writes the given data to stdout.
Get the zonecode of the current user.
Show the details of a network
Wrap a single clause in the SQL string.
Fits a FITS file with the specified coordinates and parameters.
Returns the mac address.
A generator function for listing versions in a bucket.
Update the ids of t images and t image properties to the new ids
Determine if a command is a command.
Given a function name describe its properties.
Attempt to convert the given code into a tree.
Return the relative path to the config or make file.
Calculates the mean value of all values in a list.
Returns a list of the configured members
Returns the table description
Create a sort query from a list of strings.
Returns a string representation of the request in HTML format.
Remove a file or directory.
Adds the number of threads to the argument parser.
Check if a node exists.
Return a list of installed solvers.
Returns the section student admin data
Downscale images by k layers.
exit the program if ctrl c is pressed.
Determine the object associated with a resource.
Return a list of all of the directories in sys. path.
Get the pickled version of an exception.
Returns the version of the given file.
Get the number of bezier points between begin and end.
test that no data is returned
Returns the local URL for the given port.
Return a list of nodes
Render rheader tabs using s3 component tabs.
Disable entry if it is visible and settings. savedata is set to ping external urls.
Register a global finder when the given name is imported.
Add pillars to the result of a module.
Remove the vbd dev from the XB device if it is not remapped.
Register a bootstrap class for a field.
Replace placeholders in text with the given value.
Delete one or more load balancers.
Drop all instances of the yield fixture for the given database.
Yields lines where the first line starts with the str in the line and the second
Adds an addon author.
Prints an exception with the specified prefix and count.
Updates a counter with a new count.
Process a message and return the number of messages in the consumer.
Start a new run as the root of the run tree.
Instantiate a deferred errback.
Assign distances to individuals based on fitness values.
Returns a string representation of an ordered dictionary.
Check if URL is from a spider.
Parse arguments and keyword arguments.
curry wrapper function.
Set the current namespace to the given one.
Apply a slice function to a string.
Check if a command should be used as a proxy for a given command.
Performs an aggregation of two objects.
Returns the navigation line for the given link text.
Returns a dictionary of words from form at pos.
Extracts details from a MAF message.
Yield the absolute path and the number of style files in a given directory.
Create a packet of type Ethernet.
Make image comparison between two sets of images
Handles extra payloads
Ensure locale is in settings. sumo languages.
Divides the polynomial f by k.
Delete a directory.
Escape a string for use as a shell - style regular expression.
Return True if the system is virtual otherwise False
Return True if the title contains a valid feat title.
Context manager to track the memory usage of a metric
Load a certificate request
Show information about a VM
Extract the identity response info.
Check that a value error is one in the markov chain.
Prints a summary of the results of a given runner.
Convert a tuple of components into a URL with the scheme netloc path query fragment.
Performs a test authentication against the API.
Count non printable chars in string
Runs a shell command and prints its output to the console.
Handle the given path.
If request is none or request is none push the context onto context stack.
Returns a list of values in the cluster.
Build postprocessor functions for markdown instance.
Returns the response body for the specified command.
Returns the odds of p.
step for deleting named query.
Convert request. post to request. verb
Dispatches the environment to the appropriate HTTP method.
Get the branch option
Convert a string to a color.
Returns the shortcut associated with the given configuration name.
Converts the given template with the given parameters.
Converts request. post to the specified HTTP verb if the request. method matches the specified
Return True if the salt is virtual False otherwise.
Return the signature of the given data using the specified private key.
Parse a set of options into a dict.
Construct a request string from the given data.
Make two axes of the same plot.
test if ast good cut
Get the size of a binary string.
test function to find number 7
List all the datacenters for this VMware environment
Get a new repository for the profile.
Recursively walks the class hierarchy of a given class.
Reset the video mode.
File parameter.
Return the length of a string + tabwidth
Return a list of False if subset is False otherwise.
Get the size of a dimension
set config by name
Disable and reload the site.
Mark a function as lazy.
Return the debug node of the parser and token.
Create a platform component using the HMD platform discovery helper.
Return a dict without str values.
pre init hook for submodules
Check if a string is a float.
Resolve a URL to a given target.
Returns a random password for a postgres user.
Pad to n times.
binom test reject interval.
Resolve a sub - workflow from a deployment directory.
Collect attributes from the specified containers.
Replace environment variable str with str in os. environ.
The main entry point for the cli.
Check if the model is dependencies of the given model queue.
Checks if the value is a valid email address and if it is a valid email address
Copies the metadata of a volume to another volume.
Parses the union page.
Pastes a string into a new file.
Starts the console for the given win and ctx.
Returns a list of users of the given course
Get the proxy connection details
Context manager to lock the lockfile.
Register a specialize function with gof. local optimizer.
Calculate the bootstrap distribution for a given value.
Remove a file from the filesystem.
Builds a date from the property and returns it as a string.
create a custom carrier in the django db
lazy loader for packagedb
Compress input with zlib. compress.
Assert a commit is serializeable.
Get the return value of a function
Returns True if at is a time
Format block device mappings.
Patch all of the parameters of os select ssl and httplib.
Enables a specific Vault configuration.
Interpret the function return value of func.
Return True if the conditions audience restriction is equal to the audience restriction.
Search disk list by lun id
Extract the IPv4 address from the roster.
Returns the mean longitude of a perigee.
Resize an existing volume
Get the name of a link
Galois multiply.
Returns a response of the null script catalog for the specified domain and packages.
Checks the cookie for the response after a request is made.
Make the output directory if it doesn t exist.
Given a scope params ids and a list of ids return a function that returns a list of
If the user password is not empty add it to the errors dict.
Determine whether or not the user s fernet key repository is a valid fer
Download a file from a URL.
Count the number of tokens in the given function arguments.
Compute the intersection of a function f and a certain domain.
Returns the locale html for the testfield.
List interfaces for a server.
View to access the log level of the request.
Returns the email address of the GitHub GitHub profile.
Function to enable updates testing.
Check if the given file exists and has access to the given path.
Check to see if the user is a valid RVM
Split a function by the power of x by the power of f by the power of x
Remove and push a new version of a task.
Format a number as a string.
Stashes all the configuration values into a single configuration.
Permute an array with a given permutation.
Assert that a column starts with a string.
Returns a list of regions for the given region name.
Create a bbox artist
Get the crafted text from the given text.
Remove the module from the database if it exists.
Check if the target is newer than the source.
Checks if the current user is the root user
Remove a host from the minion
Returns True if the value is a valid IPv4
Get the name of the given column.
Check the validity of a header value.
Render the about page.
Returns a triple of color numbers
Memoizes the file map for a given node.
Returns a list of payloads that can run the payload.
Returns a list of items limited by the specified marker.
Return True if fake is True otherwise False.
Encode a line in the local context.
Get the rrd of a vm
Uploads the project to the remote server.
Check if a point is after another point.
Extract a window from a text file.
Get a new voronoi derivation for an element node.
Return a list of labels not joined.
Adds the path of the current platform and version to the sys. path.
Gets all volume
Build a service instance from a jid and password.
require owner commands priority and quit message
get pack by ref
Returns a list of all the files in the given path.
Replace str and entities with their string values.
Returns a dictionary of net. ico. net. counters read from a text file.
Check if the current request has an associated site theme.
Check if dependencies are missing
Returns a paginated queryset.
Calls tubes. process. process with the arguments of the fastboot process.
Convert a result to a country region and a city.
Sends a password reset email for the specified user.
Autocomplete a filename into a list of strings.
Check if a string is a valid font family.
This is a coroutine function that is used to choose one of the choices in the text.
Set the module name in the configuration file if it doesn t exist or if it is not
List all files with a given extension.
Returns a string if the email address is not a valid email address.
Returns the number of checks in a directory.
Return the return data to the database.
Returns True if intlist is a list of ints.
Check if record1 is a pair of strings and record2 is a string.
Returns the check class for the given check name and check path.
Get a class by its alias or raise an unknown class alias.
Returns True if the command is interactive and False if the command is not interactive.
Tear old databases.
Get the size of the terminal.
Return a new pkc sig scheme.
Generates a generalized integer.
Send mail admins with progress bar.
Print to the screen in the terminal using the Pretty function.
Get the current language bidi node.
Get the crop geometry.
Returns the full path to the fmdump file.
Get the proto value
Create a new tile key for a given layer.
Return a random number between the specified range and the log of a uniform distribution.
Read a secret from a file.
Get a message from a message model.
Get the lumination change value.
Pretty print the string representation of an object for cycle.
Make the query string for a list of elements.
Renames a file or directory.
Get a logger by name.
Disconnects all registered receivers of the given signal and sender.
Validates that a string is a float. Raises value error if the string cannot be
Search for the exp desc in the specified directory.
Save an image to a file.
Start the scheduler.
Returns a list of messages from a file.
Return True if headers contains a given header name.
Check the convergence of a resource cleanup.
require a context volume attachment get all by project
convert row and column name to cell name
Loads data into the specified environment.
Parses the next line of the file - like object and returns the encoding of that line
Adds the given level name to the given level.
Returns paths from a list modifications.
Decode a filesystem path.
Attach private projects to the same owner
Return the result of the request.
Prepare the realm pattern.
test resize function
quadrature tween t in out quad b c d
Add a value at a given location in an array.
Check a set of paths asynchronously.
Return True if name is a legal resource base name.
Handle response format for treeio login required task add.
Guess the filter table from two MATs.
Serialize an element or tree into a DOM tree using the given content handler.
Get a machine by name and convert it to attribute dict
Returns a new URL with the urlquote plus the given string.
Returns a list of driver names
Takes a strategy with a maximum value of num and a unique color for each value.
return a boolean indicating if the current function is working.
Create a compound filter from a list of parts.
print the number of times t
Create a new database and switch the database to a specific number of points.
Convert rating property to integer.
Wait for a process to finish.
Returns a hex string representation of an int
Process xml element
Print the state of a dag.
Get the hardware address for a network interface.
Execute a shell command and return the result as a JSON object
Post - build static files after they are built.
Create a condition for a process.
Render a template from a django template file.
Unlock a file
Get a user s contact type
Remove a device from the system.
Restart all content.
Get the value of a ZMQ at a particular location.
Return location as published.
Register a specialize for a given lopt
Returns a URL without the root part of the URL unless it s already at the URL root
Assert that the data in the test file is in the global units.
Assert that all the morph maps are the same.
Read a double number from a file - like object.
Safely raise a runtime error if the user doesn t have a home directory.
require post xframe options sameorigin
Write the chain text with noun message.
Initializes a tracker module.
Test quadratic chart.
mult and reduce a 1 - D Fourier transform.
Create a default user and save it to the database.
Ellipsoid test objective function.
Converts str to str
Plot multiple images together in one figure.
Generate a new repository for this command.
If settings. get dvr needs hierarchical return the corresponding REST controller.
Re - order a list of entries according to their parents.
Yield distribution objects from a package.
Compute an instance hardness threshold using the KNN.
shared x
Makes sure the value is a string that contains value.
View the entries in the database.
Register a simple tag for file attachment review.
Return the real sign of x.
If s is not in rc then return s. If s is in rc then return s
Return the number of depths in a cluster.
Create a SOAP11 application with the given services and tns.
crypt the data with the specified key.
Return a layer of the specified type.
Start the specified number of engines for the specified node.
Registers a new verb
Set the power state to disk.
Returns the credentials for the specified file. If the file does not exist it will be created
Convert binary form to text format.
Deploys the application to the running server.
test global configuration
Convert hex to hex
load css templates
Get the initializable comment fields
Migrate a resource table to a new resource table.
Get the revision number.
Return a list of all the directories in the specified environment
Flush the logs buffer.
Get the deployment id of an app controller.
Update the unit in the database.
Split array into specified number of sections.
Reverse lex 128 - bit string
Deletes the file specified by pathname if it exists.
Parses HTML from given path and returns it as plain text.
Load pandas data
Return the user s home directory.
Run a WSGI application and print the results to stdout.
Pass through to provider display action.
Group significance row generator
Create a backup of the existing C ++ filters.
Converts a dash - separated string to a dash - separated string.
Run git bin.
Parse a struct from a string
Decorator for views that handles treeio login required by a user.
Return the matrix tetragrid of the element associated with the given xml element
Monkey patch functions in a module.
Sets up the transports for the given URL.
Checks a given check in the given configuration file.
Clears out all installed samples
Raise an exception from a comma separated list of numbers.
Return the crafted text from the archive.
get vmodl type by name
Check if a lock exists.
Fetch a stream from a URL.
Render an error page.
Returns a list of all xblocks that the user has access to.
Run a single test suite.
Compute the value of an obl cv sequence.
Create an option group.
Return the permissions of the current page.
Return the min sum of the cachedir
Expand a sequence of axis names to a single dimension.
Delete a calendar from the database.
get product info in the whitelist
Format a warning message for the given category and filename.
A contextmanager to lock a file.
Tries to import pickle module.
Create a doc from the given vocab.
Helper function for those common to both strings and numbers.
Computes the tridisolve of two matrices d and e.
Returns a list of the serial ports for the current platform.
Post - build hook.
Creates a socket client
Tries to destroy the reservation with the given uuid.
Insert a new stylesheet for the given profile.
Read the reject parameters from a file.
Remove the first occurrence of a number from a string.
Match a term to a stack of tokens.
Get the last time of a file
Read at most size bytes from a file - like object.
p = numlist p = numlist
Return the gradient of f with respect to v.
demographic data for s3 rest controller
Upload a distribution to the local path.
Default error handler.
Returns True if the named service is enabled.
Read a string from the file - like object f.
Removes a list of volumes from the process.
Validate a value according to an opf json schema.
require post load hook if it is not in requirements
Add a task to a queue.
Load a trust root from a file.
Get a layer by its name.
Decode a sequence of 0 - length bytes into a sequence of 0 - length bytes.
Return solution to s3 rest controller
Yields objects from a stream or string.
Processes the given element node
Determine the device class
Decorator to define a function to be used as a function.
Run a task script.
Context manager to patch the search fields of a model.
Simplify the node.
Load a configuration from a JSON file.
Returns a netgear device scanner
Create a file if needed.
Return the index of the dictionary.
Run the protruding glyphs program.
Write an adminfile to the minion
Format exception line.
Initializes the specified policy.
Compute a stochastic model anal.
Release an attribute from the distribution.
Return a list of recently published exp summary dicts sorted by exp summary time.
Get a new flow repository.
Create a new index from an index metadata pb.
Return the number of cook slots for the given period.
Load a single model by name.
Check the value of a cron environment variable. If the environment variable is not equal to the
Play media list player.
Set the version of the document.
Return True if the name is not in all or if the name is not a member of
Return the tricomplex matrix of words.
Return the column width of text if text is unicode.
Check if a tool xml file is looks like a tool.
Import all neutron modules recursively.
test time chart
Extract extraneous whitespace from a logical line.
Delete a sample from the datastore.
Delete all the pages of the PDF at the given path.
Resizes the given image to the given maximum width.
Get the vertices and codes for a single hatch pattern.
Return a list of blockers the given user is a member of.
Update the symlinks
Test if the raw data contains events.
plugins that are available on the web site
Returns the next url for a given request.
Gets the metadata for the given blob key.
Return a list of page ids for the same user and site as the passed in site.
Return a boolean value indicating whether or not minc is empty.
Split a string into a list of strings where each string is either a string or a string
vote by user.
Convert a value to text.
Make sure that the current user s home dir is the same as the one specified in the
Computes the log - likelihood of the difference between two arrays.
Raise an exception if the specified context is not a user context.
Create a test source file for the repository identified by the given string.
Create a new REST API.
Remove a session from the backend.
Given a list of regions return a list of regions where each region represents one of the regions
Convert a string to a lowercase string.
Recursively copy files from source to dest.
Check if the grains are virtual.
Report a screen name to the screen.
Install a test package from the package manager.
Remove a manifestation from a node
Walks js scopes in the given scope.
Parses the environmentiroment from a YAML configuration file.
Adds a cache control to the response headers.
Registers a peer in the core with neighbor out filter.
Return the lcm of two numbers.
If values is a scalar infer the dtype from scalar.
Check if a point is in a table in a loop.
Get the pillar cache
Return the incoming document for a S3 database.
Update version database.
Add a server to the cluster
Escape a given string.
Lock a document.
Create an epost file.
All apps but lettuce avoid apps.
Convert images to examples.
test if a try except a regression
restrict a vertices forward to another vertices.
Uploads a file and returns the filename case.
return a map of edge normals v - > edge normal e - > edge normals
Gauss spline function
Yield triples of a sparse matrix.
Walk a file tree starting at start and find the method that has the given bug number
Check if a function is decorated with a property.
Check if all rows have at least num non - null rows in a 2d array.
Yield distribution objects for a given URL.
Create an instance of an offer.
Get a cluster from a managed object
Find the guest with the specified name.
Set the location of the option.
Return all instance types in the context.
Clears the sessions in the database.
Move a file or directory.
Return the tricomplex angle in radians.
Convert text into an int.
Disconnect signals for an entry model
Wait for spot request fulfillment.
Return the hash of a file
print str print str print str print str print str print str
Executes the bbcli command to download the static folder of the current app s static folder
Get a NMAP device scanner.
Show browser forms.
Returns an attribute of the given object that is accessed by the given object.
Save an attachment to a file.
Convert the given value to a unicode object.
Check if the user can download the project changes
Indent each line of text by spaces spaces spaces spaces.
Returns a list of all child objects of the given object.
Extracts the capabilities from a string.
Return True if host has a pair of ip and alias
Returns True if ip is a public ip
Read a plist from a file or a string.
Log the page that was hit by the given request and view func.
Main network module.
Add devices to the vera platform.
Returns the document and the fallback reason if the document is not in the current revision.
Emit an error message if the process finished successfully.
Remove a module from the configuration.
path between source and target in graph g.
Upgrade an existing volume type.
Computes the ECDF of a series of values.
Return a list of the topics in the search admin.
Try import object except import error
Adds extra paths to sys. path.
Adds new flags to existing flags.
Creates a new node based on the given arguments and HTTP method.
Create a cache security group.
Split test name.
The core helper function. Returns the full current url for the current request.
Plot the boot traces at the given x values.
Return the time in seconds since the start time.
Perform an HTTP POST request.
square sort.
Waits until all the tasks in the queue have completed.
Hash a file.
Run a test script to show verbose output with classifiers.
Creates a message for an extra list.
Release a media player.
Combine a list of details into a new list of details.
Convert obj to a column
Flush a table from a specific state.
Get the size of the terminal window.
Extract time offset from win32 file time
A helper function to render a datetime in a nice way.
detach accept ms originating
Wrapper around image Qt. fromqimage
Splits a string into a list of strings that match a shell - style shell - style
Return a list of system specific scripts that are not system specific scripts.
Return the number of hidden names.
Render a simple wiki listing page with the given template for the given language and subtopic.
Get proxy info from environment variables
Set the desired time of a file.
Return the path to the xtool executable.
Check if a list of volumes exists.
Generate test document for this test.
Decode a string using the Python 2 escape sequence.
Check if the condition matches the given check object.
Filter the s3. Filter object to include Filter Filter Filter Filter Filter Filter Filter Filter Filter
In - place post order of a node in a list.
Resets the password of a user.
Generate an O Noklassn records oauth signature.
Calls the pre compute function for the given object.
Tokenize strings.
Process a list of tools and return a tuple of tool objects and a map of names to
Return a list of ip addresses of a given host.
Calls the forecast API and returns the json response.
Get metadata from filename by regex
Integrate a 2D array into a 2D array using scipy. integrate from scipy.
Parse on and off flags.
Get the docstring of an artist.
Ping the host if it exists or return a boolean if it doesn t.
Get a link line from a wiki link line
Return the sub term of f in terms of i u.
Consume messages from a topic in a queue.
Raise a value error in the Bernlilili vector constructor.
Context manager for pending warnings.
Return the connection to the client before a request.
test that keyword args are equal
Returns a list of the names of the dataset
Wait until an object is build
Format an ip address to a safe format.
Try to hash x except type error
Parse a string as a sudou assignment into a dictionary of values.
Return the name of the sources to use for the specified spec.
Block until a network address is available or until timeout is reached.
Create an identity with the given values.
Return the transpose of the expression.
Associate an instance profile to a role.
Connect to ec2
Processes the last child of the given element node
Return a list of words that are insign significant in the input chunk.
Generate a signed JWT for the given service account and file.
Get the size and properties of an image
Get a field from the current model by its name.
Get the user s input for a password prompt.
if i < = len of varint cache then return varint i else return varint
Register an email hook.
Assert that model1 is the source of model2.
Load a creds from a file.
require admin context volume type access
idd copy the columns of a.
Computes the Euclidean norm of an array.
Installs the xonsh hook into sys. meta path.
Calculate the dup quo ground of a field.
Copies the contents of src to dst. buffer size is the size in bytes of
Handles response format for treeio login required by the module admin required by treeio.
Substitute string s with context in context.
This function transforms the hits to the expected format using the xml transformation function.
daemonize the process
Format the firewall stdout
Computes the cumulant from moments.
Split an index into two or three parts.
Returns a normalized path from the user s home directory.
Return the monomial div of a and b.
Returns a zip archive of the selected submissions.
Retry the image in a specified number of times.
Extract images from a gzip file.
swap assignment test.
A contextmanager that updates the requirements of the environment based on the values of the environment s
Return the value of the last argument to the function.
Main entry point for the command line tool.
Delete a sink by name.
get parent child from xpath name
Reads a file and returns a record.
Verifies that the candidate is an implementation of the specified interface.
Return the version number of a command.
Get the shadow of a user by its name. Returns None if the user does not have
Log an error to the log.
Get a policy by name.
Check if a string ends in a newline.
Construct the author2doc dictionary for a corpus.
Return the projection and modelview matrix if model is none then return the projection matrix if model
Read end cent64 data.
convolve a dataset x and y by a vector along axis.
Draw an arc between start angle and end angle.
Calls the rar executable with the specified list of parameters.
Set user authentication using basic auth.
Return a range of rows to skip.
Return True if all number groups are exactly present.
Returns the absolute path to the plugins directory.
Return regions choices sorted by name.
Return a subset from a bitstring.
Return a query query string of the given content type.
Create a record with the specified resource type and attributes.
Validate max staleness.
Get the status code and text of a given command.
Create a table of the strings in the workbook
Import a zone into the minion
Create a dummy model with a string tag with a certain value.
Returns a list of all the keys in a dictionary
Generate a font config pattern from a data dictionary.
Index functional areas in the group.
Add a hit to the list of rows that are not in the list of hit rows.
Apply form style to row s row s label widget and comment.
Return a list of line numbers corresponding to the line numbers in source.
Computes the chi2 stats of a sample.
Compute the pmf hist normalization of a normal distribution.
Convert a string option to a dict.
Add one or more fields to a document.
Takes a string and returns a standardized version of the string.
Convert a sparse series to a sparse series.
Return the contents of the log buffer.
Render a single inline field
Read the configuration of a service.
Iterate over the elements of the given getter function.
Runs a unit test for the current platform configuration.
Returns the plugin that should be used for this setup. py.
Turn off the named state
Parse command line arguments.
Convert string to camelcase.
Decorator to define a function as a scope.
Recursively validate a string.
Swap bits in a string
Initialize the manager.
Get the relationships of a package.
Get a fixed ip for a given host
Set a stream logger.
Returns the URL to the backend for the given entry.
Converts a datetime object to the local time zone.
Parses the pattern of a line of text.
Helper function to dispatch a single hook.
Calculate the solarize of an image.
Check that the dipole is valid
Convert an XML ElementTree to a dictionary.
Returns an xl range formula
Yields the number of tasks in the given session.
Test read layout of an io. IO object.
Write the theme to an XML document.
Set a value in the config file.
Change the user id of a user.
Yield the whitespace around an operator in the logical line.
Show name details.
Change source state.
Calculates the mean value of the values in a list.
Update settings.
Send the email for the invoice after the given event name and organiser.
Serialize obj to str using json. dumps.
Returns user info in JSON format
Send mail after import
Setup platform.
Convert a color style to ansi color style.
Format a slice of integer values.
Convert an IPv6 address into an IPv6 address
Return statistics about the year of a particular row in a particular table.
This function depends on the current app.
Return a list of tokens that match a language expression.
Create a SSL context for thriftpy use.
require get twitter. auth wanted
Return the directory of the topfile.
Adds or updates a bucket s CORS configuration to a bucket.
Returns a string with the money in words
Log info and raise runtime error.
Sends the translation dict to the backend.
Delete a given API by its name and optionally its description. Returns True if the API was
Return the UTC milliseconds of the year from an epoch.
Returns a debug representation of an object.
Reads the content of a URL and returns it as a string or None if the URL
Runslint on a file and returns the result as a string.
Return a copy of p where num is the same as p. num is the number of
Get the credential by tenant ID and credential ID
Returns True if b1 and b2 are broadcastable.
Returns True if at least one reboot required.
Replace str in text.
register a function as a atexit function.
canonicalize an op function.
Generate a new id using os. urandom
Converts the given XML document to a XML fingerprint.
A wrapper around requests. get which is a no - op if the URI is already a
Yields all files in a directory.
Get the default locale for an object.
Changes the quota size in the guard.
Unset quota volume
Get repository dependencies by parent metadata id
Get host from settings. allowed hosts.
Return a new figure manager for the given figure.
Get the info for a given collection
Reads the log file and converts it into a dictionary.
Check if a file name is a file of a given type without words.
Evaluate the old assump.
Start a new debugger
Find the atomic group of a host.
Get properties of a managed object
Returns an iterator over the client objects that match the given query.
Extracts a window from a text file using the specified gcode.
Return the response from an s3 REST controller.
Return True if text has a substring of key.
Returns thehist of a specific codet in the database
Joins a string of names with a suffix.
Redirect to the fallback URL if the request is safe.
Attempt to parse a version number into a string or raise an attribute error.
Compute the number of triangles in the creation sequence.
A helper function to set the error status and output for debugging purposes.
Escape a string.
Returns True if model is valid and False otherwise.
Returns a human - readable string representation of a number of seconds.
Return a list of data sources in a shared environment.
Make model. fastfn function from list of values.
Turn an angle into an angle that is less than or equal to num.
Build an s3 header for a given fire r
Create a model dict.
Generate a random API key.
Computes the log - sum of the log - sum of the log - sum of
Redirect to the canonical URL of a file.
Make random basic binary dbm
get shell embed func
Return the end of the string after the current position.
Convert name value to a dict.
Log application error.
Change the value of a config option
Locate app name
Returns a list of all permissions for the given opts.
Returns a JSON - formatted view of the origin URL.
Check the length of the BCS header and mapping data.
Rescale the value of the device in the queue.
Set the named parameter to the given value
Reset the builtins dir to the default dir.
Takes a string and puts it in the mock streams.
Wraps the traceback. info function to return a modified info function.
Return the checksum of a string.
Writes the given object to the source file in the given file. If the file is
Get the course creator status
Registers the product inclusion tag.
Print information of a virtual machine.
Compress the given payload.
Prompt user for raw input.
Prints the dependency grammar in the form of a string.
Delete a volume type extra specs.
Guess the number of streams in a list or tuple.
Perform an HTTP GET request with the given path and return the response as a JSON object.
Delete the index when the instance is deleted.
Return the front over width add x y list.
Decrypts the provided ciphertext using the provided key.
Determine whether a monomial is gated by p ben or p ben.
Copies a file or directory into a hardlink.
drop epochs mult.
Escape a URL value.
Ensure that the specified event source mapping is absent.
Run the benchmark functions and print the results.
Encode multipart formdata.
Check if the current user is admin
Show the details of a load balancer
supply item category
Spell function.
Returns True if the user s ent course is enabled.
Validate a station string.
Get the minimum value of a vector3 path.
Decodes and decodes a pickle value.
Publish a file from one source to another.
Add or update a new config to the proto library.
Determine if the engine s services are running.
Install one or more pecl packages.
Test shell environment variables.
get element node by evaluated link value
Register the inclusion tag for the given string.
Close a database.
Remove whitespace from the statement text.
Get information about a device.
Try to find git.
Parse dsymutil output.
compute the expected bar value for an asset
Create a header from a sequence of strings.
return the routing table for a given ip version
Adds a vhost to the system.
Get a newactorer that uses one or more fixers.
Return the format modules for a particular language
Parses the compiler output.
Returns the absolute path to the mrjob file.
When the bdd. parsers. re is applied wait for a log summary to show the
Returns the name of all of the services that have upstart
Get the releases of a GitHub project.
Coerce integer nt into an array of zeros.
Run the upgrades in the given store and release the lock.
Runs a prowl test
Takes events from the events queue and updates the portfolio according to the strategy and the execution
Wrapper function to determine whether or not the g77 abi wrapper should be used.
Substitutes the given arguments with the given callback.
Check if an item is a sequence type.
Places queens r c d g.
Clears the watcher from the control connection except the reference error.
Get a link from the win32 library.
Check if two strings are equal.
Resolve a name to a module name.
Clear the cache of redis
Returns True if element is a part of element.
Release a database connection.
Assert that the given function raises cls.
Update a snapshot s metadata.
get hypersearch winning model by id
Set a layer rule.
Change the layer thickness to a specific value based on the current layer thickness and start point.
Return the media url for the given path.
Kill the processtree associated with the given process.
Create a mini growl instance.
Get all sub - group objects for a given user and site
Parse a list of linters.
Get bind address.
Change of brightness.
Return the cumulative of x along axis.
Generate a random graph.
Sets the default app to use.
Returns the first value of a sequence.
Removes quotes from a string. Returns the string at the end of the string.
Returns the type of the address if it is a tuple and if it is a string it
This is a task - timed function that cleans the string
Returns a new function object that is the function s globals without the new globals. new globals
Process an element node and translate it according to the element node s attributes.
signal receiver for pre save signal
Get the name and version of a package.
Return a list of functions in the cmodule with the given names arrays and dtype.
Computes the derivative of a polynomial.
Test if a given value is evenly spaced.
Returns a color map associated with a regex match.
Render the given template with the given context.
Returns the project time day.
Check if an ip is in a subnet with a mask
cartesian product of two lists
Convenience function that reindexs all addon objects that are greater than num.
Return the inventory of a file or directory.
Require a course s task history to be stored in the cookie.
Convert a tuple of HSV values to RGB values.
Call a test method of an object.
Determine the correct run function for a given buildbot. scripts. run file.
Computes the k langosis of an iterable.
Fits a single class tomek links.
Returns a string representation of the given bytestring.
Returns a list of ranges for a given header value and content length.
Returns True if the set of orig prefixes is a subset of the set of new prefixes.
Check the cnn sk estimator.
Run a high order autoencoder test.
Format the string representation of the line and column of a line and column.
Parses the log message and returns the parsed message.
Read an image from a subject file.
Registers the handler and agent to the system.
Read pillar data from url
Match the string if the pattern matches and return the first match or none if the string does
Resolve a relative URL to an environment relative to the given URL.
Respond to a rendered WMC page for a given map.
Cluster a set of vectors using k - means clustering.
Create an empty file named filename.
Create a new matrix where the entries are the backward eye.
Returns the enforce path as a string if the file is a file or if the file is
Classify a single image.
Move the user s organization source to the remote organization.
Hug. static function.
Update an image flash parameter.
Return the resource at the specified path relative to project root.
Parses the source file and returns the string representation of the file s contents.
Rename src to dst if src already exists and dst already exists.
Return True if the header is in hop by hop headers.
Decode error arguments.
Render the given templates using the given context instance.
Import an image
constructor for cuda shared variable
desaturation property for tests that raises an error.
Return the session for a reply channel.
Recursively instantiate a tuple.
Builds the Sphinx docs for the specified branch.
Synthesize the nonce.
Create a connect viewer.
Returns a string representation of the object that is the away of the given finder.
Remove a service.
Creates an inventory object
Retrieve a project s networks.
Converts x into a sparse variable.
Compute graph stats.
Return the center of eccentricity g.
Convert a string array to a numpy array.
Get the istrremote of a given language.
Return the common dtype of the given columns.
Run migrations online.
Log the registered hooks
Activate the given language.
Send a notification for a registered password form.
Returns the assignment type for a given user group.
This is the entry point for the git - up script.
Renders and plots a cumulative distribution.
Renames the channels in the info file.
Expand command - line arguments into an expanded list.
Get the overhang support angle.
Check if the specified namespace works with the specified version
Get git name from git dir
Returns the filter value in JSON format.
Parse an ACL v2 value.
Returns a string with the ellipses removed
Returns a list of regions for the service.
Sets the default values for the given SQL connection and sqlite db.
A function to skip a test and return the one that was found in the abstfn
Drop the specified fields from the expression.
Draw the graph in interactive mode.
Returns a tuple containing the string and the position of the item in stringi.
get the results of a function
Recursively fix unicode strings in a dict.
Register optimizer for gemvs.
Normalizes server settings.
Convert a list of revs to a list of dicts.
Split a path into the last node.
requires login
Handle response format for treeio login required
Returns a result if the request. post contains the value of the field in the request.
Convert the content of a string into a JSON string.
helper function to register a hook in the gitlab repo
Returns True if the sheet is writable False otherwise.
help = help p0d p0dd p0dd p01 p0dd p
Return a list of system services
Sets up virtualenvs
Return the version number of the distribution as a string.
Add a rheader to the rheader table.
Return the version number of the running command.
Report deprecated worker name usage.
Associate and update a node.
Processes a given element node and returns a sorted list of its attributes.
Create a regular expression that matches a string with a given mask.
Render an image template using the given context.
Returns node mac address or None if node not found
Return the square root of n nearest to a.
Make sure the minion is virtual
Replace all non - character references in the string s with their corresponding re everyent character reference
Get the user s auth password
Return an event.
Return whether or not the machine is virtual.
Retrieve the names of photo files and their respective classes in a flower directory.
Shows the delta of the current uptime of the given bot and trigger.
Release an instance of a class.
getattr - Gets an attribute of the current instance.
Converts a domain name to a filename.
Assert that num is dimensionless to si
Join the current working directory and its working directory.
Transforms an array to a list of strings.
Write a window analyze file with the given name suffix and gcode text.
Pastes a Paster server application.
Redirect to a page after a successful login.
Return the discrete attributes of a domain.
Imports the compute api class
Wraps the result of an array of values of the specified dtype.
Validate disk format and container format
Get the maximum file descriptor limit.
Splits the train test set into train and test sets.
Serializes a tar info object into a tar info object.
Displays the current instance of the currently logged in user and creates a new instance of the
Convenience function for returning the lowest priority for a given log level.
Find a host in the inventory
Write the chain text with the first translator file name.
Sets the stock properties in the database
Callback function to reset audio time.
Create a new instance of cls with the same keys as obj. dict.
Return a list of all upgrades in the system.
Initializes the pyo data table
Get document node by file name
Returns a waterbutler URL for a specific website.
Redirect the user to the api view.
Encrypt the password if it s not already encrypted.
Change the value of t. value to a float.
Add pillar data into the faces of a triangulation.
Return the class documentation for the specified path.
Convert a % b into a % b.
Build a no - log generator.
Update a model instance if dirty is True
Sample from a random normal distribution.
Return the phrase extent of the head token at head index.
Check if a module is a package
Builds the m3u file name for a given file name.
Clean up the string representation of a Determinism source date epoch.
Returns a dictionary with the ssh config for the named host.
Validates that the URL is a valid circular reference to the owner of the given instance.
Get a random integer n.
Return a routes. mapper for the given declarations.
Loads the pickle file at the specified path.
Return the minor matrix of a matrix.
Test structs.
Returns a URL with a force - quoted version of the URL.
redirect to the default URL if the identity is not found
Scan photo list.
Sort a dictionary.
Authenticate the user to LTI consumer
Returns a list of boolean values that are probable prime.
Delete a chain from a table.
Parse a string statement and return the stat node.
Escape a string by replacing it with an instance of a regular expression.
Rebuild a type identifier to be used in the cache.
Loads the data for the given fixture type from the given data dict.
Return a finder for a module at the specified path.
Encode input to output.
Expand brackets in a string.
Register a inclusion tag with the given template.
Return a tuple of icon strings for the option in icon path.
verbose rule format
Setup the platform.
Attach epic statuses to a queryset.
Test feature finder finds all feature files within a dir
Given a calendar public id and namespace id return the calendar resource.
Delete a blob from the datastore.
Get all networks by an instance.
test that get a new command
Return the types of nodes that match pat.
Parses the command line arguments and returns the prompt for a password.
Loads the data from the file and returns it as a numpy array.
Set the extension of a URL.
Returns the etcd connection object for the specified profile.
Make sure that the trans is transformable.
Check compatibility of the specified module
Write a static group to a file.
Assert that certain log records are as expected.
Creates a taxed price based on the passed in item and priceful. tax
Return True if p canon bp False otherwise.
Get the current prompt tokens.
Create a user list
Attach user story extra info
Returns a list of files with the given extension in the manifest.
Runs a command in a subprocess.
Get the translation for the given element and prefix.
Hashes a file.
Registers a handler and agent type.
Remove the specified index from the specified media list.
Change the action of a form.
try to convert to int or float except value error
Set the color map of the images if it is not already set.
Create a primary key field.
Get the changes from the instance to the specified state
Delete a policy.
Fits ncr to sample a set of neighbors using the nearest neighbors and neighbourhood
customise org resource fields
Read a fragment file.
Format size with prefixes and suffix.
Send mails.
Returns a list of samples by user.
Convert a string to unicode.
Shortcut for the fireplace route.
Encode a Morse - style string into a Morse - style string.
Clears the output of the specified command.
Returns the string representation of an instance of type inst.
Runs the test script and returns the number of lines that were found in the result.
Downloads the subs for a video and stores it in the subs cache
Start the notification server if it is not already running.
Returns a response containing the context of the request.
Calls the specified executable with the specified filename.
Returns dependency graph for a list of packages.
Prepare test output with successful newline.
Return a list of MongoDB databases
Renames similar files.
Parse a query string into a dictionary.
Get all merged prs between start ref and end ref.
Return True if values in source are not equal to values in comparee.
Fetch a value from the index by the given pack string.
Filter products for a user
Sanitise a base32 string
Loads a replay file and raises an error if the file is not a replay file.
This function makes a test of the layout of the image comparison between two sets of images.
Parse a string representation of an attribute type.
Parse a string into an integer according to theroman numeral pattern.
Preprocess and serialize a node in a pkl style.
Register a new logging handler.
Set disk timeout in seconds.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the specified command has an exec effect.
Return the normalised log - likelihood of the given dirichlet.
Get a file from a buffer or URL.
Generate a property from a source file.
Revoke a certificate from a project.
Unquote a JSON document.
Calculates the fib of a and b.
Add a point to a path if it is already added.
Convert an etree element to a queue element
remove article from string
Draw a demo tree.
Get the number of epochs
assert that request user is admin if user query param is provided
Create a css gradient from a function of num and a color.
Return True if the code is equal to the number specified in the requirements file in the virtualenv
Display the given string in the terminal.
Removes a module from the configuration. Returns a set of the names of the modules that
Computes the standard deviation of a given number of samples.
Context manager to change the current working directory.
Loads a YAML file.
Gets the repository writer with the specified title and global spreadsheet separator.
Returns the path to a photo file.
Rollback the configuration.
Add the given trait names to the given object.
default render failure method
Loads the fixture from a JSON file and converts it to bytes.
Return a list of tokens for a float expression.
Recursively decipher a string or list of strings.
Represent a column dict.
Check if a point is inside a polygon.
Get the data type of a function.
Returns a string representation of s if s is none or s. If s is a string
Shuts down the specified dev process.
Returns a function to create a mattrgetter function for the given attrs.
Return the parent PID of the current process.
Log the log of the given task to the console.
Convert text to qcolor.
Download a file from the remote server.
Returns a list of lines of sibling lines of a given file.
Entry point for the celery command.
Return a list of the rooms the client is in.
create ports tree
Add a track.
Make an entity for a query.
Register a template inclusion tag.
Yields the number of lines in filename that are not translation in tests.
Discretize a 2d array into a 2d array.
Convert a value from the current timezone.
Encode a list of control tuples.
Get the user name and user id.
Close the XML document root.
Load an experiment from the given file path.
Returns a string representation of the number of hours in the given number of minutes.
Show the specified server.
Set the logger for the class.
A decorator function to specify the dedent of a function.
Returns a list of elements from seq1 that are not in seq2.
Convert a time t to a hex b value.
Makes a redirect to the course s cookie if the user is not in the global staff
get limit conn shared memory
Add a process to the specified engines
Wrapper for talib. ppo
Get or create identifiers for a node
Load shape texture
Return a list of n random keys from a dictionary.
Returns the base path for the current version of the system.
Return a dictionary of meta fields.
Runs cell magic and asserts that the file is unicode.
Call application function.
Returns a view function that can access the log level of the request.
Open a log file and return a file - like object.
Get the git changeset cache for a given file.
Split a dataframe of mappings for different symbols.
Delete a key based on a regular expression
Test hdf5 design matrix.
Assert that a script is in a directory and has the expected value.
Run a test proxy for testing.
Pretty - print a list.
Add a host key to the specified module.
Get a server certificate.
Get the type of the disk
Assert that the given index is a product of the given levels.
Selects a package id from the user s input.
Get the length of a text box.
expands a list of polynomials into a new list of polynomials.
Returns True if the database exists otherwise False.
Returns a path relative to the current working directory.
Raise system exit.
Retrieve the polar motion value at the specified time.
Converts the main dataframe to hdf link to the file at the given index.
Add a command to the protocol.
Check if a release has failed
Convert a string to a naive datetime.
Convert a URL to a fully qualified string.
Return the microseconds of a datetime object.
Recursively find all the names of allloaded functions in co. co.