returns the current recursion depth.
compute the union size of two bitsets.
called when the closing of the dialog is successful.
returns a description of the classifier.
returns the smallest sector that contains the specified other sector.
check if double is equal to valuetocompare.
int value of a positive bigdecimal.
recursively walk through a directory.
get an array containing all column values for a given tuple set and field.
divide : local variable exponent is invalid.
processes a dataset change event.
onschedules the given packing plan as a library.
check if the given type is a string type.
validates the given sql statement.
converts to object array.
test whether to log'finest'at'finest'level.
use a missile if not holding other weapon.
instantiates a new tcp matcher.
determine the new level based on the maximal depth of all edges in the tree.
request a confirmation from the user to enter a pass code.
removes a worker from this pool, if present, to ensure that it is not run when this
insertfunctionalitytest # testinsert4 ( ). inserts a row into the table using
put a map entry to the disk.
report the end of an element.
send a fatal log message.
deletes all leaves with the given name.
returns a string representation of this vector.
validates the given character array against the generous bit set.
removes a thread hook from the vm.
bounds the stack scroll if necessary.
waits for volumes to be visible.
this method can be overwritten by subclasses to add additional services.
updates the indicator view according to the new indicator input element.
paints the image on the window.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection via the named event.
returns true if this attribute is prefixed with a name.
release any connection that might have been held.
adds a collection of actions to the quickactionview.
add a simple renderer to the multiple renderer.
copy stream to output stream.
calculates the needed angle for a given value.
returns a buffer to the pool.
creates a new instance.
creates a new charseq by concatenating this charseq with another.
handles the http get request.
notify the model that the current state of the model changed.
test for getorder ( ) method.
formats and logs a message with a throwable.
constructs the redis key for the given shard.
decodes the given string using the specified charset.
adds a domain name to the list of restricted domains.
creates a new instance of stoppablereadlock.
test of isautoincrement method, of class rsmd.
copy the contents of the given byte array to the given outputstream.
returns true if the list is empty, false otherwise.
renders a gif frame.
check to see if a string is a valid ncname according to [ 4 ] from the xml
appends the specified message to the end of this list.
prepares the data set.
build the service registrar.
check that an object name is valid.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
removes all recurrence rules from this entity.
copy nodelist members into this nodelist, adding in document order.
returns true if we need to refetch the data.
creates a document type with the given qualified name, public id, and system id.
returns the contents of this field as a byte array.
returns the enum value corresponding to the specified style name, or the default value if no match was
get next audio frame from stream uid.
create exportmask map from placed masks.
inserts the object at the specified position in this array.
write out the image without scaling.
put a node in the cache.
updates the current progress.
copy data from is to out.
fades an audio file to a specified location.
draws the scroll view to the given canvas.
load properties for an array of classes.
add zero to zero.
fix gps date and time fields according to exif schema.
checks whether the cell consumes the given event type.
read a single character.
create the y axis.
returns the value of max.
prints the contents of a file.
extend this grounding with the other.
expect the next token from the document.
test of gettabletypes method, of class hbasedatabase.
updates the cache for the given file path.
removes a listener from the set listening to swipe events.
returns the descriptor corresponding to a field signature.
adds an array of parameters to be passed to the request body.
returns the class name of the annotation interface represented by this atom.
returns true if the specified resource supports arbitary policies.
create a electronictext method.
creates a new patternguardexpr.
returns the intersection of two lines.
remove the given object from the original set and return the set that was removed.
returns the current unix timestamp in milliseconds.
is this a pdf file?.
draws the grid background ( if set ).
opens a stream to a file.
unpacks the compressed character translation table.
called when tmp files are copied.
returns common pool queue, or null if none.
returns true if the given attribute is a field package private.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_up, result is positive ; distance = - 1
converts all codes in the given string to lower case.
loads the data from the given input stream.
calculate the radius of the selector.
determines the width of this view.
test get / put byte [ ] methods.
this method is called when the user has been added to the group.
parser for a local number.
convert a list of paths to pixel coordinates.
decodes a base64 string into its original form.
checks the current state of the expression for correctness.
slides the adapter to the top.
constructs a new mutablebiginteger that wraps the specified mutablebiginteger.
handle request sent with a wrong binding.
instantiates a new checkpoint manager.
creates an index on the given store.
check if the connection has been closed.
inserts a parameter value into the map.
returns the minimum dimensions the target container needs to have.
select the item at the given position.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
ignorable whitespace. for this method to be called, the document source must have some way of determining
waits for an editor to be active.
returns the solution with the largest value for the specified objective.
converts latm to y.
registers the sms callback handler.
parses a property list from the given input stream.
the current score function.
instantiates a new grammaticalityestimator.
checks to see if a zone link exists between start and end of string.
check that all values in x are not nan.
processes connection events and forward them to all registered connectionlisteners.
returns the percentage of values that fall within the given range.
quietly closes given resource ignoring possible checked exception.
release lucee page context.
add a new event listener.
return true if we need to rebuild the journal to reflect the new compaction.
converts a string to a byte array.
loads the properties from the given resource.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
parses a name / value pair with the given parser.
called when the user presses the pull button.
get the mappingobject at the given location.
parse the given json file and return the result as a string.
compute and return the set of diffs for the two specified strings.
create a new repository.
counts the number of tokens contained in this string.
adds a codeindexdocument to the index.
resets all common components.
handle an error in the console.
reads the default serializable field values for this beancontext from the specified stream.
paint the arrow in enabled state.
logs a throw exception.
convert a zero bigdecimal to biginteger.
called when the accuracy of an accelerometer has changed.
returns whether the command allows trailing arguments.
setmaxcrlnumber ( biginteger maxcrl ) method testing.
evaluates the popup trigger for the given mouse event.
removes a task from the queue, returning true if it was removed.
java. math. bigdecimal # divide ( java. math. bigdecimal, java. math
ensures that the directory specified by the path exists.
loads a class from the class loader.
determines the height of this view.
determines if the view x, y is clipped by a list child.
constructs a new set of rules for the given workspace.
writes a byte array to a file creating the file if it does not exist.
adds the specified item to the adapter.
check if there are pending custom messages to process.
determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction.
parses the current node and returns the number of elements added.
calculates the multiplier for the height of a scramble image.
test objectmapper with numeric scalars.
this method closes all callbacks except for the listener.
static version of indexof, to allow repeated calls without needing to re - acquire array each
populate the profiles combo box.
check the file header and return the sequence number.
absolute value of field m_left.
maps an algorithm name to an oid.
provide reflective behavior to construct instance of generator given an array of string arguments.
refills the input buffer.
checks if the mouse event indicates that the inplace component has finished editing, and if so,
adds a module to the list of modules.
returns true if there are all tables in the database.
classify a sequence of features.
called by layoutmanager to bind the header view holder at the given position.
updates the line selection state.
draws a rectangle of given half width and half height, centered on ( x, y ).
refreshes the loading views size.
replace the split element at the given index with the given split element.
starts an item list.
returns the number of splits needed to split the given number of records.
this method cannot be called directly.
scans for source files in the given directory.
returns true if there are routes that need to be postponed.
returns true if there is only a single selected widget.
constructs path from uri.
reads a xml element attribute ans cast it to a int value.
fully reads the contents of the given reader and returns it as a string.
add a getter for a specific property.
marks an entry as used.
returns the success message.
handles the case when a state left.
registers implementing class of the signaturealgorithm with algorithmuri.
creates key value persistence settings from file.
returns true if the input string contains a word breaking character.
checks the intersections of all segment strings.
removes the first occurrence, starting at the beginning and moving towards the end, of the specified object
compose two unaryoperators together.
adds column specifications to the list of column specs.
converts a field name to a java field name.
generates a random key.
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method.
execute a set of sql statements.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
refreshes the done button.
creates the migration task editor.
makes sure the buffer is large enough for the given number of bytes.
convert a string representation of an ip address to an integer.
closes a cursor and removes it from the map.
returns true if there is another match.
generate the instruction to push the given value on the stack.
creates an xml node with the given name, attributes, and content.
inserts the specified item at the specified position in the list.
notify the listener that the wait operation failed.
transforms the contents of a stream into an xml document using a stylesheet.
split string with default delimiter escaped.
reads the next token from the reader, blocking until it is available.
delete an obligation. the obligation must be acquired and released in the process.
clips the view on the right.
creates a package content from the given blob.
checks the coverage of all attributes in the subspace.
finds all values in the given string.
returns the index of the given element in the array, or - 1 if the element is not
appends a value to the list of values associated with the name.
compares this certificate with another, for equality.
appending the between operator clause.
encode a string to a newly allocated byte array.
compute the histogram of values in a geo time serie.
compute the weights of this node and all of its children.
instantiates a new search.
adds a field to run the query against.
combines two stages using the given function.
build the create schema statement.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
creates a new manager object.
return this conjunction as a sentence.
determine if the expression consists of pronouns.
output the sql type for a java short.
splits a string based on a separator.
write all modified favorites to the data stream.
updates the rolling average based on the nanotime.
returns a list of validationerrormessage.
creates a new instance of keystorestate.
creates a new instance of cryptoresult.
called when the target of the listener has changed its state.
parses a delimited string into an array of strings.
initializes the gui layout.
returns true if the animation is running.
creates a default mosaic definition.
creates a new result object.
trust all https certificates.
returns true if the component is in need of form.
adds listeners to the internal distribution.
safe sqrt. if x < 0, return - 1.
runs callables in parallel, waiting for all to finish.
append a character to the buffer.
initializes the owner references for the given field.
build a query to retrieve a table consisting of the union of the columns.
constructs a node at a given location.
increases the accuracy of the list, clearing it if necessary.
revert a list of files.
returns a copy of all the arrays in the specified order.
creates a new tagged value iterator.
ascend to the root of the tree.
returns true if this stream can be read.
copy the contents of the buffer to the given array starting at the given offset.
called when an item was dismissed.
probability density function of the normal distribution.
sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order.
add a zoomlistener to the listener list.
clear the dependency graph for all registers in the given range.
fire when an annotation has been selected.
verify the evidence message m2 against the server evidence message.
handles the text in an rtf document.
removes the factory for the specified uri.
returns the name of an attribute, or null if the attribute does not exist.
creates a new escapedwriter.
checks if cookie is expired.
record a record using a recordbuilder impl.
checks whether the given method is the correct method for the proxy invocation.
remainder of division of two numbers of different signs.
resets the property to its initial, empty state.
\ brief returns : distance ( a, b ).
check if the backup info file is valid.
returns a copy of the string in lower case.
create a negative number from a sign and an array of bytes.
builds an opus comment.
asserts that two event beans are equal.
returns the number of elements in this set.
converts the given string to uppercase, null safe.
get an iterator over the edges required by this rule that satisfy the required rules.
unlocks the specified thread.
creates a new java doc box from the given text.
force a number string to be between 2 digits.
adds a new drop item.
finds all instances of the given type that have primary keys in the given list.
load node workflow and its attributes.
returns a hash code value for this object.
removes a tag from the list of tags.
verifies the given secp256k1 signature in native code.
recursively deletes a directory.
assert the contents of an iterator are the same.
formatting the finished percentage based on the group status.
generates a vm host name from vm name and host id.
transfer all data from a file.
removes quotes from the end and starts and ends of the expression.
determines if all pie segments in the dataset are present.
draw a random event.
creates the lines for the given text and inserts them at the given offset.
returns the square root of the specified value.
calculates the number of transitions between two result points.
converts a number into a bit string.
encodes a bit set using url safe encoding.
constructs a tokenizer that parses tokens from the given string.
waits until the specified thread is ready to receive messages with the specified id.
loads the translations into the cache if the cache is empty.
create a new navmousemode.
adds a new event to the queue.
stops a timer by name.
returns a summary of the dataset.
creates a temporary directory in the specified location.
draws a horizontal span across the chart.
selects all items from the selected items list that extend to the whole connections.
create a new key builder with the specified parameters.
heuristically selects the list of possible parents of x given the background knowledge.
configure from a properties file.
open a new database connection.
adds a task's relations to the database.
remove all ports connected to the current bddp, which are in the openflow domain.
sleep the specified number of milliseconds.
verifies that the write set is not found.
calculates the entropy of a set of masses.
check to see if a string is a valid nmtoken according to [ 4 ] from the xml
parses a double value from the given string.
adds a string to the buffer.
add a rtcp event listener.
creates a new array of the given size if necessary and copies the data into the new array.
report an xml error.
connects the specified file descriptor to the specified remote host and port.
determines whether the specified node is whitespace.
creates a new panel object.
sets the access mode of this label.
deregisters a spring from this manager.
returns the logger's file name.
parses an n - triples b attribute.
resets the psr list.
sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order.
closes the popup window.
frees an object from the cache.
stretch the view vertically so that it fits within the cross size.
converts an inetaddress from a hex string to an inetaddress.
tracks the failure of the backoff operation.
reads a double ( 64 bit ) from the source stream.
checks if the bar is at the maximum.
returns true if seq starts with'cs ', false otherwise.
parses properties file and adds it to the map.
computes the result for one input double value.
enables a pan to be used by the system while tethering is on.
returns the distance between two points.
creates a new url with the given parameters.
returns a workflow. method for createvolumes.
creates a new instance of filecommandinfo.
initialize the widgets with the given manual.
trust all hosts on the given url connection.
sample the active count.
gets the user code form.
test for correct error handling for a mission name element.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
called when this object is no longer needed and should be recreated.
close the output stream.
resolves the given set of files.
test of getinstance method, of class exemptionengineer.
reloads the configuration from the database.
stops the specified old message processor.
constructs an issuer serial from an x509certificate.
adds the edges of the given set to the given file.
put a byte array in the buffer.
converts an array of objects into a delimited string.
clears all stored images.
converte string em compiere color.
creates a new luastate and adds it to the states list.
checks the capacity of the given memory and returns the value of the minimum required preamble size
reads a single character.
limits the clip so that only the given points are visible on the screen.
shut down the pool.
converts collection of host names to collection of inetaddresses.
removes all new line characters from a string.
calculates total number of feeds, categories, and special categories.
appends html to a stringbuffer.
this method is used to migrate the columns of the current table to the database.
retrieves the number of rows in the specified table.
creates a new jarmodifier object.
adds an attribute to this table.
associate the given value with the specified key.
sorts the specified range in the array in ascending numerical order.
returns true if this is a sip server transaction.
adds a highlight for a range of marked occurrences.
fully read a number of bytes from an inputstream into a byte array.
validate the given assumption.
adds a product to the shopping cart.
adds a frequent item set.
skips bytes from the peek buffer.
a method that creates the workflow method for removing vplex volumes from a consistency group.
show a prompt to select one or more urls.
convert a mouse event to a cell index.
computes the regular expression to match the given original string with the given old name and new name
generate a call identifier.
parses an hour value.
this is fired when the user presses the back key.
substitutes the types in originaltypes with the types in substitution.
returns a set of all known transports.
returns the seconds until idle lockout.
get the names of all hive databases.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
hacky adjuster for doubles.
converts a string to an object.
copies the properties from the old document to the new document.
creates a new svd matrix and fills it with the values.
unlock a previously acquired lock.
creates a new, empty unicast ref.
static version of lastindexof, to allow repeated calls without needing to re - acquire array
write data to the file.
compute the remainder of a division by a scalar.
max ( biginteger val ).
function used to stop code that calls acceptdataset.
called to set the offsetgrabpoint to the current mouse location, and update the offsetg
writes floats from the given float array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position
returns true if ip is contained in cidrprefix, false otherwise.
tries to acquire the named lock.
checks if the known cookie is set in the request.
opens an import file chooser with the given parameters.
creates a new instance of gtmaterialmaterial.
reads all bytes from the given input stream, closes both streams when done.
parses a sql statement.
writes a long at the specified offset from this native object's base address.
this method is called when an actionresult is received for a request that has already been processed by
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt. hashpw ( ) method.
checks if the key is consistent with this partitionedregion.
convert number to string.
runs the init script at the given url if it exists.
parse an integer value from a range of characters.
prints an object to standard output and then terminates the line.
check that the array is a finite number.
initializes the keyboard buttons.
is window auto new.
finds the relative path of a file relative to a directory.
resets the singleton instance.
andnot for two negative numbers ; the first is longer.
generates a random string of characters.
creates a new instance of exchangeratemanager.
removes an attribute from the list of attributes.
evicts an entry from the cache.
check if an exception is a unique contraint error.
constructs a configuration error.
adds fill components to the given panel.
inserts the used context prefixes into charbuf.
increments the put time accumulator.
returns a list of max_hash3_bit_funcs hashes for the given data.
returns the elevation at a given latitude / longitude.
creates a new observedobject for the given objectname.
deletes all children of the given container.
save the initial state of the component and all of its facets.
checks if two items overlap.
ensures that the given value is not null.
read an arraylist from an inputstream containing xml.
pads the string at the right with spaces until it reaches the desired length.
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names.
called when a send task completes.
adds a button to the buttonpanel that allows the user to set the preferences.
clears all unused keys.
create table with primary key.
constructs a shortinterleavedraster with the given samplemodel and databuffer.
this method will be used to copy the file from the data directory to the carbon store.
performs a forward fling on the specified uiobject.
convert a string to a double.
adds a listener that is notified about changes in the graph.
determine whether this feature is stable.
calculates the approximate size of a text, depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e
perform any initialisation that may have been made.
returns a string representation of the contents of the buffer.
write an image, x / y placement with an imageicon.
handle a change event from the slider.
writes content to a file.
returns true if the given url points to a file or vfs url.
updates the status of the current logout attempt.
converts an OID string to an array of integers.
lists the servers that belong to a given site.
creates a new instance of the editor dialog.
returns true if the sld contains inline features, false otherwise.
decode the input stream into a byte array.
runs the finalization logic.
displays all gems gems logo in string xml.
check the http content length.
adds a foreign key constraint.
called when the activity is first created.
pushes a notification to the server.
appends a json encoded key / value pair to the given string builder.
updates the configuration from the specified resource.
deselects an item from the selection.
returns true if the given node is a leaf.
add a drone listener.
compares this object to the specified object.
parse a vector from a string containing only whitespaces.
calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the specified stream.
instantiates a new session wrapper.
post a batch request without enclosing transaction.
returns the directory where the program is located.
clears the list of sensors associated with this route.
returns the keystore type corresponding to the given string.
push the given mapper onto the stack and return the previous mapper on the stack.
converts a hexadecimal character to an integer.
convert diasporaobject to json.
load a keystore from a file, optionally using a password.
remove a property change listener.
checks if caching is enabled.
this = this & other.
tests for equality between the specified object and this object.
returns true if lockdownprofile is valid.
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified.
creates a from clause from the given streams.
decode ansi x12 segment.
create a kdbdatabase from an inputstream containing the kdbheader.
decodes a add operation.
sorts this vector in increasing order.
rebuilds the panel, removing all the images and repainting the panel.
processes a number of bytes from the input stream.
returns the absolute path of the given file.
go to the next page.
returns null if the current time is greater than zero, otherwise throws nullpointerexception.
returns the list of types in the order in which they were added.
adds a sql statement to delete the rules in the batchlist.
returns true if the given element has been visited.
instantiates a new aws iot connection.
creates a future that is asynchronously completed exceptionally.
initialize forecast error values.
checks if the mouse event is the same as the default mouse modifiers.
emits the list of retained variables.
constructs a uri from the given components.
get the top n structured translations of a hypergraph.
reads a single character from this reader and returns it as an integer with the two higher - order
returns true if the passed blocksnapshoturi can be used as a full copy.
returns a list of all registered service descriptors.
removes code value sentences from the given string.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_even, result is negative ; distance = - 1
quantiles ( = inverse cumulative density function ).
validates the given signed data against the given certificate and signature.
returns the number of elements in the sequence.
tests whether a single role is correctly added to a servlet run - as.
subtract two negative numbers of the same length.
creates a new multiterm query.
prints the given message to the console.
accumulates sums for all groupby fields of the entity.
test with invalid xml.
returns the string representation of this object.
returns true if member is an accessor pair, false otherwise.
creates a date format with the utc timezone.
writes a linked kml to a file.
returns the destination file path.
refreshes the users or groups list from the server.
creates new form bootpanel.
returns a default set of http headers.
clears all parsys components in the current scope.
send a request asynchronously.
register a new client and broadcast a new client registration message.
parses the data from the supplied inputstream, using the supplied baseuri to resolve any relative
parses the date value using the specified date formats.
removes the attribute value.
find all loops starting with the given idom.
generate the hive test files.
renames the editor panel in the sub menu.
returns true if the specified column fits as a single line.
this method is called just before the test is run.
convert from spherical coordinates to world coordinates.
replaces instances of this string with another character sequence.
url - encodes the given string using'%'as the encoding, and returns the result
draws an image, applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing.
skips to the end of the current line.
returns an indtest subset of the variables.
this method is called when a file is read.
formats milliseconds to hh : mm : ss string format.
add a propertychangelistener for a specific property.
creates a new empty folder in the specified directory.
add a typed array to the config.
add a sub - action to this sub - action.
fill the entry tree from the current row.
returns true if the left collection contains at least one element in the right collection.
checks that the wait duration is in the range [ minimum, maximum ).
logs the differences between two entries.
creates a new img object.
creates a new instance with the specified mimetype.
creates a new instance of parameters.
convert from mel frequency to linear frequency.
creates a new rounded icon generator with the specified parameters.
get a byte array of the specified size filled with random bytes.
returns a description of the filter.
copy a number of bytes from a byte array to the buffer.
returns true if the session has expired.
put a key / boolean pair in the jsonobject.
writes an attribute to the output stream.
handles a selection event.
this method determines if the contract can be invoked in the given period of time.
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream.
get the contents of the response as a byte array.
starts fading out all layers.
this method is unsupported, because packmodifiedfirstfit does not support descending orders.
adds a text change listener.
returns an iterator over the profiles.
returns true if the string starts with a space.
wrap the given path with the uri prefix.
convert a key in the form " [ level ] = level + 1 " to a level.
called whenever the mouse is dragged by the user and one of the requested mouse modes is active.
init the caching http headers filter.
adds a common component to the list of common components.
spins / blocks until node s is fulfilled.
load the generalsubtreestablemodel with general subtrees.
reads a single character.
returns true if pinging is disabled.
writes a string to a file.
creates an arraylist of intwritables from a list of string / integer pairs.
computes the angle between two points.
creates a new cursor object.
checks if is enabled.
draw the foreground if we are in drag mode.
creates a new modbusserialtransaction object.
starts the thread that calls this class's constructor.
exports the given object.
creates the dbffdc directory.
reads a character - sized string from the given stream.
process the children of a query tree.
gets all messages from the tip of the day.
creates a new persisted queue.
appends the given objects to the given stringbuilder.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied event
creates a new request configured to post the specified open graph action to the user's feed.
shows the loading state of this state machine.
the object implements the readexternal method to restore its contents by calling the methods of datainput for
computes the median absolute value.
constructs a new sdpexception with the specified root cause.
links the specified node to the first node in the queue.
notifies all registered propertychangelistener objects of a property change event.
indicates whether a dirty read operation should be used for the given template.
create a new jslider.
apply the graphic attributes to the symbol.
increases the idle count for a given status.
constructs a remoteservicedescriptor from a base url.
reads the new journal from the given file descriptor.
start the server and wait for it to complete.
returns true if the operation is complete.
generates a qr code from the given string, using the given width and height.
writes ints from the given int array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position
adds a header to the request.
overriden to set the background, foreground, and size of the component.
generate the class file for the extension manager.
submits a task to the pool.
checks that the given bucket name is valid.
validates a usernamespaceauthorizationcreaterequest.
returns a string representation of the object.
calculates the derived statistics.
checks whether the consistency group can be deleted.
close a closeable object without throwing an exception.
get a message from the queue without waiting.
removes the range of characters from this list.
refills the input buffer.
shut down bookie servers.
adds a criteria to the ored criteria.
release selections for a set of items.
creates a new hublinkmapping object.
delete a receive load name that the track will either service or exclude. see setloadoption.
validates the compute name and returns the state object for the given vm name.
constructs an xml string from a tag.
removes the argument at the given index and returns the insertion index.
replaces a policy with another one in the resource tree.
create a new atomicdoublearray of the given length, with all elements initially zero.
copies a single action from one file to another.
recompute the separation of cluster means.
makes a square image of the given input image.
called when a route is lost.
writes a start element tag.
adds a process interaction listener.
replaces the first instance of the search string with the replace string.
put a byte value into the buffer at the specified index.
creates a new instance of commonturnivaloperationconfig.
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt. hashpw ( ) method.
draws the description text in the center of the view.
parses bytes from a string.
returns the interlanguage link for the specified language.
updates the actions depending on the current state of the address space.
construct a flux instance with the given parallelism and the publisher.
cleans a directory without deleting it.
adds a new gumball to the game.
puts the segment into the recycle bin.
deletefunctionalitytest # testdelete6 ( ). attempts to delete row with referencing ones and
creates a new channel and adds it to the channel list.
change the size of this point to p_new_size.
inserts a row into the database.
adds default uri to list.
transfer all of the sequences in the specified range.
computes the distance from a point p to a line segment b perpendicular to a
make a copy of this biginteger.
runs the test case.
returns the ids of the fix fixes that need to be applied.
see the general contract of the read fully method of datainput.
returns true if the current jvm is jellybean or later.
instantiates a new partial correlation pdf.
returns true if profiling is enabled.
checks if the output and key files are valid.
add an action listener to the list of response code listeners.
calculate the log likelihood of the current state.
returns true if there are dead states that can be reached from the initial state.
subtracts two money objects.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
skips the next line.
list docker volumes.
converts a base64 encoded string to a bytebuffer.
step the progress bar.
load the raw characters from the stream.
creates a new signaturefakingor object.
creates a new arbitrary length path node.
add a wheel change listener.
scan a yaml directive number.
tobitstring - return an int [ ] as a bit string.
converts the samples in the given buffer to signed 16 - bit samples.
this function is used to check a single token.
writes the specified attribute to the output stream.
expands all paths in the tree.
describe the vocabulary for the given partition counts.
invokeany ( c ) throws nullpointerexception if c has null elements.
creates a new instance.
generate x values from start to end index.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
add a service attribute value to the servicebyattr map.
creates a new decoder that decodes the specified uri.
converts an rgb color to a CMYK color.
shows an error message.
parses a name value pair.
removes all characters from string s that are in string bag from string s.
returns the trigonometric cosine of the specified angle in radians.
called when the fragment is being removed from the fragment stack.
method for beancontextchild interface.
returns true if the file exists, false otherwise.
create a windowsfileattributes from a find_data structure.
flatten a map into an xmlserializer.
fires an event on the ripplerpane programmatically.
returns true if the entry has a full query entry.
returns true if the given resource is a tla module.
write an annotation to the stream.
converts an inet4address to a long value.
checks if a given revision contains a given template.
retrieves all account info requests for the given start date.
returns a new stringlist containing the strings in this string list plus the given strings.
walk the parse tree and notify the listeners.
read a single character, 16 bits.
compare two dates, removing any time component.
splits the given string into two words if they are within the minimum rest length.
checks if the given url is a book search url.
returns the path to a class with the given name.
removes the given string from the title prefix.
send this message to the specified set of members.
returns true if the service is relevant to the attributes.
tests for equality, coping with nulls.
find a car by road number.
convert a class name to a slashed form, e.
p - empirical prior.
finds an existing location or creates a new location if needed requires location's name creates a unique
close the reservation manager.
removes an oma download from the list of pending downloads.
checks if the directory containing the android sdk files is contained in the local properties file.
returns true if the given bundle contains a token and its expiration date.
resets the policy to the default values.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection via the named event.
raises the x and y values of the given vector2 by the given power.
invokes the specified parameterless method if it exists.
undump a chunk from an input stream.
add a button to the panel.
maps a request matcher to a list of responses.
commits all changes to the input field.
splits the given string on the given separator.
inserts a twin instruction into the gcir.
returns a new instance of this class using the default constructor.
creates a new format specifier parser.
appends all elements of the iterator to the stringbuilder, separated by the given separator.
returns true if the queue is full.
schedules a playlist save task.
check if any of the variables need to be read.
invoked when an action occurs.
returns a textual description of this vector.
converts an integer to an integer.
send a verbose log message.
saves all indexes in the indexes table.
compute the score for a match with a given pattern.
if deltay > 0, move the content down.
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one.
inserts a string into the document.
obtains the string representation of this object.
writes data to the remote node.
copy the contents of the given reader to the given writer and close the writer.
check if count bookies are up.
applies the inverse of this transform to the supplied point.
asserts that the given code closure fails when it is evaluated and that a particular type of exception
writes a packet to the remote device.
process an attribute string of type t_yesno into a boolean value.
load a list of keys and values from rma table.
this method will search list of wo's for the given criteria.
constructs a new week, based on the supplied date / time and time zone.
creates a new resource queue.
encode the certificate request using the specified subject and signature.
schedule a task for repeated fixed rate execution in the future.
abbreviates a string to a given width.
method to stop a wraparound test.
check that the row index is valid.
removes all symbols from the symbol table.
determines the strength of an enemy blitz.
creates a new name by joining this name with the given identifier.
parses a date string.
returns a string representation of the message.
returns true if the specified character is a white space character.
remove a filter from the request.
removes the specified classifiers.
add a property change listener.
returns the number of checkpoints.
add an item to the list.
adds a list of urls to listen to.
adds a set of virtualarray uris to the set of virtualarray assignments.
is cell editable.
drops the current connection from the trash.
concatenates the values of an array into a single list.
creates a new decoratedgraphiterator that decorates the given graph pattern.
validates a custom catalog entry.
create a new functionexecutionpooledexecutor using the given blockingqueue.
checks if the body is a ssdp message.
adds the specified child at the specified index.
restores the sorting selection.
copies the builder's internal byte array into a new byte array.
clean up after each test.
consumes events from the queue until the given condition is true.
updates the ui from the given command.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
generates a gaussian distribution with the given mean and standard deviation.
compute the percent of the over scroll.
constructs a new vector with the specified capacity.
process the invite request.
gets logger for given object.
read receive delay from window returns'true'if successful,'false'if an error was
write a number of indents.
returns a hash code for this set.
parses an integer value from a string.
returns true if the first node of the list is a method declaration.
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack.
this method is called when the user moves the mouse.
remove a batch clusterer listener.
refreshes the held lock grant.
removes the specified object from the set of known objects.
wraps the given byte array into a heapbytesstore.
parse a jsonvalue into a string.
valueof ( long val ) : convert a negative long value to a biginteger.
inserts the specified element before the specified position into the receiver.
increases size of array and fills it with new entries.
construct a sided plane from a pair of vectors describing points, and including origin, plus a
check if inputstream is gzip compressed.
inserts a new operation into the list.
clears all listeners and ssm objects.
register a decayable object.
assert that the output contains the given string.
removes the given class from the cache.
completedstage returns a failed completionstage.
overrides paintcomponent to set the background, color spectrum background, and cursor.
handles the case where a class loader is dropped.
delete an attachment point from the list.
total number of files to be recovered.
process an animgameitem from a md5model.
removes the assignment from the index.
formats the given object into a formatted string.
helper method to set wait status on a node.
create a threaddump instance.
starts the audio stream if it's not already running and the buffer is not exceeding the threshold
checks if the input matches the filter.
removes and returns first element, if present.
initializes the document builder factory.
returns the standard error of the estimate for the intercept.
create missing values for this object.
normalizes the given path by replacing " / " with " / ".
start the launch notifier thread.
expands a filename that may contain a " hidden " directory entry.
tries to add the current buffer to the never pub queue.
updates the value of the form.
returns true if there are more bytes to read.
appends the parameter signature.
this method is called after a heartbeat is completed.
generate and encapsulate a random session key.
loads the private key from the file.
removes a listener from the set of listeners.
returns true if this entry has a critical extension, false otherwise.
returns true if the given string is not in the given array.
clones the node and or imports it.
destroys the current secp256k1 context.
initialize the cleanup thread.
splits the shard into a list of shards.
returns an input stream reader that uses the given charset.
convert a rendered image to a zlib encoded image.
adds a new vertex to the graph with the given id.
configures the local services for the ln traffic controller.
returns the index within the specified character sequence of the first occurrence of the specified characters sequence starting at
appends a string to the buffer.
push a let statement onto the stack.
returns a string representation of this node.
creates a meta data column descriptor with the given name, jdbc type and default value.
filters out all years that do not start with'year '.
creates a new data provider event with the specified reason and set of types.
validates the given bean. returns a list of errors if the bean is null.
replaces the bracket following the given command in the given document.
attempts to determine the formatting pattern to use based on the current national number and the minimum number of
fill picks. - create table.
creates a copy of the field.
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero bytes.
cast a value to a type.
deletes a file or directory when the program exits.
initialize the sort key step.
prints an annotation in the editor.
add a point to the end of the path.
loads a configuration from the specified reader.
adds an item to the end of the list.
add an annotation to an xml element.
reads a boolean ( 16 bit ) from the source stream.
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names.
returns the natural logarithm of the gamma function.
starts the animation with the specified delay.
get the ciphersuite corresponding to the given ids.
creates a pending action context.
shows droidsafe text markers for a class.
adds the fqn of the new expression to the hashset.
returns a list of sizes where the largest size is picked up to three.
verify the contents of a log record.
copies the given transferable to the clipboard.
format download size as percent.
updates the enabled state of the buttons.
makes an immutable collection from the given mutable collection.
adds the images for the given hex to the given mediatracker.
parse string to date.
this method determines whether the supplied node or direction has been processed by the processor.
power - on - self test for every synthesizer in the group.
fetches the edges of a triangle from the given stack and adds them to the triedges
generates a collection of  crls from the specified input stream.
deletes the entity configuration under the realm.
returns singleton instance of datasourceviewsmanager.
helper method to format a tag.
loads the xml definition from the file.
gets the id from the request.
uncompress the compressed data.
waits for new entries to be added.
closes this reader. this implementation closes the filtered reader.
compare the remaining chars of this buffer to another char buffer's remaining chars.
writes the header of accessibility zones csv file.
average aggregate function which will add all the aggregate values and it will increment the total count every time
extracts the policy notification from the given xml string.
flushes this writer. the contents of the buffer are committed to the target writer and it is
finds a parcel object from a byte array.
decodes a field name from xml notation ( e.
checks if is login set.
adds a contentitem to the list of contentitems.
returns a canonical version of the given class name.
pause the calling thread the specified number of milliseconds.
returns the value of the highlightwithinvisibleedge property.
prepares a job to run a cancelling test.
remove wheel changed listener.
generate class fields.
checks if is flying.
initializes the cached socket factories.
removes all occurrences of a regular expression from a string.
consumes nested scroll effects.
retrieves all waypoints matching the query.
release the nox item resources.
returns the number of elements in this queue.
adds the given count to the list of values.
this method is called when the dialog is closed.
create a new file attachment for a chat channel.
adds a parameter to the list, and sets its parent to this node.
constructs a new delete event from the given json.
check if the full copy is restorable.
parses a qd name from a string, starting at the given position.
returns true if the buffer's capacity is too large, false otherwise.
resets the index buffer time.
creates the admin response for this request.
check if external storage is available and notify user about download failure.
returns either the plural or singular form of the given noun, depending on the quantity ; also
verify the validity of an element using the defidattribute.
adds a video to the adapter.
determines if the specified coordinate is in the target touch zone for a horizontal bar handle.
reads the transport systems table.
returns true if the nal prefix is present.
unshares the main hash with the current hash.
adds a configuration entry for a multifield.
returns the number of attribute names in this attribute definition.
generate array of n d - dimensional points whose coordinates are integer values in the range 0.
parses the command line parameters.
adds a http session token for a particular site.
deserializes a string representation of a gradle distribution to an instance of this class.
converts meters to pixels.
send data to the data socket.
push a new context onto the context stack.
called when the user selects a bookmarks or history picker.
instantiates a new fst.
normalizes a z - score by subtracting the mean of the z - score from the original
adds a location to the list of locations.
creates a new javaformatter.
encodes a string into its url safe form using the specified string charset.
checks if more paths need to be read.
is input column name allowed.
convert a hex color string to an rgb value.
add a property change listener.
inserts an empty row, inserts a blob, and verifies that the result set is either
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
subtract zero from zero.
restores the state of this model from the specified file.
wait for the image to load.
fill an array with the values of a minimum 4s window function.
calculates the sha - 1 digest of the given key.
returns a hashcode for the nick.
increments the number of packets received so far.
parses the text into a sentence.
sets the directory where to store data.
called when the consumer has finished its consume operation.
checks rule part with tag " prosodicposition ".
parses a bigdecimal and returns it as a bigdecimal object or null if the parsing fails
registers a new operator.
do the work before android m.
deletes sub group containers in this group container.
creates a new glowtask with the given parameters.
initialize the compiler with the given arguments.
returns true if the native device is open.
send next byte.
encodes the given object to a base64 string.
default implementation for image creation.
add one or more profiles to the existing list of profiles.
checks whether the given string is a valid java identifier.
returns true if x1 is less than x2, false otherwise.
move the location of a single node.
create a list from passed objx parameters.
adds a macro record.
adds or updates a email to an existing user if the.
returns the best hash provider for the given hash parameters.
read a fixed size of bytes from the input.
return true if x is equal to the sum of the pair ar [ 0 ] and x is
loads the addressbook from the specified file.
removes the item at the specified position.
encodes a list of types into a map.
clears all assertion information and sets assert occured to false.
add operation results to the array to be returned.
generates the branch plan for the given table using the given information schema.
add a switch port to the maintenance queue.
( since linux 3.
returns true if the two mime types are the same.
checks if is armed.
tells the builder that a range of characters is valid.
checks if java script is enabled.
compares this elliptic curve point with the specified object.
returns the name of the object.
calculates the checksum of a string.
returns true if the skin specification file is valid.
inserts the string representation of an object into this builder.
handles a mouse moved event by updating the tooltip text.
this method loads the unpacked umd if it exists.
this method is used to disable the vma for a given block object.
computes the location on a rhumb line with the given starting location, azimuth,
finds the first occurrence of the given element in the array.
returns the maximum dimensions the layout can use to lay out the components it contains.
reads the contents of an inputstream and returns it as a string.
update the moving average with a new value.
logs the expiration of a lease.
removes a ripple from the list of exiting ripples.
write string to buffer.
consumes a number of records by topic.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
compares two version strings of format " x.
returns true if the given vector is a valid vector2f.
determine if the expression is an obsessional expression.
change the speed of a block.
removes the specified child from this node.
notify all class observers of a class descriptor.
generates a dup2 instruction.
checks if mime type is application xml.
creates a native page for the given url.
throw a parseexception based on the passed in parseexception.
creates a new instance of customeditor.
constructs a memoidone operation using the given function and equality predicate.
create an eptype for a single value.
converts the given field type to the corresponding field type, if possible.
adds an xml element to the document.
find the parents of a content assoc type.
creates a new dictionary from the given inputstreams.
collapses the specified building.
this method performs an asynchronous thrift call to detach an iso from a vm.
read an error message from a nfc message reply.
show / close the pie.
persist profile to db and notify change.
adds an undoableaction to the undo stack.
creates a new array list and fills it with the elements of given array.
adds a ping time sample to the end of the array.
encode into canonical form.
tears down the fixture, for example, close a network connection.
returns a substring of the given subject.
removes a custom sashform listener.
writes a string to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for
deletes the session variables from the database.
returns a string representation of this date.
closes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
parses a string as an integer.
writes the entire resultset to a csv file.
and for two negative numbers of the same length.
verify that the given device exactly matches the given fields.
adds a window to the end of the window list.
returns a hashtable of the intersections of the specified iterators.
get the value of ttfproperty.
registers the providers for the current dev machine.
constructs a new, empty map with the specified initial capacity and load factor.
creates a new set containing the given object.
populates the stream blob.
returns the sign of the given bit anti - cyclic value.
adds a near key.
analyzes all non - primitive fields in the class.
returns true if the specified log level is enabled.
loads all memory from the given offset.
runs the test case.
returns true if this entry is critical.
finds the name of the first table, which is editable.
write the operations car file to disk.
returns true if the specified list of followers contains a new follower.
on track point element start.
general support for reporting bound property changes.
checks that the given string is a valid type name starting at the given index.
sort a sorted array of fields.
draws the background of the view.
adds the given attribute to the unique attribute map.
this method validates a deletevmresponse object, raising an exception if the response reflects an operation
runs the test case.
limits the maximum scale and x translation of the given matrix.
returns the value factory.
constructs a new statefulrefreshtoken from the specified jsonvalue.
add a style to the styles map.
extract client name from host name.
creates a future from a completablefuture.
checks if a given action is a place action.
add a view to the cache, creating it if it's not already there.
reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte array.
play the media file.
converts a panbox string to a unicode string.
encodes cache flags into an unsigned integer.
adds the data to the plot.
adds a value to the density estimator.
builds a row in the table that contains a check box.
format and parse the given text.
returns true if the given group is a child of another group.
throws an exception if the given itemindex is out of the bounds of the array.
returns null if there is no next uncovered locus info in the reference sequence.
this method is called when a global configuration is changed.
launch an email intent if the device is capable.
returns the number of elements in this set.
insert an item into the adapter.
adds the given translator to the class.
writes a string in little endian.
reads the next line from the scanner.
returns true if the element matches the regular expression.
writes the grid table to the specified file.
add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list.
adds a close hook.
executes task r in the caller's thread, unless the executor has been shut down,
updates the range of the bounding box.
check the standard upcean format.
read the configuration from the specified file.
apply the current trading bonus to the given player.
returns all the text at the given url.
creates a combined trace from a list of traces and adds all of the events to a
interrupt all running tasks.
registers the default device service types.
remove all dependency subsets from the dependencymap for the given location.
draws the chart tick lines.
always insert a tuple into a partition.
test de busqueda open ldap con atributos.
create a positive number from a string value and radix 8.
returns true if the specified character is in the specified encoding.
deletes the specified dn.
removes all mark occurrences from the text area's tags.
enqueues all successors of the given block to the worklist.
adds a role to the list of roles.
creates a new panel object.
creates a new instance with the default time zone.
called when a response message is sent to the client.
builds the index shard snapshots from the given blobs.
create a new forum post.
checks if is armed.
creates a key for an html attribute.
creates a sparse array from user supplied parameters.
get the tuple with the maximum data field value.
update the enabled state of the link buttons.
returns a string representation of two integer ids.
resets the statistics for this etag.
test convert to string.
removes the item at the specified index from the list.
shiftright ( int n ) a positive number, n > 0.
shows the dialog with the given filter.
returns the number of pixels between two points.
return true if popup should be allowed, false otherwise.
creates a new localgitrepo from the current directory.
returns a vector2 containing the smallest x and y values.
adds a test method call.
this method serializes the test data.
verifies that the blockmirror object has been successfully migrated to the database.
instantiates a new log formatter.
remove a text listener.
create idp element in dom.
clears the buffer and releases all allocated resources.
apply the camera transformation to the given opengl context.
returns a result set that contains a point.
adds the given volume wwns to the list of existing volumes if they are not already
creates a new random file with the given prefix and suffix.
partition a set of annotations on the given target types into a map of annotations on the given list
loads the contents of the file.
called when the user presses the hp button.
resolves path relative to the current directory.
initializes the tool tip manager.
decode an array of strings from an encoded string.
call this when you want to know the new location.
the bitmap of ignored signals, displayed as a decimal number.
generates a random byte array containing the process id, process id, and device serial number.
render the given value expr into a string.
stops sampling and adds a new sample.
reverse the order of the points in a list.
creates a new dsigncsr dialog for a pkcs # 10 formatted csr.
initializes the factory. either the system property or the default factory is used.
awaits completion or aborts on interrupt, returning the status of the calling thread.
clamp a value to a given range.
parse the host directory from a volume name.
formats the time to a string.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this vector in the correct order.
right justify a string.
appends all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this vector, in the
gets the current application state from the input stream and stores it in the checkpoint manager.
convert a string to utf - 8 bytes.
convert a map to a list of pairs.
validates that the given label is valid.
adds a message observer.
shows the dialog with the given initial character.
convert a byte to hex digit and append to the given buffer.
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
generates a normalized vector with the given mean and standard deviation.
this method is called when a warning has occurred during the execution of the program.
returns true if the sub name is one of the known sub names.
compute and return the source text ( all equalities and deletions ).
is this entry stored?.
computes the size of a directory recursively as a biginteger.
determine if a particular search light bit is set.
creates a new age file filter for files on any one side of a certain date range.
calculate the major tick of the axis.
moves the cursor to the next row in the result set.
add a hidden parameter to the request.
unset the ordering of two po nodes.
convert swf file to html.
writes the contents of this class file to a file.
creates a new connection object.
converts an array of objects into a vector.
notify listeners about new version.
accept a drop request.
clear the criteria and order by clause.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns the last modification date for a file or directory.
has the user chosen to import from a pkcs # 8 file?.
run a method tree as a control flow graph.
returns true if the engine is a valid engine.
asserts that two floats are equal concerning a delta.
calculates the value of d based on the current extremal indices.
loads the properties from the specified file.
replace all occurrences of the pattern.
list all jmdns properties for a given service.
return a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the other stream followed by all
read the values of this object into the stream.
creates an item label generator using default number formatters.
construct a vector2 with the given direction.
returns an adjusted power ( base 10 ) value for the given value.
removes all columns from the table.
is last invoice costing method.
set the proxy port.
fetches cluster name from cg name.
helper http function to get list of my service cards from the server.
constructs a new dkeypairchooser dialog.
samples events for a conditional migration between two colours.
returns true if the given object value is an attribute.
decode an ascii encoded string.
invoked when the value of the tree selection has changed.
remove a property change listener.
transfers a node from a condition queue onto sync queue.
creates a share intent.
creates and returns an updater for objects with the given field.
converts a map of strings to objects.
[ < rn >, + / - < rm >, lsr # < shift_
builds a rowlimitspec from the given rowlimitcontext.
returns the first layer, which is common to both this item and p_other.
remove items from stack.
save all indexes in the indexes table.
adds an item to the adapter.
executes the given command in a separate thread.
expands and selects the given location, if it exists.
moves the current token to the next non - whitespace token.
saves the provisioning validity in the shared preferences.
write the extension to the deroutputstream.
create a cluster in the specified project.
returns the value of the specified policy element.
runs the test case.
write string in text format without checking buffer size.
adds a new record and position.
calculates and returns the hash value for this message.
add a property of the given type to the rdf model.
assert that two objects are equal.
write actions of an ofinst to a string.
this method is called before an object is added to the executor.
encodes a byte array into base 64 format and breaks the output into lines.
reads a feed from the server and logs it.
rllong - read 8 bits from the input stream.
shiftright ( int n ) a positive number, n > 0.
find the dependencies for a given class in a dex file.
build the logout response url for the given tenant.
asserts that the label at the given path matches the given text.
interpolate a list of nodes.
initializes the stream tokenizer.
throw an exception if an illegal message was received.
this method is used to execute the worker thread.
read the next block of data.
this method will try to acquire the lock.
opens a datagram socket to the specified port.
returns a string describing this filter.
execute a script using spark monitoring.
disable a certain feature on this rich formatter.
remove a zwave event listener.
returns the python time in seconds since the epoch.
adds items to the end of the list.
quotes the given name if it is a java keyword.
creates a recipe object from a database cursor.
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to this method.
add statements to drop table.
returns true if the queue is not empty.
( since linux 3.
find or create a class with the given name.
reset all notes and status texts.
set ticks on a date.
writes a char sequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the given encoding
populates the navigation drawer with the required items.
runs the test case.
converts to object array.
record audit log for callhome service.
compute the mean of all elements in the array.
constructs the ntp start time from the given date.
selects a compatible media type from the list of producible types.
paints the border for the specified component with the specified position and size.
ensure the the capacity of the array.
invalidates the given buffers and unmaps them.
add a directory to the class loader.
returns true if mineshafter is present, false otherwise.
tests this renderer for equality with an arbitrary object.
returns true if the given node has at least one child node that is an element.
removes the item at the specified index from the list.
returns the number of primitive property names.
prints a string to the stream, encoded as utf - 8.
checks the given object against the given permissions.
display all string defined in string. xml.
creates an intent to launch map activity.
generate parameters for filter.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap, removing prior exif tags.
remove an attribute from the list.
extracts the slashed class name from a field signature.
paints a preview of the view.
opens the camera and starts sending preview frames to the underlying detector.
removes all the existing values from the series.
splits an array of lists of size chunk.
updates the ui of the window and all its owned windows.
clears the result list.
searches the given container for child widgets within the given bounds.
prints the given text as a symbol.
makes a shoppingcartitem from scratch.
returns a string representation of the probability table.
updates the text of the border.
adds the given classes to the hash set.
resets the reference list.
decode the mpi as a biginteger.
this method is called when the schema of a service has changed.
sort a vector of nodes.
parses, validates and computes normalized version of date object.
adds the message to the queue.
converts a string to a dbid.
write a short, 32 - bits.
prints a long followed by a newline.
instantiates a new thrift service metadata.
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height, and with new zero
converts a constraint violation exception to an external exception.
check the start of a block.
loads the layers and layers from the specified url.
returns true if the message is suppressed by any of the answers in the list.
creates a properties object from a map of strings.
selects the first node matching the query.
get an array of strings from a properties object.
compares two locales for order.
execute a sql query that returns a result set.
adds a distinct entry to a list.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
ends a transaction by closing the given connection.
creates a new panel object.
doubles the capacity of the list.
change the name of the openam file.
computes the full url given a base url and a link.
loads the package information from the manifest.
converts the given types to raw types.
adds the given column at the specified position.
readdata - - input the bit stream.
removes a display from the list of displays.
returns a random number from the distribution ; bypasses the internal state.
notify all listeners of an event.
updates the port of the contact header.
create a new http client with the given user agent.
adds entry to cache.
add a geojson feature for the back edge of the street.
test with no solutions.
deletes the given file or logs a warning if it fails.
removes the attribute at the specified index from the array.
add a group member.
creates a logger with the specified name and resource bundle.
increment the value of a bin.
ensures that an argument passed as a boolean expression is valid.
adds a map of fields to the document.
returns true if the stringlist contains the string match, ignoring case.
computes the median absolute value.
initialize known plugins.
stops the running process.
sets the connection keep alive flag.
creates a new request configured to upload a video to the user's default video album.
wraps a protocol buffer with a checkedmessage, verifies the checksum.
creates and joins a multicast socket.
checks whether the selected example set meta data is valid or not.
validates whether the will option is set.
creates a new berinputstream with the given initial size.
returns a new member with the given type and port.
encodes the line suffix.
checks if is system font.
add url to be loaded.
adds the given fields to this document.
instantiates a new appraisegitreviewclient.
create a new view of the root block.
creates the soap request object.
tests that the inner enums are correctly typed.
returns a string representation of this uri.
javax. net. ssl. hostnameverifier # verify ( string hostname, java. security.
returns true if the file is in the target directory.
skips characters until the next character is the specified character.
removes from this list all of its elements that are contained in the specified collection.
internal helper method to compare and set tail.
returns a new phone object with the specified value.
loads the specified resource bundle.
returns the set of storage pools that are associated with the remote copy settings.
converts the specified string to html.
adds the given lock to the list of acquired locks.
evaluates the uf4 problem.
reloads the model with a new value.
returns a string representation of a move.
creates an accelerated image for the given target component with the given width and height.
display the current state of the fileout.
writes a string to a writer.
ensure the internal array's capacity.
decrements the reference count.
convert an x500principal object to an x500name object.
asserts that the given resource describes the given resource.
checks if is flat.
builds limited networks tab list.
evaluates the given set of tokens as a rpn.
adds all the x - values in the specified series to the dataset.
exits program with specified exit code.
compares two terms by split emitted terms.
merges this aabb with another.
returns the name of the inner class of the current stack.
flush any pending events, which can be used to indicate to the user that they are waiting for
adds the default distribution set layouts.
constructs an extendedtype with the given parameters.
validates a new addition.
start the mock consumer thread.
undoes the last action.
removes the given column.
returns a string describing the histogram.
peeks a sample from the input source.
scans the blocklet and fills the scan result.
returns the hashcode for the condition.
balances all segments in the acct schema.
create a new annotation drawer.
checks if user output has partitions.
insert a string into the text area.
reads a code point, possibly preceded by a surrogate pair.
put an int value out to the specified byte array position in big - endian format.
creates a new item with the specified symbol, label and font.
called when a tag is found.
returns the amount of regen consumed.
adds an outer join qualifier.
splits the string into an array of directories.
retrieves and removes the head of this queue, waiting if necessary until an element with an expired
add a listener to be notified of swipe events.
returns the number of patterns in the pattern set.
writes a byte in wsp format to the given output stream.
add two negative numbers of the same length.
adds a header to the request.
store the certificate and key pair.
appends a base type to the pointer hierarchy.
sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns the last element of the set.
sleeps for the specified number of milliseconds.
searches the vector for the index of the specified element.
check if a given set of modifiers implies package access.
writes the gathered data tab - separated into a text file.
instantiates a new managed window decorator.
write a number of bytes.
logs a debug message.
send update notifications to listeners.
return true if the remote endpoint can rebalance.
create a sld from a file.
inserts properties into the template.
changes the specified component's font according to the specified style.
draws the contours of a mat using the specified color.
saves an x. 509 certificate to a file.
clear the list of listeners that will be notified when the central position changes.
invokes the specified parameterless method if it exists.
returns true if the fill - below - line is currently enabled.
called when a patch service result is received.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
checks if the packet is a stanza.
executes the action handler for the given form, event type, and key pressed.
returns true if the bean needs an update, false otherwise.
clear the given view map.
load the logical tables with the given granularities.
reads a block of data from the input stream.
add a new subscription to the client.
creates a new instance of x.
creates a new process object from the given xml string.
instantiates a new consul topology fraction.
builds the regular expression used to match qualifiers with the given value.
returns a shortened version of the given name.
blends two colors by a given weight.
( since linux 3.
decides which ui to use based on the system properties and the options.
converts an image to a bufferedimage.
parses an array. returns null if the array is empty.
returns the list of all available terminal nodes with the given return type.
removes the specified sensor selection listener.
writes a single character.
test the dex class loader.
register ttl manager for cleanup thread.
makes a java. sql. time from separate ints for hour, minute, and second.
initialize the logger and the key store.
converts native platform image data to platform image bytes.
removes stacking markers from a filename if present.
discard a service registrar.
returns true if the given state is a final state.
generates a sequence of markers for a given protein length.
writes the settings block for the figtree file.
returns a hash code value for this object.
compares this map with another.
the start of a dtd declaration.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image, removing prior exif tags.
cleans up the database by dropping the database, create the user database, drop the database,
create a template model exception for method argument invalid value.
compress a string for use in zlib encoding.
loads the map for the given extension and mime type.
receive notification of the beginning of a dtd.
converts the timestamp in the format yyyyMMdd to yyyymmdd.
encodes a byte array to a base64 string.
prints a double followed by a newline.
returns a string representation of the ip address and prefix.
returns true if the zk host contains the chroot.
perform the given operation on the named database if it exists.
returns a hash code value for this object.
returns a new instance of this fragment for the given section number.
import a trl table.
instantiates a new result file reader.
called when an asynchronous operation fails.
returns true if the given identifier should be excluded.
returns true if this exception was caused by a communication error.
returns true if the underlying data structure is reliable.
pushes a type onto the output frame stack.
get the max value plus one for a short.
report a bound property change.
encode special characters in the given value.
creates relative database entities required for storage policy testing.
creates a new page from its inherited values.
add key / value pair to map.
saves the bootprop to a jar file.
append a file to a printwriter.
write timestamp in binary format.
calculate the difference between two soundex encoded strings.
parse morpha tags from a string.
deletes the given file.
return a path for a check mark.
initializes the DiskBasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory.
creates a new instance of tcpsocket.
this method is called when the user chooses to cut a bean.
adds a remover to the manager.
actionlistener interface, gets called when an action occurs.
adds a new entry to the list.
ensure the size of the children array.
creates a new instance of uuid.
creates a new prettyprinter with the specified number of spaces.
renders the specified handler.
constructs the tsdb scope string.
creates a new selector and registers it with the niosession.
multiply two positive numbers of the same length.
processes a received message from a follower request.
execute a sql select statement.
returns the current time in nanoseconds.
test of clone method, of class format.
sends a request to the server and returns a future representing the successful response.
returns true if the string is null or 0 - length.
enables the given capability to depend on this attribute type.
extracts the robot debug variables from a stack trace.
add an integer to the config.
maps full width letter to half width.
asserts that two collections contain the same elements, regardless of the order in which the elements appear
returns true if the response code and requestmethod have a body.
returns the number of pending messages that can be read from the network.
atomically adds the given value to the current value.
returns true if the action should be executed after a delay.
move the cursor to the specified column in forward or backwards direction, or forward direction if forward is
checks if the message should be dispatched or not, and if so, dispatch it.
deletes a set of volumes from a zone export masks.
shuts down the writer threads.
paints the icon associated with the specified component.
zooms the image so that it fits on the screen.
returns a list of shard / channel mappings.
returns true if the file is hidden ( i.
check if a scrollview can be scrolled vertically.
loads the jar file into a jarinfo object.
invalidate the title sortable list.
add a new row to the probability table.
creates a jar with the given file name and the given content.
go to the given day.
returns true if v is in the set.
close a jdbc connection.
adds details about a specific message box, so that if it needs to be reset, you
adds a color map listener.
compute the p - distances for all objects.
appends the given suffix to the given string if it does not already end with the given suffix
request all file systems, return as a json object.
creates a new external problem using the specified process's input and output streams.
check if a networkmonitor with the given name exists.
adds a list of query predicates to the and clause.
add a roll to the end of the list.
checks the canonical user options.
quietly closes the specified closeable object.
push an encrypted message onto the queue.
returns a random number between min ( inclusive ) and max ( exclusive ).
test with no hasnext ( ) and close ( ) methods.
pushes a new pspgelist onto the drawlistqueue.
populate the task list.
get the tuple with the maximum data field value.
returns the tip text for this property.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
start scrolling based on a fling gesture.
add a listener to be notified when the navigator changes.
below method will be used to close the stream.
computes the patience ( or [ 0, k ] ) for a regression model.
creates a list of series names from a 2 - dimensional array of data.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
send a fatal log message.
expands the given number string at the given index.
returns true if the two strings are either null or equal.
this method is called to execute the command.
returns true if all directors were used in rule 17, false otherwise.
stops the server, interrupting the accept thread and closing the server socket.
expand a system identifier to an absolute identifier, strictly on the base system identifier.
free a message to be reused.
compares the contents of this builder to another, ignoring the case of the characters to determine if they
converts a uuid to a long value.
adds a vm argument.
apply a visitor to a field.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
test taking a screenshot.
unlink target volumes from a snapshot session.
reverse a directed edge sequence.
change a part of a filter expression.
read a line of text.
adds items to the scene.
returns the url of the home page.
checks if the specified reader has taxonomy information.
removes the listener from the collection of listeners who will be notified when the user changes the receiver '
replace the node with the given type.
handles save button request.
removes the maximum value in a subtree and returns the updated subtree.
atomically removes all of the elements from this deque.
this method is called when the download progress has been calculated.
constructs a treenode with the given parameters.
constructs a new instance, based on a particular date / time and the default time zone.
returns the code attribute or null if there is none.
creates a new binaryoutputstream writing to the specified file.
reads a class descriptor from the stream.
create a new file.
or for zero and one.
execute a set of columns in a preparedstatement.
instantiates a new config.
ensures that a string is not null and not empty.
cancels all unnamed tasks in the queue.
returns the minimum and maximum values in the specified list.
creates a new criteria instance.
unescapes the character identified by the character or characters that immediately follow a backslash.
updates the queryparams with the values from the authentications map.
add spaces around spans until the text is fixed, and then remove the unneeded spaces.
removes the bookmark tracking icons.
creates a new simplemetricgroup with the given name and stream of metrics.
returns true if the given point is inside the bounding box of this node.
loads the protocol manager factories.
returns a list of all non - loopback and non - link local host addresses.
caculate the sample size of a bitmap.
checks if the entity has the given status.
returns a string representation of the classifier.
computes the sha - 256 hash of the prf seed and the md5 digest of the
adds a channel map to this model.
adds the specified object to the priority queue.
put a resource into the cache.
parses a comma - separated list of uid ranges and returns an array of uidranges
replaces a suffix in a value.
executes claimed task in async mode.
creates the navi project directory.
method to handle update button.
compiles a class from a class file.
get an iterator over the targets.
fit the size of the main window to the size of the scrolled content.
returns the hash code value for this object name.
build a map pool - name = > pool - index.
creates new dcryptokeypair dialog where the parent is a dialog.
creates the vertical separator.
adds the specified object at the end of the array.
builds the values from the realmresults.
generates the signature, including the salt, hash, and trailer bytes.
and for a negative and a positive numbers ; the first is longer.
write a portion of an array of bytes.
open file intent.
converts a date string into a sql date object.
rounds the given value to the nearest integer value.
creates a new plaintext component with the given short.
copies the attribute and its annotations to a new constant pool.
returns a string representation of the changes made by the service catalog.
creates an instruction that executes the given block in the current thread.
checks if the given file can be written.
returns a string representation of this oid.
reads the values of this attribute from the given bytecodeparser.
skip ( int n ) method testing.
adds a character to the string buffer.
returns the hash code of the object.
performs a cholesky decomposition on the given matrix.
finds the ids of the crossings between two cells.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
constructs a repositorylocation with the given name and path components.
this method will be used to add a carbon property to the configuration.
creates the delta tree for the given delta.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns the number of key - value pairs in this map.
replace all occurrences of a substring within a string with another string.
returns true if the given coordinate is inside the given zone.
returns the tip text for this property.
instantiates a new xwaves label file reader.
parses a double safely. returning a default if nothing can be sanely parsed from it
registers an application with the id table.
adds a profile to the server.
prints the specified character to the target.
initializes the block views in the workspace.
clears all trails associated with the given token id.
creates a new dsubjectalternativename dialog.
parses a list of integers into an array of integers.
creates new exception with given error message.
randomly scrambles the array to fit the size of the screen.
parse a sip message header.
converts a color from srg color space to rgb space.
logs a usage record beginning.
rotate point p around center point c.
returns true if the given word is pronounceable.
adds split edges to the graph.
creates a new instance of ioreader.
constructs a new, empty membasedcache.
updates the max text widths used to determine the maximum width of the contents and required widths
enable / disable the overview menu.
handle a mouseentered mouselistener event.
this method retrieves the children of the given page from zookeeper.
makes the given visitor visit this annotation.
adds ids to the filter.
stop the monitoring service.
normalizes the request url by removing the port and query string.
reads a call from the given input stream, and serializes it to the given output stream.
commits the local transaction.
adds object class to an entry if it does not exist.
populate the ward boundary list.
read a name from the given file descriptor.
concatenates two characters into one.
returns the log - odds of a given probability.
atomically updates the waiting thread that a queue is not empty.
fills the tree with leafs.
returns the number of nodes in the graph.
adds a host to the blacklist.
adds a node to the lop.
overridden to avoid implementation dependency.
returns the sample standard deviation ( sigma ).
inserts or refreshes an entry in the bucket.
translates the current transform.
writes the font, size, and stroke properties to a stream.
write a number of whitespace characters.
compute the relative overlap of two spatialcomparables.
called when the auto - draw button is clicked.
attempts to load at least the given number of bytes in input buffer.
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send.
sorts the given method descriptors.
parses a property list.
returns true if the type's package contains the given annotation.
builds the tooltip for a node.
remove item click listener.
looks for a position that is selectable.
returns a string that is the given string padded on the right to the given length.
collation matching rule names.
returns true if the given class is cache - safe on the given loader, i.
writes the contents of this table to the specified output stream.
create a part from encoded and decoded strings.
creates the epoch months for the given year and year - range.
converts a class descriptor to its internal name.
register a bean with the given description.
checks correctness of the state after unmarshalling.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
perform an asynchronous collect operation.
convert from the type used by the reflection accessors to the type used by the accessors.
registers a manufacturer specific builder.
copies the reil code from a node.
apply any properties that have been overridden to the mime - type headers.
reads the contents of a reader and returns it as a string.
compute the similarity between two lanes.
force the cache to overflow.
returns the index of the first occurrrence of the given string.
prepares the operand to be used in a dynamodb request.
divide a multivariate normal distribution using the brownian bridge algorithm.
returns the public id of the ejb - xml version of the given document type.
merges two lists of coordinates.
prints an integer to standard output and flushes standard output.
copies the text from the currently selected charfield to the clipboard.
handles save button request.
build the description label.
instantiates a new http method client.
instantiates a new pss algorithm.
decodes a text value from the given byte array.
extracts all values from a collection using an extractor.
whether the stack is running on a zte device.
normalizes a given string by replacing all characters with characters of the given encoding.
returns lowest node. this node might not be in range, so most usages need to check
returns the number of key - value pairs in this object.
construct a line from a stack of points, the thickness, and the colors array to use
converts a biginteger to an unsigned byte array.
approximates the length of a 2d array of controlpoints.
maps a mouseevent to a drop operation.
adds an assignment to the update clause.
return true if there is a value to step.
creates the icon markers.
check if there is a network connection.
assigns a ui thread for the specified subscriber.
validates the dynamic attribute set in the policy properties.
check if the given type is an instance of the given class, i.
initialize the warlist and warnx.
add a command to the menu bar.
connects to the gatt server hosted on the bluetooth le device.
computes the density of a normal distribution.
draws a given shape.
this method is called when the test harness is teared down.
loads a list of groups from an input stream.
atomically sets the value to the given value.
creates a list of equality keys for the given node.
convert a collection to a string, with separator.
decode a base64 string to a byte array.
removes all premove drops.
clearbit ( int n ) the zero number.
stop the progress bar.
encode the dn name in der form to the stream.
makes the training instance dirty.
returns a list containing all of the elements in this deque, in proper sequence ( from first to
removes the given connection from the set of connections managed by this cache.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
splits a prefix into its constituent parts.
converts a hex string to an unsigned long.
returns the standard error of the sample skew.
load the policyqualinfotablemodel with policyqualinfo list.
run a script from a reader.
returns the first or last markersegment of the given class.
remove all of the given values from this filterable.
resets the status of the response.
removes item at current put position, advances, and signals.
save or close the dialog.
adds a message to the message store.
blocking subscribe to the given observable printing the result to the console.
calculates a nice number for the given range.
copies a header from a request.
track a metric and send it to the server.
put all of the fields in the specified collection whose names match the acceptable field names.
finds the resource with the given base resource name, using the given class loader to load resources.
returns the textual representation of this text builder using the specified formatter.
returns true if the attribute value at the given index has been specified.
constructs a new statarchivereader for the named archive.
initialize the adb server socket address.
reads a block from a given location.
returns true if the given tag name is one of the known tag names.
shuts down the jvm.
returns true if the given row is expanded.
returns the index of the first character after the label.
adds a listener to the set listening to this animation.
constructs a new httpmethodinfo object.
tests repeated byte field equality ; null - value fields are considered equal.
draws text at the given coordinates.
updates the state of the current race.
returns true if the parameter is required.
send data to receiver.
print the matrix to the output stream.
constructs a set from the specified map.
removes all biomes of this type from the list of biomes allowed to spawn on this planet
calculates the requirements of a layout iterator tiled into the specified sizerequirements.
converts an integer to a string, prepended with a variable amount of'0'pad characters
creates an ldap filter from a filter set.
sends the given byte array as a blob instruction to the gate.
define the labels of the data.
returns a copy of the original set with the intervaltomerge merged with the intervaltomerge.
a gstring variant of the equivalent gstring method.
adds a node to the list of nodes.
print text to the console.
trims the value of this vector to be exactly the same as the size.
recursively divides data into sub - arrays.
asserts that the specified threads are alive after the specified delay.
instantiates a new abstract worker manager.
invoked when a message is received.
inserts p_net_no_arr into the queue via p_net_no_
returns true if the distinct projection buffer size or the incoming bindings buffer size exceeded the threshold.
converts a string to a byte array.
returns the maximum width of all items.
write a portion of an array of characters.
rounds this point to the left side of p_direction.
determines the host to use for proxying the specified target.
add a source position and a reference position.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list in the correct order.
returns true if the thread is running.
unwrap vcf from source file to tmp file.
registers a user in the database.
creates a select statement with the given columns.
test if mbeaninterface can be accessed on baseclass.
convert a templatesequencemodel to a set of strings.
instantiates a new jks keystore.
writes a location to the output.
get the offset into a vtable.
evaluates the xpath expression to a string.
converts an array of netty headers to armeria headers.
calculates the rms value of an audio file.
initialize the shader program.
checks if the given alias exists in this keystore.
inverts the selected relations of the table.
float value of a negative bigdecimal.
binds the key store.
draws the connector centers around the block.
returns true if the given handle is a merge instruction.
load the default trustmanager from the keystore.
returns true if the current element is inside a document element, false otherwise.
creates a new threadpool with the given size.
invokes the specified method on the specified object with the specified parameters, or throws an exception if
clears the vertex state.
adds a new helper text color, which should be used to highlight the helper text, which
moves the clock to the next minute.
creates a new listbasedtokenstream.
resolves the specified class using the current classloader.
returns a new map that is a subset of the original map.
find the first occurrence of a key in a range [ fromindex, toindex ].
adds a synthetic edge to the result.
add an array of states.
overridden to avoid exposing implementation details.
retries regenumkeyex ( ) max_attempts times before giving up.
adds a task to the tasker.
initialize the compute shader.
sorts the values in this array.
create an object from a byte buffer.
generates a group name for a given policy name.
asserts that the column types of the result set match the expected ones.
creates a new defaultactiongroup with the given actions.
add a new row to the table.
pushes a term onto the pending list.
create a numeric literal.
atomically sets the head value to the given value.
returns the set of dependency kinds that have been removed for the given node.
create a new map with the specified aggressive concurrency level.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection via the named event.
reads and returns the next non - whitespace character.
return an iterator over the literal result attributes.
extracts a map of name / value pairs from the given string.
constructs a priority queue that contains the elements of another collection.
returns the resource id for this node, or null if there is none.
returns true if the session is initialised.
denormalize a charsequence so that it is syntactically correct.
save a configuration as a container configuration.
returns true if the operation was aborted.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
skip ( long. maxvalue ) method testing.
gets data from a web file.
prints a boolean to standard output and flushes standard output.
creates new instance of ipcsharedmemoryspace.
closes the database connection.
creates a new version object by adding the given qualifier to the list of qualifiers.
perform a 16bit load where the sign extended result fills the return value.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
unregisters a baggage handler.
constructs a dataset with the specified parameters.
compare two arrays in the same order and check if they are equal.
collects text from the text buffer and sets it as the first text node.
unproxy the given annotation.
parses an xpath expression.
adds the given section to the list of tickmark sections.
calculates the q - i value for a given function and lambda.
flushes the print stream.
deletes a range of characters.
adds a plotter to the plotters list.
utility for ceiling, floor, lower, higher methods.
adds a listener to the list of listeners.
find a subsequence of the input sequence that matches the pattern.
performs the specified action on the specified fault.
returns true if the given string contains whitespace characters.
decodes the given encoded string using the given coder.
performs validation on a set of strings.
adds the given values to the current value.
list all user accounts for the specified owner.
computes the function for the given input and output positions.
adds a long value to the request.
returns a negative integer, zero, or a positive integer as the first argument is greater.
adds a listener to be notified when the check box is changed.
calculates the bounds of the area that should be drawn at the given index.
computes the sum of all numerator and denominators of this g coefficient and returns the result.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns the offset of the first static field in the class.
send a warning log message.
remove the first element from the array.
handles actions from within the property panel.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer src, bytebuffer [ ]
upgrades the server instance properties.
creates a new instance of the given class.
pops a type from the output frame stack.
create a sip msrp session.
create a new forum post.
draws a mark at the specified location.
invoked when component has been resized.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
sets the label value to the given value if not already set.
writes a byte array.
update the point with the new values.
blocks until all threads have finished executing.
clamp the horizontal bounds of the dragged child view.
instantiates a new wrapper.
converts a x - value to a panel coordinate.
forwards the request to the next endpoint.
returns the primary keys of the table.
reads a 64 - bit unsigned integer in big - endian format from the given stream.
translates a leaf to a prefix token.
adds the given record to the list of records.
enqueue a message to be sent by the scheduler.
wakes up node s with given match.
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array, with the given string as a separator
finds the object binding for the given key.
initialize the compute shader.
checks if the task completed with success or failure from the response from singe request.
center set of nodes half way between left and right most node in the list.
appends the given text to the text body.
restores the state of the adapter from the saved instance state.
constructs a new hour instance.
undo the last operation.
check if the fe app is connected using wifi.
closes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
returns true if the extension set is empty.
instantiates a new process.
extract music id from media id.
verify identity. getscope ( ) returns systemscope.
builds the array of parameters to be used for the given method.
returns true if this cellset contains the specified cell.
creates a new simplex noise generator with the given seed.
converts to primitive array.
process new lines from the log file.
initializes the lookup map.
returns a string representation of this format constraint.
readdata - - input the block from din.
adjusts the indentation level by the number of deltas.
returns the current capacity of this buffer.
generate a code string token from the input.
get a random string between min and max value.
test verifies that the reopen ( ) method is working properly.
searches the given paths for a file with the given relative path.
returns true if this file has a critical extension, false otherwise.
formats the given value according to the choice limits.
load repository configuration from jvm parameters.
soft sign in to the url.
viewalterandcommandcache does not cache the result.
returns true if the given unit is approximate.
creates an element in the specified document with the specified namespace and prefix.
modifies the content of a file.
in the next state, update the population.
test the listing of the options.
computes the elevation of a lat / lon pair.
called when the size of the view has changed.
remove a turntable object from the list.
notification of the end of an element being reached.
convert an image to an nd4j matrix.
creates a new instance of filesystemutils.
returns the current number of scheduled tasks.
constructs a new dgeneralnamechooser dialog.
destroys the current scene.
adds a limited mitre join between two linesegments.
discards any characters outside of the base64 alphabet, per the requirements on page 25 of rfc
multiply two numbers of different scales.
limits the given lease duration to the given limit.
converts a cookie path to a cookie path.
formats a double value as a simple decimal string.
creates a new generator with the specified date formatter.
make a unique id for the given snmpobject.
adds the attribute to the cache.
reads a policy from the given stream.
this method extracts the value from the infokey and adds it to the stringset of
this is called when the view is detached from the recyclerview.
loads the given file into the table.
tries to open a stream that contains gzip compressed data.
returns the hashcode for the object.
creates a prefix query for the given field, with the given prefix length, for example, "
creates a subject for a given amuser.
makes sure the capacity and size of the vector can accomodate the given index.
do the normal command line list.
load the image for a hex.
triangulate a pointset.
encodes the given byte array using the base64urlencode method.
writes out a java field specification object.
reads default serializable fields from stream.
parses the content of the supplied reader into this object, using the supplied baseuri as the
removes the destination statement from the given text.
replaces unprintable characters by their escaped ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given string.
adds a file to the classpath.
inserts new items at the specified position in the list.
replace the current values with the contents of the specified collection.
returns a buffer that contains the major version number.
set the document source to be created.
creates the data to sign from the given digest.
if the request has been modified since the given time.
returns the absolute path of the temporary journal.
create an array of the given type with the given dimensions.
starts or resumes playing one or more animations in the specified order.
prints the error message.
get the request statistics.
apply l1 regularization term to x.
this method cannot be called directly.
returns all the text at the given url.
loads the move participants for the given element.
determines the preference vector for the specified neighbor.
paint the arrow in disabled state.
flipbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
called when a user is ready to go.
returns true if there are more events to process.
extracts an xmp from an input stream.
initialize the given validator.
performs a cross - over operation on bayesnet representation.
resets this cipher and sets the state to the initial value.
creates a new user perspective.
calculates the phred error for a given error value.
returns a string representation of the given type.
encode the header content into a string.
expect the given token types.
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate3 ( ). updates values in one column in the table
this test ensures that null values are set correctly.
check if this type is assignable from the given type.
inserts chq bounce penalty into egdemanddetail table.
instantiates a new sample info.
handle the maintenance request.
time the event and update the statistics.
checks if the given bytecode version string represents a jdk 1.
adds a mapping mapping to this index.
finds the specified template file in the specified path.
initializes the DiskBasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory.
add a circularprogressviewlistener to the listener list.
creates a new thread object.
renders the glyph to the given graphics object.
reset the list of retained variables to the given list of replaced variables.
releases the application context back to the pool.
delete all the tables in the database.
find a category by id.
marks a default session token as removed for a particular site.
creates a new exchange with the given request and origin.
computes the alpha value of a discard amount.
converts unix time to filetime.
generates a random iv and encrypts this plain text with the given key.
removes the given address from this user.
ensures correct size of the widget.
report the end of an element.
verify if the product has been migrated from the home directory.
returns an array of the spans in the history.
formats the given message with the given arguments.
inserts the prosody settings into the utterance.
create a folder at the given path.
translates the matrix after a rotate.
creates the ticker text.
adds the protocol type to the list of protocols if it does not already exist.
returns a string representation of the receiver.
adds the key to the hash table.
loads the configuration from the specified resource.
writes a log message to the stream.
draws the title on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer )
construct a public key from its encoding.
returns the number of hits that match the query.
returns true if the expression is true.
adds a header to the response.
perform an asynchronous max operation.
writes a character followed by a newline.
tests writing an empty record.
commits this session to the database.
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate7 ( ). updates values in one column in the table
extracts the indent string of the given line.
does the work of getting the path.
check if the status line matches the pattern and add it to the container if not.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_down, result is negative ; distance = - 1
encodes a string using the specified charset.
called when the slide button is pressed.
adds any sticky draweritems to the drawer.
test whether to log'finest'at'finest'level.
resets the tree to its initial ( empty ) state.
returns the closest float approximation of the sine of the argument.
method to extract data from the stego signature, this method is called when the signature is extracted
create a related session id from an encrypted session id.
compute a cardinal spline, a series of cubic bezier splines smoothly connecting a set of
returns true if the queue matches seq.
compares two comparable objects.
check root by superuser.
adds a new expression to the end of the expression list.
executes the given task while synchronizing on the given iterator.
finds a component by it's name.
this is used to determine if the specified class is the fingerprint implementing class.
writes an float field value.
extracts the column keys from a line of a csv file.
draws a rhombus polygon.
convert and fill bytebufferlist to bytearraylist.
helper method to instantiate a class.
generates a derived key from the password and salt.
tests system run finalization returns even if queue is empty.
show the keyguard window.
computes the width of a string.
checks if an accessibilityevent passes a sanity check.
this method gets called when an action occurs.
convert a localdate to a string.
creates a new datasourcemetadata instance.
returns email object with the specified value.
instantiates a new address lookup.
adds the given listener to the list of listeners.
constructs a node with the specified parameters.
construct a new cell with the specified span.
adds a new element to the stack.
create a new format from a string.
returns true if the specified interval is equal to this interval.
returns the given url relative to the base url.
start the task. the task will be running if it's in the initial state or if
create a new journal index.
closes the plog file.
parses the first consonant.
create a new buddypanelcontroller.
compiles the given javac file and returns the output of the compilation.
park the thread and return true if interrupted.
returns an array of all available gpu platforms.
add a dependency to the action request.
check if object is a date.
convert config object to xml.
builds a quadrilateral from a set of points.
heapify - up method for 2-ary heap.
insert a key - value pair into the trie.
unlocks to allow both puts and takes.
returns true if the filename is in the sub - format.
write the constant to the output stream.
merges the given properties into the current properties, optionally resetting any existing properties.
adds a network listener.
appends the content prefix to the buffer.
adds an error listener.
validates a class name.
imports the base types of a module.
builds the matrix ( old ) from the given dom node.
record file system related event and audit.
creates a core token service exception.
creates a new dviewkseframe dialog.
computes the vm paths for the dev of the given java project.
normalizes the given number by removing leading zeroes and leading zeroes.
skip the vector until the index is reached.
removes an organization configuration.
removes a group listener.
constructs a setchangelogmapping with the given source, task name, and partition number.
extracts the key from the name.
calculates the space between the first two fingers.
transforms a map of string keys and values.
creates a new component manager with the given general seeds and components.
removes all observers from this object.
unsynchronize a byte array.
calculate the general encryption key.
creates a new message capture.
unzips a byte array.
inserts an item into a combobox.
allows the caller to pause executing this coroutine method.
returns true if the output contains a python error.
convert a number in json notation to a string.
convert a string to a map.
returns an unmodifiable set view of the keys contained in this map.
called when the audiomirror is being started.
creates a new instance of propagationimp.
instantiates a new native runner.
returns a string with the specified indent height.
reduces a calendar by setting all fields to zero.
surrounds a string with a prefix and a suffix.
returns the nearest point, if it is not in the list of pts, otherwise returns null.
trim or pad the given string.
schedule the session to the timer pool.
generate and encapsulate a random session key.
logs information about the current os.
before a value, replacing the current scope with the new value.
hash the input string.
the format of this native guid is transportzone.
tests whether a servlet with the name and jsp file can be added.
returns true if the value is equal to the other value.
prints an error message.
remove an event listener.
creates a new execution system with the given uri and environment.
returns true if the given type is a sqf command.
send a report to the client.
returns true if the string starts with any of the prefixes.
test sort order of datatype.
handle a mouseclicked mouselistener event.
format values for sql command.
paint top edge of content border.
analyzes all braesses and writes the results to a file.
executes a sql update.
returns the current time in milliseconds since the beginning of the current thread.
creates a new ldif entry with the given lines.
clears the list of highlights for the parser.
read a 16 bit short, 16 bits.
formats an integer into a byte array.
appends the given character array to this buffer.
checks if the given user has permission to view the given order header.
returns true if this is an annotation class.
returns true if the given basic block is equivalent to this block.
calculates the checksum of this file.
returns true for a long label.
instantiates a new secret block.
install package normal by system intent.
creates the insert list.
read the metadata of an outline file.
decodes the run length.
reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte [ ].
constructs a no - duplicate value global parameter constraint.
inflates an overlay from the given configuration string.
returns a brute - force hash of seed that matches target, or null if no match.
creates a new fancyloader.
returns true if the source code of the resource has changed since the last compile.
performs the specified flip action on the current back buffer.
load value from property string value.
returns a map of all namespaces found on the given soap element.
draw the hook ( if any ).
convert a bitmap to a byte array.
responds to the continue button.
flush a pending ptp message.
resets the display cache and clears the id cache.
copy a directory recursively.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
record the log file.
loads a list of rewrites from a string.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
called when a connection closes a read.
handle an http request.
create a negative number from an array of bytes.
formats the given double value.
removes a collection of positions from the list.
resets the bounds of the shape to be equal to the current bounds.
convert a string to a colour.
returns the rank of the matrix.
executes a modifiable variable modification using random access.
saves the given content to the given file.
delete old temp files.
flush the unisolated connection to the repository.
convert a byte array to a jpeg image.
despawn the specified visible object.
returns the topic for the event with the given event id.
returns the result of the match.
extracts a project constraint set from the given zip file.
decodes a quoted - printable string into its original form using the default charset.
creates a copy of the original extent and copies it to the target extent.
returns the class object associated with the current thread.
helper method for setting the stroke style.
convert a color to an angle in degrees.
parses an old bounded size.
adds an encoded query parameter to this url.
creates an image link.
creates a new namespace object.
atomically decrements by one the current value.
update the bubble data.
remove all elements from the array.
locks both puts and takes.
removes all the entries from the cache.
updates the podcast's publication date and the last episode media url.
remove our ui defaults.
makes the object immutable.
compute the k - nearest neighbors of a query.
returns a sortedset containing the positions in the given set that are between the given startposition and
appends the id to the given string buffer.
creates a new available migration with the given version.
receive notification of a comment.
draws an image scaled to x - values with a given transform.
sets up the page display.
resets the selarray to the empty state.
add raw nvp parameter.
returns the number of elements in this set.
like datainputstream. readunsignedint except little endian.
get all countries for an address type.
adds a listener interested in the progress of the animation.
makes the object immutable.
adds the given component to the list of components.
opens the given url.
invalidates the specified line.
constructs a bytebandedraster with the given samplemodel.
initialize this uri from another uri.
removes and returns last element, if present.
returns true if a timer notification of the specified type has been registered for the refresh.
reads the output of the process.
fill the header and the footer with the data model.
adds an operand to the instruction.
calculate total collected amt.
skips specified number of bytes.
removes all ims from this user.
escapes a string for use in ascii encoding.
sets the content by reading from the given reader and using the given encoding.
clears all dictionaries from the surrogate key generator's dictionary cache.
converts an array of objects into a type argument string.
renames a file.
executes a command in a separate thread.
returns a set of all variable / method kind names for the given flags.
returns the length of the string.
this method serializes a digest response.
populates the combos with all available services.
find the encoding to use for the given media type and http headers.
converts a given bufferedimage to a java.
sets the start time to the current time.
move to the next view.
checks if is hh.
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
add a method to the cache.
setbit ( int n ) the leftmost bit in a positive number.
destroy the beans in the view scope and in the context.
close an output stream.
returns the node at the specified index.
returns the visible width of a character.
create a directory if it does not already exist.
creates a new instance with the given base timestamp.
converts a list of coordinates into a latlng string.
extract the weight values for the specified synapses into an array of doubles.
flush the buffer and close the jdbc connection.
returns true if the bloom filter contains the given hash list.
ensures that the internal byte buffer is large enough for the given number of additional data.
returns true if the given number is a valid phone number for this country.
trims trailing'/'from the uri if present.
get the next classification key and list of classes.
adds the given alpha value to the given color.
stop the server and release all resources.
copies the contents of the local state array into the local known state array.
attempts to read a response message from the database.
adds an element to the queue, blocking if necessary until the queue is empty.
instantiates a new translatable component.
adds a part to this multipart message at the specified index.
inserts the value into this builder.
returns true if the given nature and weapon are equal.
dumps the state of the storage manager to the logger.
this method is called when the connection to the server is established.
tries to find a conversion from source to target.
advances the api up to the given time.
this method calls proc updateuserroles and updates the values passed.
builds and sends option request.
perform a test based on the provided properties.
adds the given resource to the list of resources to be deleted.
compute the maximum of two values.
adds a container to the list of containers that are used to store the image.
calls the super method and writes the approximation of the knn distances of
adds a method to the chain.
gets the current thread's request.
creates a sha256 hash of the given password.
schedules a commercial of the given length.
returns a hash code value for this object.
unsubscribes the given message from the topic.
is operating system digital unix?.
disconnects the client from the server.
determines whether a compound name is a suffix of this compound name.
calculates the total height of the view.
returns true if the argument is a syntactically valid regular expression.
check whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent.
flushes the output stream.
attaches the footer text to the given content.
creates a new sentence with a connective and a list of children.
tests that internal state of the object can not be changed by modifying initial array value.
initialize the store by removing all open transactions.
creates a cumulative histogram from the given histogram.
update icons for a package.
parses, validates and computes normalized version of time object.
adds the attribute values.
test the case where the unpark happens before the timeout.
sets the maximum segment commit index.
finish all the closing fragments.
writes a sequence of utf - 8 bytes to the output stream until the maximum number of bytes to
convert hex to string.
returns a collection of all scenarios and examples that match this filter.
convert rate in kbpsec to speed string.
returns the next element in the enumeration.
returns true if field queuesize is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise.
converts a coefficient to a string.
creates at test index created event with a bulk data hit.
validates a value against a rule.
find the uri for a given owner.
returns a random number between start ( inclusive ) and end ( exclusive ).
adds the event to the queue, blocking if necessary until the response is available.
create a random ivparameterspec.
checks whether the character is a valid token character.
draws the lines and points for a given ordered date set.
add an element type.
creates a log tag for the given class.
writes a string followed by a newline.
creates a new uri with the given fragment.
this method will be used to draw the background and outline of the component.
returns the game data as a byte array.
adds a new import candidate.
draws an arrowhead at ( x, y ).
handles the case where a class loader is activated.
unmarshals the marshalled values of the parameters of the given method.
loads the data from the service.
creates a resource name from a resource name and locale.
returns a string representation of the specified objects.
draws the specified icon on the graphics.
executes the query and returns the number of rows modified.
resets runtime properties to default values.
converts an image to a bufferedimage.
determine whether the test was cancelled.
removes the given edge from the list of outgoing edges.
returns true if the named event can be generated at this time.
called by the producer thread when a message is received.
set the until date of the query.
returns true if the given x - coordinate is in the thumb's range.
cleans up all files in the given file system under the given base uri.
returns true if this entity can be collided with another entity.
updates the statistics with the given duration and unit.
submits a new task to the dispatcher.
creates a new task distributor.
dumps the audio samples to a writer.
adds a buffered field to the form.
add a new incomplete room to the list of incomplete rooms.
compute the desired magnitude of a vector given a planet model.
trims a character sequence by removing all white space characters.
validates vnx smis request parameters.
calculates the next trace, and then expands the room if needed.
converts an object into a bytebuffer.
write a byte array.
create a new sensor if all checks are passed system name is normalized to ensure uniqueness.
returns the maximum between the two specified arrays of distances.
fill a polygon with the given color and translucency factor.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream, removing prior exif tags.
decode the base 256 encoded byte sequence.
move to the current day.
converts an ip address to a byte array.
returns true if the template is valid.
attempts to take the next object from the queue.
the cumulative density function of the normal distribution.
destroys this connection, closing the underlying socket, and removing it from the port.
parse the atom pattern string.
creates a user object from the given command line udids.
returns true if the network is connected.
called when a tab is closing.
adds a new samcontext to the collection.
this method is called when a close packet is received.
removes all collapsed edges from the list and adds them to the list.
called with a fraction of the timing.
creates a new seaglasstitlepane object.
returns a string representation of this list.
writes a long ( 64 bit ) to the target stream.
given a list of file names that possibly contain wildcards it returns a expanded list of those names
returns a charset instance for the given charset name.
creates a new integer attribute.
prints the given message to system.
executes the given sql statement and returns the results.
build a name from a method signature.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end - user
maps a library name to a native library name.
returns the next match.
this method processes the loading queues.
add a private field to the types of this compilation unit.
reconstruct private subrs for a given font.
returns true if the given sequence matches the regular expression at the current position.
initializes the gl context.
clears the scrap heap.
adds token request parameters to the request.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
adds a line of text that is not strictly lenient.
recursively merges all children of the given node.
negate ( ) for a negative bigdecimal.
creates a new instance of the given item type and binds it with the given parameters.
creates the panel with the given experiment.
adds the given listener to the list of listeners.
process the command line arguments.
check if zoning is required for this virtual array.
initializes the xmlparser with the filtered tokens.
returns true if this attribute has a value for the given name.
returns true if this character sequence starts with the specified prefix.
returns true if this view contains a window of the given type.
support for reporting bound property changes for integer properties.
starts fading to the specified layer.
computes the hash code of a repeated boolean field.
creates a new abstractsurfaceobject.
parses the given string as a sootmethodandclass.
this method is called when the plug - in starts.
finds the start of the column containing the given character.
decodes a color value from a string.
returns the list of modules required for processing the given source / target combination.
returns the euclidean distance between this vector and another one.
calculates the elapsed time for all gcbeans.
this method is called when the connection is closed.
adds entries to the source list that are distinct from the entry list.
start a new object.
sends a stream of events to kafka.
creates a string of the given length containing the given character.
adds the view to the given connection.
trims all whitespace from the given text and places the rest in the given array.
adds the given listener to the list of listeners.
called when the user has finished the app.
test verifies that get ( int ) and put ( int ) return the same bytes as the original
returns a copy of all the arrays, in the order, of the given arrays.
ensures that the external array tmp has at least the specified number of elements, increasing its size
adds a new value to the series.
adds a continuation element.
calculates the rotation angle between two points.
returns the number of times this pattern appears in the given sequence.
create the extension from the integer value.
verbose log message with printf formatting.
calculate the log probability of a given number of occurrances.
sets the distance between the target and the specified tolerance ( in the range [ 0, 1 ]
called when the drag has finished and the drop has been successfully completed.
writes the log to the table.
inserts the entry into the dynamic table.
extracts the secret access key from the given uri.
dial a phone number.
add a class to the list of safe classes.
check if there is room to download more than the maximum number of active downloads.
returns true if the server is running.
parses a rslp resource and returns a map of step names to step object.
returns a string representation of the bet amount.
tests whether the journal can be opened without an empty journal.
check if all columns match ip address.
quick pow, with a max relative error of about 2.
returns the full path name of the entry corresponding to the specified class.
write a word to the counter.
returns a map of all annotations imported from a package.
returns the first way or nodes that can be pasteted.
triggers an update of the cursor.
returns true if the mouse event specifies the middle mouse button.
adds the success message.
handle start stopped checkbox change.
close the input stream.
returns the next assigned log segment sequence number.
asserts that a specific language is set.
called when a block is exploded.
returns true if there are currently queued reader threads.
returns the number of milliseconds that the session was inactive for.
equivalent to assert cond : value ;.
adds a cosdefinition to the definition.
creates a sourcedataquality object from its xml representation.
converts the output class to a qelement.
generates a jwt string from the given parameters.
exports a set of symbols.
returns true if the given bit is fulfilling.
add a data source listener.
searches the qualifier hierarchy of the given qualifier hierarchy for the given qualifier.
changes to the failed state.
reads n bytes from the given inputstream into buf starting at the given position.
computes the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors.
called after the parsing has finished.
cancel the included only flag.
returns a list of all entries, including those that are marked as dead.
creates an error dialog with the given title and message.
checks the suffix of an index header.
prints a tag with attributes.
parses the disk string.
returns true if the object is trusted, false otherwise.
creates a new persistent search request control.
connects all source neurons in the given synapse group to the target neurons in
multiply a character by a character.
normalize a charsequence, replacing all occurrences of'\'with'\ '.
adds a zonechangelistener to the zonechangelistener list.
writes a byte to the buffer.
instantiates a new start listener.
returns a flat list of the elements in the matrix.
resets the scheduler to its default state.
returns the hash of the given key for disk.
record the current timestamp.
this method is called after each test method.
parses the content of the specified string as xml turning it into a structured data structure.
returns the default max radius.
returns the contents of the receiver as a char array.
returns the number of pending workers.
inserts a component into this container at the specified index.
unescapes a string using the given escape char and special characters.
appends an input stream to an existing file.
creates a new map with the same mappings as the given map.
adds a rule to the rule set.
appends the given byte array as a read data segment to the builder.
checks if is latest dss keystore.
initializes the resource bundle.
create an empty graphic warehouse support object.
returns true if the package name matches the naming convension.
remember a rmifactory for a host.
returns the next character in the string.
removes first entry ; returns its snapshot.
creates new task cancellation exception given throwable as a cause and source of error message.
normalizes a range of characters using the specified mode.
remove obsolete elements from names and sharedelements.
removes an action from the update manager.
returns the distance error for a given number of quad segs.
reads the next record from the file.
adds the specified character to self.
returns true if the given ifdid is a valid ifd identifier.
removes the specified child from this group.
check if storageport exists in db.
appends a split element to the end of the list.
creates a new osmhandler object.
flushes any buffered bits and closes the underlying output stream.
gets the direct connection.
appends the national number to the output.
cut - copy and delete selected objects.
stops the service. this method is called when the service is stopped.
releases the index back to the pool.
configure the command line options.
write an affinetransform to the stream.
signum ( ) for a positive bigdecimal.
returns a copy of this chain with the given element added at the front.
parses an operator from the token stream.
performs a drag gesture to a ui object identified by the ui selector.
adds all phone numbers and names to the sync queue.
removes the series at the specified index.
adds a glue component to a jbox.
writes a result object to a file.
this class is uninstantiable.
this method will be used to write the blocklet info to file.
recursively renders a tree into a string.
replaces all occurrences of a regular expression in a stringbuffer.
checks two characters for equality, optionally ignoring case.
adjusts the backing file length.
given a list of subnet pins, return a list of subnet pins ordered by subnet.
creates a javascript method invocation expression.
simulates a double click on the graph.
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization.
performs the actual drop of the tables in the database.
creates a new disk segment.
check if a person exists by email.
returns the maximum of two values, ignoring any double.
crab down a dir block for crabing for modification.
removes the connection from the list of connections that reference this connection.
returns true if queue starts with a word.
create a new vacuumenvironment with a random location state.
generate the class file for the specified class.
adds a long click listener for a specific item.
remove a creature respawn point.
create a photo from a gps file.
converts a byte array to a long value.
escapes a single character in the lexer.
this method cannot be called directly.
removes formatting from a line of irc text.
xor for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
prints the current charging times.
returns true if the dns list is empty.
write the local csv file.
creates an organization configuration.
deletes authentication domain.
adds a sourcecoderemark to the testsuite.
this method is called before an action is executed.
saves a document in async mode.
tells whether this stream supports the mark ( ) operation.
returns the name of the parent relation.
create a new bytecolumn.
convert a select statement into a tree.
executes a javascript file.
instantiates a new htm document builder.
formats the sample rate.
returns true if this connection has been closed.
starts the worker thread.
constructs a simplifier for the given set of types, using the given package name as
escapes a sequence of bytes using the escape char and replacement char.
returns the name of the object.
converts a dom document to a string.
create a mongo client for a set of peers.
cast a string to a boolean value ( primitive value type ).
returns true if there are more work in the queue.
sets the seed associated with this cipher.
generates the bytecode for this class file.
check if compact font format is used.
tests various methods of this class.
returns the name of the mosesize feature, or the feature itself if it's a
calculates the approximate height of a text, depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e
throws rejectedexecutionexception if this thread is shutting down.
removes from the queue all threads that are not blocked by any dependency.
callshortmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a short value.
fires a property change of a boolean property with the given name.
removes all loco icons from the list.
captures a string token.
converts a long value to a localized string representation.
tests parsing of handshake packets.
runs the test case.
checks that the given frame value is a valid opcode value.
creates a template for the given value.
returns true if the custom area should be taken focus.
initialize this sslcontext with a private key.
selects existing zones for initiators and ports.
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified.
write jar post resource.
closes the current file.
constructs a new typedeventlistener.
returns a list of child nodes of a given node.
creates a new corleonecontext instance for the given job context.
calculates log ( x_log ( x_log ( x ) ) for an array of
adds the given method to this class.
adds the replication factor header to the request.
gets the initial splash frame from the user.
decodes the line suffix.
add a new server transaction to the hash.
calculates the space between the first two fingers.
returns true if the class contains a polymethod.
create a new jkquerybuilder.
select product attribute set instance.
ensures that the saved track points file is opened.
test verifies that the cache is canonicalizing correctly.
prints an object to standard output and flushes standard output.
stops the service and executes the given runnable.
reads bytes from the given inputstream into the given buffer, starting at the given index.
generate the graph file.
close an outputstream passed in.
method for beancontextchild interface.
returns true if this entry has expired.
loads the user info into the action bar.
returns the direction that should be used for the arrow keys.
creates a new graph with the given collection of spans.
checks if is persistent.
make a date from separate strings for month, day, year, hour, minute, and second
handle a failure to launch a mesos task.
finds the configuration file in the working directory.
attempts to add a word to the output.
this method is called when a preference is clicked.
read www - authenticate http header.
converts the specified boolean to its string representation.
test of sendandreceive method, of class hbasemessageproducer.
adds'live'clause to the query.
gets the contents at the given uri.
returns true if the value associated with the key exists.
creates a new allocationsite.
draws an image, applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing.
parse an integer from a substring of a digit.
creates new form activitymonitorsample.
computes the extreme locations in a great circle with the given starting location and azimuth.
initializes the given checkbox.
paint the check mark in enabled state.
find the index of the first occurrence of a'/ ','/ ', or '
write log to temp file.
reloads the paths list from the root directory.
creates a new record.
create a text block from the given stream of lines.
adds the content specification node to the element.
increases the size of the spine by a factor of 1.
reconnect to the remote host after a failure.
gets collection of records.
returns the contents of the buffer as a string.
returns true if the variable has a change event with the given name.
resets the parser state of the parser manager.
returns the distance from this circle to another circle.
creates a new simplecommand with the given command name and arguments.
increases the size of the array to a new size.
converts a table name to lower case.
create an instance with custom selection modifiers.
breadth - first search implementation.
instantiates a new view reference.
check that the number of arguments passed to the function is correct.
announces this locator to the specified multicast groups.
creates a new instance.
closes the underlying scanner.
creates the policy tree for an organization.
rollback method for creating a new snapshot.
converts a string denoting an amount of seconds to an integer. strings are expected to follow
detaches this attrviewmap from an activity.
read the preferences from the shared preferences.
adds a download to the active list.
adds the expression to the tla code.
returns true if the given hunk is a valid upper case camel case string.
type the given string.
returns true if this provider provides an identifier, false otherwise.
remove redundant affixes from a list of strings.
returns a random number between 0 ( inclusive ) and n ( exclusive ).
updates the adapter with the latest date.
stores the last used time in a map.
returns true if the specified element can contain the specified child element ( i.
extract an array of arcs from an oid.
isduplicate ( string id ) method testing.
updates the statistics for the conditional density estimator.
returns true if this file should be shown in the directory pane, false otherwise.
add two negative numbers of the same length.
starts a new poll on the given connection.
increments the access count.
compares two double numbers, returning true if they are within an epsilon.
convert bitmap to byte array.
creates new form configurecoerciveparsecomponents.
returns the logarithm of a number rounded to a given base.
evaluates the uf4 problem.
creates a new filesaverdescriptor object.
reads a single block of data.
adds a run to the simulation.
copies all the converters from this array into the given array.
add an output sensor.
initializes the reader with the given channel.
resets the game to its initial state.
if a value is present, invoke the specified consumer with the value, otherwise do nothing.
send an x10 intensity command to the device.
reads the next token from standard input, parses it as a float, and returns the float
creates a new scheduler.
java. util. arrays # fill ( int [ ], int, int, int ).
calculates control width and creates text layouts.
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values.
checks if the given variable is accessible and if so add it to the result list.
description of the method.
converts an iso 8601 duration to a human readable string.
sends a message to a group chat room.
returns a string object representing this object.
remove a thread from the set of running threads.
creates a new docknodeeventhandler object.
reads the maximum number of source chars to log.
delete current license file on disk.
get the test network parameters.
main thread entry point for request processing.
reads a chessevent from the given stream.
updates the bounds for the fast scroller.
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog.
creates a directory with the given name under the given parent path.
is operating system windows 8?.
returns the set of functions that are not used in the given set of units.
adds items from startindex to endindex to the list.
returns an immutable list of the noproxy objects.
adds a list of definitions to the list of definitions to be included in the linker.
adds an observation to the specified group.
calculate the number of samples used in a variant.
reads bytes into the given buffer.
creates a new ldif reader that will read lines of ldif from the provided array.
update the leftperson and enteredperson fields.
remove the map at the given position.
present the licenses to the user.
add a geo key to the index.
detect geo time serie by using b sax rules.
dumps a candidate list in a human - readable format.
flatten a boolean [ ] into an xmlserializer.
adds an outbound rule.
create a new skype instance with the given username and password.
stop dragging the view.
adds the given flags to the flags of this layout.
returns the alias of the given certificate in the keystore that matches the given certificate.
purges last n articles from the database.
move all views ( excluding headers and footers ) held by this abslistview into the supplied
creates a new proxy verifier.
overrides paint to set the translateY of the graphics to the default translation.
insert a comment before a key.
transfer an inputstream to an outputstream.
test the configuration files option with copying of directory.
add two long values checking for convergence.
serialize a compact rdf : node and its qualifiers.
adds a checkbox to the given container.
pushes the current graphicsstate onto the stack.
drop an existing index in the database.
returns but does not remove the element at the head of the queue.
adds a new processor to the list of processors.
adds the given byte array as a push data chunk to the given index in the program.
initializes the resource name with configuration information, from the configuration file.
deletes the entry from the free connection pool.
convert less than one thousand.
returns true if the uri represents an embedded base64 image.
changes the current state and sends a notification.
returns the length of the link label.
read the given file and return its content as a string.
invoked when a processing exception occurs.
checks if the user should have access to the app.
closes the saved file.
randomly selects an operator from the set of known operators.
splits a string into a list of chunks.
below method will be used to convert the boolean array to string.
decode a base64 string into a bytebuffer.
clears the list of buttons and sets them to their default state.
returns a color that is brighter than the given color.
shuts down the network thread pool.
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send.
called when the read has completed.
write a golomb code value.
add a force to the force list.
convert a number to a metric value.
determines if the specified string overlaps this pattern.
constructs a cubic bezier curve.
prepare - e. g., get parameters.
checks if is configured.
converts a comma delimited string into an array of strings.
read a number of bytes from a file.
fatalerror : send a message and exit.
attempts to create a backup of the given file.
push a pair onto the stack.
removes the data directory.
append container configuration to slave command.
creates a new instance of readonlygamesettings.
deletes a set of users.
checks to see if the filename matches one of the wildcards.
removes the specified region from the list of regions.
a utility function to close an input stream without raising an exception.
the start of an element.
stops the thread that closes all the sockets.
instantiates a new storage.
calculates the item width and stores it in the renderer state.
opens the camera and starts sending preview frames to the underlying detector.
adds a breakpoint listener.
updates the display area of the window.
wakes up waiters in a specific phase.
returns a dateformat object that can be used to format and parse the given string.
prints the stack trace of the given exception to the system.
scans the type parameters of the given type and checks if it's camel case.
creates a new block with the given multi - push flag.
calculates the value of a poisson distribution.
finds an expression in the source string.
adds the given channel to the channel store.
deletes all files in the given directory.
input stream to output file.
releases the worker thread.
trims leading characters from the given string.
retrieves and removes the head of this queue, waiting if necessary until an element with an expired
schedules the given action0 for the duty thread.
submits a task for execution.
adds an attribute selection.
creates the byte array that will be left over from the current byte position.
samples a value from the action values.
called when a channel has been closed.
configures the headless simulation.
returns true if the id is the next window.
returns true if the given class is visible in the given classloader, false otherwise.
delete the response for the given event.
instantiates a new xml resource.
returns true if the argument is a syntactically valid email address.
adds all elements of an array to a list.
removes a supercardtoast from the adapter.
test parsing of vmstat header and data.
generate a secretkey from a password.
partially escapes the assertion value.
removes the view at the given index from the given parent and returns true if the view was removed
checks whether a declaration with the given prefix has already been declared in the current scope.
adds an agent to the environment and performs one step.
calculates the attack status of the attacker.
sets the vertex processor.
releases the worker thread to the idle state.
validates the availability of a replica in a slice of a collection.
return this as a classdeclaration or throw unsupportedoperationexception.
converts a partition specification to a name.
convert the specified charsequence to an input stream, encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding.
tests various methods of this class.
delete cheque from repository.
calculates the partial correlation coefficient of a submatrix.
adds a column to the table.
increments put and get time accumulators.
check if the saturation is valid.
parses the given cell string with the given layout constant.
called when a bound property is changed.
run a shell command in the specified directory.
returns the selectable channel.
java. util. date # iiiiii ( int, int, int, int, int
creates a xml string from a tag.
add the file extensions to the specified chooser.
retries regenumvalue ( ) max_attempts times before giving up.
parses an rfc 822 string and returns a date object.
validates a default shapes model.
adds an annotation to the page.
finds preferred provider id from the succinct id parameter.
checks if the directory exists and creates it if not.
assert the specified values have been received in the declared order.
return true if we need to rebuild the journal to reflect the new compaction.
prints a float followed by a newline.
extracts a register from a sub - register.
called when authentication fails.
build the interceptor array for a method.
removes all phi instructions from this ir.
counts the number of occurrences of the token in the target string.
creates a map of test to set of goals for each test.
builds the interceptors needed to intercept a route.
check gml footprint validity.
this method is called when executing this application from the command line.
quantiles ( = inverse cumulative density function ).
makes a key from a pbe algorithm parameter.
instantiates a new quick assist editor.
writes a byte at the specified offset from this native object's base address.
adds a validation error.
parses an option setting and puts the value into a map.
generates client credentials using the specified salt, identity, and password.
builds the index using the given solrcore and searcher.
parses the json string and starts the tour.
runs the test case.
adds a listener to receive events from this component.
clamp the mag value to the given absolute values.
handles a'click'on the plot.
adjust the bytecode index for a barrier.
returns a string representation of the risul.
creates a new array of the given length by interposing the given vector with the given offset
creates a new temporary directory and returns it.
synchronizes all auth data of the current user asynchronously.
creates an element in the xml encryption namespace.
move all views remaining in mactiveviews to mscrapviews.
draws the wind at the specified location.
returns true if the settings contains a proxy setting.
check if the expression is equal to its default static value.
parse key - value pairs to map.
called when the dimensions of the view have changed.
checks if we need a new buffer and if so, adds a new one.
creates a web site address from a string.
test of nameandextensionfilter method, of class testfilter.
resets the pending tele missile attacks list.
add padding to a byte array.
adds the commands from a pdfpage to the command list.
returns a string representation of the matrix.
adds the given statements to the end of this sequence.
notify all radio listeners that the activity state has changed.
returns the elasticity of the value at a given spot.
reads the contents of httpentity into a byte [ ].
returns the first foo in the ordered set where uuid = & # 63 ;.
rounds the given decimal value to the given precision.
creates a new runner with the given parameters.
is operating system windows me?.
convert a date to a string.
computes the preferred size of a component given a form specification, a cell size and a pref
checks if two ast nodes have the same element type.
append data to a string builder.
returns a string representation of the given long.
resets the stream to the beginning.
reads a single byte from an inputstream.
writes the given charsequence to the specified file creating the file if it does not exist using the
returns true if idp proxy is enabled.
compiles the given prolog.
remove all listeners from this spring.
create a selectioninputdialog whose combobox can be editable.
builds the index using the given solrcore and searcher.
converts a class name ( e.
creates a new uri with the given scheme, scheme specific part, and fragment.
adds the solution to the population and returns its id.
get the contents of this byte array output stream as a byte array.
creates a disk in the specified project.
checks if the specified host ends with the specified domain.
disables an attribute by name.
generates the instruction to push the given handle onto the stack.
encodes parameters as http post body.
lookup an instance by it's key.
writes this index to the given output.
returns the property that specifies whether the node of this toggle button should be toggled.
decodes the i'th octet from the given bytebuffer, and appends it to
construct a vector by appending one vector to another vector.
reverses the direction of the animation in the current animation state.
register the contract observer.
support for reporting changes for constrained integer properties.
correctness test for the lm model.
called when a list of sinks has been received for a given source urn.
converts a dto to a user.
generates the statement to drop an external foreign key.
obtains a lock on the file.
point this header to a data object.
collect all the files that have been affected by the changes.
updates the position of a particle.
updates the visual state of the scale.
returns true if targetposition is within the bounds of startposition and endposition.
check that the statement indices in the database are consistent.
shows an item with the given id.
adds an integer option.
determines the target page based on the velocity and the current page position.
returns the value at index in the given matrix.
copies the contents of the source vector3f into this one.
converts a glob string into a regular expression matching the given separator.
this method can be overriden by subclasses to change the behavior of this class.
splits the given string by the given separator character, retaining the empty string if retainempty
test split properties with escaped semicolons.
removes an object from another array.
creates a new dictionaryadapter.
checks if the tab associated with the tabid is not destroyed.
creates a new httpstreamwrapper object.
adds a file to the list of files to be processed.
returns true if the character at position n is a digit.
constructs a convex hull between two points.
reads a short ( 16 bit ) from the source stream.
prints the string representation of the specified integer to the target.
creates a proximity node in a graph.
check if zoning is required for the given varray.
sends a reply to a previously sent message.
initializes an animation with a name, a delay and a list of frames.
navigate to the dump page.
add a list of messages.
creates an entry with random data.
performs a swap operation on the current display surface.
constructs a list of window of size windowsize.
builds the url from a json path.
adds an element to an array at a specified position.
returns the value of the double.
returns a string representation of the matrix in matlab format.
instantiates a new file input reader.
create an object output stream for this file.
get the set of keys for resident entries.
adds the given certificate validity to the end of the certificate validity list.
adds a policy listener to the cache.
verify the given code.
returns a new scripting engine for the given script file.
finds a specific raw module in a list of modules.
extracts the value at position i of the list and checks if it is an instance of the
Obtains a local date in japanese calendar system from the proleptic - year and
recovers an entry from the keystore.
creates a new loader for the given url base.
min ( ) for unequal bigdecimals.
instantiates a new wiser server.
concats obj into arr.
truck camera move to a different location.
shuts down the executor service.
removes all of the mappings from this locale builder.
compresses the current string using the previous string and the current string.
returns the index of the first element in the list.
send an error log message.
add a propertychangelistener to the listener list.
recursively removes all files and subdirectories from the given directory.
gets min version from candidate list for transaction entry.
constructs a new dimensionedscalar from the given field value.
description of the method.
computes the standard deviation of the given instance using the given kernel.
this method can be overridden by subclasses to provide their own initialization of the properties.
inserts the specified element at the specified position in this list.
creates a new multiplexmanager for the given datastores.
returns true if the name matches the pattern, false otherwise.
returns the given value or the default value if the given value is null.
compare the last received key value to the expected value.
paints the background of the car.
converts a time to a java. sql. time object.
chooses the server alias to use for the given key type and issuers.
probability density function of the gamma distribution.
invoice line - charge. - updates priceinformation.
parses the template into an array of actors.
brokera < - brokerb - > brokerc.
write the xml document to the output stream.
discards the current thread.
convert an asi leaf to an asi leaf.
write to buffer.
registers file type with a list of file extensions.
parses an integer from a string ( e.
creates a requestsecuritytokenresponse object from the given xml string.
creates a new resource request and adds it to the container request map.
filters the itemscollections by level for a player.
returns the index of the largest value in an array that is less than ( or optionally equal to
add a symbol to the set.
replaces unprintable characters by their escaped ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given string.
returns the number of elements in the array.
converts a base64 string to a long value.
returns the smallest ( " bottom " ) n values in the column.
sums the score of all outlinks plus the authority of each outlink.
ends the job and closes all resources.
browse for a file in hdfs.
appends the given string to the end of this text.
creates a new wizard initial object creation page.
unwraps data from network.
return true if the named attribute has been specified.
checks whether the current user has permission'java.
stores the password in the shared state.
removes a child node from the policy node.
float value of a small positive bigdecimal.
waits for the process to terminate and returns its exit value.
refreshes the inherited methods of this expando.
sets the relation to canceled.
change the state of an annotation document.
remove an edge from the graph.
this method cannot be called directly.
determines whether this node has a descendant matching the given pattern.
writes a block of data to an afc file.
generates the resource bundle data files.
returns true if the object is a cglib proxy class, false otherwise.
calculates the amount of space the image will take.
tests fix for bug # 10630 - statement.
checks repeated boolean field equality ; null - value and 0 - length fields are considered equal.
move an annotation to the front.
adds a frame to the animation.
prints the given code point as a string.
cleans up the minidump file.
calls the ssl engine's outbound method.
extracts a thumbnail from the given bitmap.
writes the package.
returns an array containing all of the events in this collection.
decode the pkcs # 1 format attributes from the passed in derinputstream.
process an attribute string of type t_prefix into a string vector.
returns a clone of this result set.
dump a long value to a stringbuilder.
type a special character in the text area.
tests for equality, coping with nulls.
returns true if the mime type has a file extension.
skips the specified notifications starting from the specified start id.
writes the data for the given object to the pdx.
write byte to buffer.
returns true if the queue is empty.
instantiates a new viterbi point.
paints the bottom edge of the border around the content area.
emits a method to add a value to a list.
parses a pem string and creates a key from it.
construct a parallelpublisher from an publisher.
returns the next runtime value that can be found at the specified time.
adds a variable to the queue.
returns a canonicalized url for the given simple url.
reads the content of a file into a string.
calculates the animation duration based on the initial velocity and the displacement.
compute the euclidean norm of a vector.
determines the height of this view.
adds a byte to the buffer.
returns the mean of all elements in the array.
creates a sprite with the given parameters.
closes the output stream.
create a new synctoken from the given date and uuid.
returns true if the two objects are equal handling nulls.
this method initialises the flagz service.
close inputstream without a exception.
simple test of random number generators.
replaces all occurrences of a character in a string.
action method that returns the new form.
canonicalizes this type declaration by replacing all union declarations with canonical ones.
open the given uri in an activity.
helper method to wait for all replicas to become active.
appends the specified element to the end of this vector.
returns true if the rp copy column is not null.
splits a file path into a list of file paths.
returns true if the given taxa is compatible with the available taxa.
draws the text of a label.
indicates whether this map definition has any map objects.
executes all throwing actions.
dump the roots of the threads in this jvm.
adds a field name translation to the embeddable mapping.
returns the minimum amount of space the layout needs.
checks if a resource has changed and calls the callback.
create a telurl from a string.
constructs a new svm.
restarts the servlet engine.
creates a new instance of sorter.
returns the string representation of the character.
pdf of gev distribution.
generate a format for a codec name.
report an xml comment anywhere in the document.
returns the maximum element of this stream according to the provided key extractor function.
find an object by its commit counter, returning null if not found.
starts an animation for all properties that have been set.
returns the stack trace of the given exception as a string.
splits the given variable name ( varname ) into two strings.
ends the child thread's run ( ).
this method registers the transport protocol monitor.
update a record using the table mapping specified by the where parameter.
cancel the video fading edges timer task.
removes a timeout event listener.
process a properties file containing the generic properties creator.
adds a new table lock object.
get a random element from the given list.
updates the mapping to an immutable set.
join the calling thread.
define a local variable.
returns a connection to the underlying data source.
tell the user of an error, and probably throw an exception.
invoked when a mouse button has been pressed on a component.
decodes the given base64 string with the given flags.
evaluates the function and returns the result.
returns a set view of the keys contained in this cache.
write the list to the output stream.
compute the modulo operation on the given polynomial.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
appends the hex representation of the given character to the given stringbuilder.
prints the bootstrap map.
converts an enumeration into a vector of options.
adds the given token to the token list.
helper method for large value sets.
add tags for the given data to the builder.
gets the build number from the manifest.
build random left regular bipartite graph segment.
adds this view's children to the given views.
configures the request to send to the server.
converts a number into a title.
unescapes the character identified by the character or characters that immediately follow a backslash.
processes the input file and writes the result to the output file.
instantiates a new replicator runtime configuration.
convert a double to a localized string representation.
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
converts a list of longs into an array.
updates the enabled state of the menu items.
removeall ( set < int > keyset ) method testing.
formats a list of strings to a single string.
notify this object that it has been deregistered as a listener for a notification.
cummin / cummax, opcode : ucummin / ucummax, dense
given a source directory and a list of modulespec objects representing module names that possibly contain wildcards
report the contents of a list of process errors.
getissuernames ( ) method testing.
creates a checkpoint for the kinesis stream and starts streaming.
create an h2 database, using the specified properties.
convert degrees to degrees.
add a fixed view to appear at the top of the list.
check if the path is absolute.
init demand and collection map.
returns the instance specifier at the given index.
creates a new shaped crafting recipe.
writes & lt ; tag & gt ; value & lt ; / tag & gt ; to output
encodes and writes the given byte array, finishing if finish is true.
connects to the server.
tells the filter that all instances have been added to the filter list.
configures the http client.
parse a text file.
returns a test suite.
load a xml element from a stylesheet.
create an omraster, lat / lon placement with an imageicon.
starts the dequeue.
invoked when a bound property is changed on this bean.
assert that two objects are equal.
returns a string containing the names of all the flags in a long.
this method is called via reflection from the database.
adds a new line to the current indention.
adds the given view to the list of fake views.
compile a list of projects.
print contact information to p_window.
resolves the promise, triggering all done / always callbacks.
adjusts the name of the node and adjusts its position if necessary.
creates the snapshot for the given unity snap.
saves the current configuration properties to the specified file.
count the number of elements in the list.
builds a uri from the template, substituting in the provided arguments.
disposes the given surface and sets its render buffer to be empty.
writes the kanji resource to a file.
creates a new scannerexception for a file with a message.
render the normals into a texture.
find all resources of a given type.
calculates the values of the y - axis.
decrements the reference count.
returns the sum of the tree sizes of all children.
find a connection by thread id.
estimate the uniform distribution with the given parameters.
reads the repository metadata from the given input stream.
returns true if the datatype is a primitive datatype ( i.
append a line to the contents.
this method is called after all the data has been written to the database.
returns true if node s is a member of this map.
persists a new temporary file.
adds the given value to the write set.
load the given unit.
performs cleanup and bookkeeping for a dying worker.
finishes writing compressed data to the output stream without closing the underlying stream.
frees the object. if the free list is full, the object will be garbage collected.
returns true if the given injector has a binding for the given key.
create an internal service.
checks if the index exists in the given directory.
creates a new tagged output stream that wraps a given output stream.
builds the list of messages.
stores given short value.
hashes the given byte range using the sha - 256 algorithm.
instantiates a new fsm file reader.
put a key / value pair into the hash table.
makes this object immutable.
locate a native library by name.
removes the specified component listener.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns true if the string is null or 0 - length.
encodes and verifies that the encoded message is the expected format.
returns true if the given term is indexable.
sends a http response to the client.
decodes a base64 string using the specified encoding.
wait for the shutdown signal to be received.
adds a connection to the list of connections managed by this invoker.
computes the distance between a point and this plane.
converts the given string value to an integer.
adds an item to this chain.
updates the visual state of the example demo in the main thread.
processes events on the port.
returns a list of all keys in the cache.
instantiates a new dialogue recorder.
generate a unique id.
reschedule missed alarms.
add the given name to the list of names.
perform an asynchronous min operation.
changes to the given state.
returns a string representation of the given date.
adds a new test to the list.
swap two elements of the list.
builds a list of namevaluepair with ipt and organisation key.
allows this closeable to be used within the closure, ensuring that it is closed once the action
checks if the given pattern matches the given actual string.
adds a server to the load table.
add a leaf to the catalog tree.
convert a time stamp to a string.
set the'content - length'request header to the given value.
draws the glow on the given canvas.
modify lun, return the new lun.
replaces instances of another character sequence with instances of this string.
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values.
determines whether the given object is similar to this one.
starts a new jgoogle analytics tracker.
add a tuple to the internal list.
adds a song to the adapter if it's not already there.
filter children by name.
emits a map put.
compares this object to the specified object.
provides the right name of the node for display.
parses json into events.
removes a listener from the list that is notified each time a change to the data model occurs.
replaces the characters in the specified range with the contents of the specified string.
adds a permission to a directory.
runs the timeout task.
learn a new entity from the given fields.
returns true if the given type signature is a valid type signature.
remainder of division of two negative numbers.
returns true if any of the children of the given group are visible.
checks that the argument references in a snippet are valid.
randomizes the incoming weights and normalizes the weights.
save the image at the specified location as an image.
returns true if the file is valid.
remove a class from the list of src classes.
updates the range with the new value.
closing the current scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket.
appends the given bytes to this buffer.
check if there is enough space on the phone.
method to handle cancel button.
adds an attributedcharacteriterator. attribute, which will be used to populate the text of the
convert a string value from one type to another.
returns a string representation of this vector.
record a dialogue state.
writes the characters from the specified character sequence, encoded as utf - 8, to the current position
instantiates a new wps geo server.
verify that a zip file exists.
removes the connection that has been idle longer than the specified keep - alive duration.
creates a new instance of stateinfo.
compares two values, and returns true if they are equal.
generates a random byte array containing the process id, process id, and device serial number.
returns true if we need to check to see if we need to check to see if we need
decodes hexa string to byte array.
creates a list of user namespace authorizations from the entity objects.
method to read header data from the stream.
draws two texts at the specified location.
compares two percent objects.
returns a clone of this predicatednodetest.
returns true if the point p is outside the preferred size of the cell at row, column.
adds a source folder to scan.
create a workflow method to suspend the srdf for the source and target volumes.
calculates the median value of the regression.
create a secure server socket that is connected to the given port.
prints a byte array using the base64 encoding for each byte.
delete a gcm object.
find the index of the key comment, or - 1 if not found.
returns true if the cookie has expired.
check if add - to - home intent is supported.
creates a new instance of inmemoryentrystore.
creates a new classannotator object.
generate the next number in the distribution.
put the content into the cache.
parse title to [ [ [ [ [ [ [ [ [ [ [ [ [ [ [ [
get the current selection.
calculates the ratio of excitatory neurons to the total number of synapses
a repository root has been removed.
inserts a node with the specified priority and data.
creates a new message object.
wrap linux command with " set group " and " set user " statements.
parses and caches the given sql query.
returns the index of the given element in the level array, or throws an exception if not found
returns the number of attributes.
consumes a tag name from the queue.
deep - sort the tree.
removes all listeners from this object.
decrypts a hexidecimal string ( handling is case sensitive ).
l - the probability density function of the trifocal tensor.
recursively add all the objects in the specified cluster to the specified hull.
this method is called when an attribute is updated.
convenience method for decoding data to a file.
evicts all items from the pool.
generates a random population of the given size.
creates a new session.
consultar todos visitantes na base de dados.
check that all values in one column match those in the second table.
append a character to the writer.
inserts all of the instructions in the given list before the instruction s.
create a new builder.
count the elements in an array.
processes unprocessed files.
pops an array of y values off the stack.
description of the method.
delete the attribute value.
push the given attribute set onto the top of the stack.
cancels and starts the animation that scrolls the tab stack.
add a new range with no lower bound.
sends the response to the servlet request.
replaces all occurrences of oldchars in str with newchar.
returns the text matched by the current regular expression.
returns a canonical version of the given path.
create a new inmemorymessageexchangestore.
calls the next ( ) method of the music playback service.
draws the bitmap with a stroke.
returns the device hosting the mqtt protocol.
starts collecting locking data.
override this method to throw an exception if the stream is null.
convert pixels to meters.
adds a character to the buffer.
computes the length of a vector.
create a cache with default locators and port.
creates a new instance of attributelistpanel.
this class cannot be instantiated.
removes the given photo from this user.
performs a binary search for the specified element in a part of the specified sorted array.
compute the best read score for a given read in a given classification.
convert to an array.
add a failure to the list of failures.
dump the stack in debug mode.
converts a set of categories to a set of categories.
load listener for a specific server.
upload a file to remote server.
creates an sslsocket instance for the given socket.
format the node, recursively.
this method is used to register a jmx mbean.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream, removing prior exif tags.
sorts the content of this adapter using the specified comparator.
returns true if this exception was caused by a regiondestroyed exception.
appends the specified string to the end of this array.
instantiates a new magic variables arguments bundle.
set up the parameters for video capture.
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects.
convert is to date.
create dom from input stream.
returns a string representation of the object.
resets the count of messages.
schedule a task for repeated fixed rate execution after a specific time has been reached.
copies the value of the realm attribute from the specified attributevalue.
copy a file from the assets folder.
checks if two housenumbers are the same.
returns the double value which is closest to the specified double but larger.
calculates the three - way distance between two keys.
discards any whitespace from the given data.
creates a new asyncselector.
removes the child at the specified index from this element.
split two texts into two diffs.
paint the specified painter using the specified transform at the specified location.
load module definitions from a directory.
checks whether given throwable or any of its suppressed exceptions have been set.
write a variable size long.
updates data to sign or to verify.
serializes this queue to a stream ( that is, serializes it ).
check if the initiator is for a resource group.
returns a collection of supported messages.
read a configuration file.
if there is no field with the specified key, then associate the given value with the specified key
combines results from multiple reads into one.
checks if the current operating system is mac retina.
indents out ; writes object.
instantiates a new activity resolve info.
[ < rn >, + / - < rm >, lsr # < shift_
indicates the end of formal parameter list.
returns true if the current character is a letter or digit.
extracts the project name from a uri.
adds a new reference to this object.
reset status 2 to error state ( error in status1 ).
add a required property to the requirements.
detects and adds a new hit to the current pattern.
creates a new headrule.
or for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
submits a task to the executor.
subtract two numbers of different scales using mathcontext ; the first is positive.
allocate memory for xsqlda.
overwrites a value in a bit vector.
checks whether the given string is null or empty.
adds a scrollviewlistener to be notified of scroll events.
returns the callbacks object associated with the current thread.
this method should not be called directly.
translates a java2d point to x and y coordinates.
update the projected coordinates of all traffic projections.
logs a stack trace with the given level and the given throwable.
reads a single character.
decode the bytecoded into a string.
draws the background of the button.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
adds a new layouteditor.
triggers the wildcard expander if it exists.
creates a new ip interface on a host.
collects the edit proposals applicable to the currently selected view.
constructs a new extensionquery.
ensures that the namespace of the image exists.
returns map containing the given entries.
tests the built classifier with a filtered set of instances.
upper case the first character of a string.
returns a random index based on the proportions provided.
check the width of the rectangle and update the page accordingly.
group siblings of a list of components.
count the number of non - newline characters.
this method converts a span of time in an array of indexes to a sparse grid index.
tests another object for equality with this object.
returns a description of this rule.
adds a claimed signer role.
writes a map to the given output stream.
sleeps for the specified number of milliseconds.
restores the previous output and error streams, if any.
returns the concatenation of the given congs and moduli.
determines the height of this view.
puts an array of bytes into this byte vector.
wait for a particular task to complete.
creates a new action with the given content and priority.
finds all islands surrounding the chunk.
2b basesec | 2b operatorid | 2b tupleid.
calculates the gap between two rectangles.
moves the current tile position to the next available tile.
do we have a myomer booster?.
check if an intent is available.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # wrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs, int
sends http connect request to the server.
returns true if the given certificate is self - signed.
this method calls proc insertuserroles and adds a record of userroles.
find the nearest neighbors of the provided start words.
creates a derutc object from a java date / time object.
adds a new item to the adapter.
rewinds all used parameters to the beginning.
sort and sort the given list of intervals.
formats a type rep as a list of tokens.
calculates sha - 1 hash of a file.
pans the domain axes according to the specified plotinfo and source.
initializes all components used by this view.
creates the icon label for a check box.
close the current window.
deletes the entry identified by the given alias from this keystore.
creates a new disjoint sets with the specified number of elements.
print a list of clusters.
add a button to the gui.
removes an entry at the specified index from the array.
creates a tokenstream wrapping the given content with the given splitchar.
shove trace of p_polyline into p_polyline.
deletes a file or folder.
this method will return a new array of size buffersize + 1 copies of the given array.
encode the given value using the range [ lower, upper ].
skips the given number of bytes.
creates a new lock file and deletes it on exit.
handles edit property request.
returns the value stored under the given key, or null if there is no such key.
handle swf loaded event.
gets the current quick reply text from the active message and displays it.
writes a byte array at the given offset.
returns true if the configuration has changed.
this method is used to fix compatibility issues with android's view library.
binds a list of socket addresses.
set the header value for a callback state.
create a service from a patterntrie.
removes the specified object from the data.
sets the list of allowed users.
finds the distributed device with the passed name.
reads the copy state from the given stream.
notifies all tasks that have been scheduled to run.
creates a new requestparams instance and populate it with multiple initial key / value string param.
displays a dialog that allows the user to overwrite an existing file.
instantiates a new scrape task - to update a single datasource.
returns the index of the line where the given offset is located.
clear the selection list.
create a new non - movable array of the given type and length.
recursively loads the thrift file with the given path into the given map.
ensures that the proxy is ready.
adds a message to the end of the queue.
creates a key from a hash.
returns a copy of all the arrays, in the order, of the given arrays.
calculates the road permission based on comparision of the way tags.
read a number of bytes from the input stream.
calculates the chunk size for a given number of chunks.
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a new query that will retrieve records from the database that match the provided ids.
closes the current file.
get a list of interfaces.
clear data lists for a given obd service.
make a new quadedge and add it to the quadedges list.
sorts a list of sequences in ascending natural order.
associate the given value with the specified key.
adds all files in subdirectory subdirectory of directory directory which match filekinds to result
create the edge of the button.
dispose of object, releasing resources.
test a scenario with a list of methods.
creates reserve disk cache directory.
returns true if the given resource has been called.
calls the super method and reads the leaf and numentries of this entry from the specified input stream
creates a new, empty map with the default initial capacity ( 16 ) and load factor ( 0
construct and return a criteria that is the conjunction of the current criteria.
creates a new connection pool that will failover connections to the given servers.
creates a new printfformat object.
this method is called via reflection from the database.
creates a message property key with the given description and ordinal.
inserts a node into the tail of the queue and returns it.
asserts that the given sorted set is bounded or not.
paints the border for the specified component with the specified position and size.
restore the checkpoint of a line by line file input operator.
reads the bytecode of a class.
returns true if the host hosting the given hostname is supported by the system.
creates a new project object.
converts the chart coordinate space to a screen coordinate space.
adds a window to the list of windows that should be closed when the app shuts down
instantiates a new performance logger.
authenticates the discoveries and returns the authentication request.
constructs a hash from a hexadecimal string.
finds the longest common prefix and suffix of two longtexts.
checks if a pin is a numerical run.
returns the type of the uri.
adds glue to a jbox.
check if the given string is a resource reference.
wait until all nodes leave the barrier.
returns an enumeration of the members of this principal.
adds a property name to be included in the select clause, where the property name is provided
add an interface to the class.
cuts the string from the first index of provided substring.
downloads a resource from the registry.
iterator. next ( ) method testing.
initializes the session with the current user.
invokes the finalize method of the wrapped object.
removes the tv show.
this method checks the device compliance policy for the given operation.
returns true if o is an instance of c.
inserts the specified object at the specified location in this list.
calculates the age of the response, based on the received date, served date, and resident
returns the index of the given word in the array.
invalidates all indy switch points.
convert a vdc job properties to a vdc config param.
instantiates a new osx method proxy.
returns the prediction for the given instance.
finishes the current step by calling the finish ( ) method on the underlying provider.
check if the given attachment point is valid given the current topology.
fire a cluster change to all registered listeners.
creates a new batchedimagerequest.
returns the surface color for the specified pixel.
check to see if the character at the specified index of the character array is a carry.
adds a component to the bottom of the panel.
deletes a set of files or directories.
creates a temporary directory in the specified directory, optionally including any file cleanup.
emits the initialization code.
read cookie name from header, and ignore special characters, if present.
merges this item into the given result.
translates a transferable string to bytes using the native character set.
creates a byte buffer to be used for a preview image.
adds a child box at the specified position.
creates a position for the gap, starting at the given offset, creating a new one if necessary
returns a string consisting of " n " spaces.
resets the dtx and the inverse.
adds a listener to be notified about changes in the activity's state.
mute the given username so that it no longer appears on the screen.
the real guts of parsenetworkresponse.
applies the given orientation to the component, but does not change the cursor position.
returns true if no widgets are selected.
writes remaining compressed data to the output stream and closes the underlying stream.
creates a new parcelableadapter instance for a list of items.
fill an array with random bytes.
draws a triangle to indicate the presence of far - out values.
returns true if this is a java library class.
returns the set of object names that match the query expression.
check if the touch slop for the given child view is small enough to cause the child view
create element of endpoint type.
returns a string representation of this object.
test where each operation locks one or more resources.
implementation for default handler method.
returns the contents of this bytearrayoutputstream as a byte array.
parse a string value as a calendar.
convert a bitmap to a byte array.
save a template to disk.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
adds a new composite node to the composite list.
post - process flood zones.
expands a two - digit string into a list of english words.
returns the index within the specified string of a character in the specified range of characters.
creates a new basicdiagnosticformatter that will prefix all errors with the given prefix.
returns true if the frontier is empty.
checks if is enabled.
computes the variance of the array, given the mean.
stashes the user info in the request and response.
send a list of locations to the client.
serializes the given text node.
returns true if the given visual position is inside the soft wrap area.
returns true if the entity is valid.
clears all items in the list.
moves the position forward by one.
sets the new prio to the given value, increasing the current index by p.
flush the output buffer to the underlying stream.
generates a label for the section.
remove a graph listener.
fades the view in. this method is abstract.
execute a command on the backup server.
increment the numeric badge label.
creates a new instance of this class from the provided input stream.
splits a sentence into words using the vocabulary.
returns true if the action list is empty.
add string to dictionary.
deep copy of a 2 - dimensional array.
returns true if the given identifier is a valid tag.
wait for a message to arrive.
constructs a date from a comma - separated date string.
copies a file or a directory recursively.
instantiates a new map objects.
reads the specified number of bytes from the input stream.
encodes a string into its url safe form using the default charset.
tests comparison of different number of attributes.
creates a new inspace predicate.
recursively deletes a directory and its contents.
prepares the sql statements for the sort keys.
returns a string representation of the experimenter of an instance.
prints the magnitudes in the system out.
creates a zookeeper client and starts it.
add description for cv numbers.
reads characters until the end character is encountered.
convert a mutable attributeset to an html attributeset.
closes this stream. the source stream is closed and any resources associated with it are released.
updates the amount of money in the account.
tests the creation of a dataset ( unique attributes ).
evaluate the expression and return a string.
reads a dex file into a byte array.
adds a listener to the list of those who will be notified when the value of the animation
runs a commercial on the given stream.
adds a sub - tree at a given index.
generates code for a while statement.
returns the value of the igamma function.
initialize the list of active slots from a string.
convert raml action type to intent type.
hides the given key if it is hidden.
remove the mqtt token from the map.
returns true if the first element of the array is the all type.
reads the text until the specified delimiter is found, returning the text or null if the end of
this class cannot be instantiated.
returns true if this node is a leaf.
returns true if the given text is valid.
interrupts the specified thread.
overridden to avoid exposing implementation details.
convenience method that creates a border layout container and places the given component in the east.
does a bulk put of one or more values.
loads the layout from the specified file.
adds a tracker for the given file.
converts all separators to the unix separator of forward slash.
checks if there is a parameter with the given name.
adds the window to the free memory list.
returns true if the given identifier is a sq identifier, false otherwise.
sorts the specified list in ascending natural order using the specified comparator.
handles a commit request.
returns true if the name of the task is to be appended.
converts a json string to a java string.
creates an entry with random data.
find the maximum value in the array, ignoring elements that are nan.
returns true if the given line is a " start " element.
parses a 64 - bit long.
removes the instance at the specified position in this list.
extracts the access key from the given uri.
do one transaction operation.
adds a boolean value to the helper.
copies all elements from src to dst, starting at removeindex.
creates a new sitemonitor object.
returns the set of subnets between two ip addresses.
get a vertex by its id.
atomically adds the given value to the current value.
this method is used to start the monitoring service.
returns the euclidean norm of this vector.
p - empirical joint.
write the entry to the stream.
creates a new instance of a closeableanimator.
read an xwaves label file into a single string.
adds the converter to the set.
parse the source object list.
truncates a map so that it contains only the from and to elements.
logs the contents of the index in a log file.
compares a jdiff parameter with a reflection parameter.
fill an array with random numbers.
escape a string for use in json.
writes the contents of this bytebuffer to an outputstream.
checks to see if the given elements are hierarchically defined.
returns an iterator over the elements in this array.
invoked when a mouse wheel has been moved on a component.
tests if the function names in the arguments are the same as those in the solrquery.
returns true iff this imf is equivalent to another imf.
loads a list of ids of all screens in workspace.
renders the node into the writer.
macro : parses s, fmts.
multiply the matrix by the given scaling factors.
change the state of the component.
returns the buffered version of the geometry whose segments are located at the given distance.
record the end time of suspiscious rsp request.
checks if user is accessible to kibana.
removes all elements from the list.
returns the index of the specified type, which is not necessarily a primitive type.
load the configuration from the specified file.
returns a string representation of the specified parameter.
using the trigonometric unit circle, calculate the positions that the text will need to be
flush the journal, discarding any buffered data.
expand shared names to the size of the new array.
add a request property to the request message.
updates the member's client address with the given address and time.
is org level only.
returns the decrement runnable as a runnable.
handles actions from within the property panel.
serialize an object to a byte array.
resolves a module name to a modulepointer.
adds a certstore to the list of keystores that will be used to store certificates and
creates a new narclassloader that will load classes from the given directory.
gets the block that contains this node.
substitutes a type binding for the types in an array of original types.
check if the motion is scrolling.
tests whether a single filter is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains the same id.
creates a new edge with the given source, destination and symbol.
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack.
create an extended version of this label.
pads the string at the right with the specified character until it reaches the desired length.
indicates whether the serializer supports the given feature and version.
atomically removes all of the elements from this queue.
read a quoted descriptor from the given character stream.
returns a csv representation of the classifier.
subtract two numbers of the same length and different signs.
assigns id value to a field.
writes a " int " value to an outputstream.
returns true if this connection is open.
perform find operation and return result as list.
returns a string representation of a soapelement.
closes this writer. this implementation closes the target writer.
initializes the camera manager if it's not already done.
this method is called via reflection from the database.
write a boolean to the stream.
train with a set of file names.
test de busqueda open ldap con atributos.
constructs a format string using the default locale.
returns the largest power - of - two double precision numbers that are greater than or equal to the
writes a little - endian 32 - bit integer to the given output stream, starting at the current
queue a cube load.
checks if object is available now.
invoked when a button has been pressed.
loads the largest release message id.
remove a change listener.
dump current request log.
url decode a string.
test of gettables method, of class metadata.
adds the specified collection at the end of the array.
resets the list of files currently in use by the system.
initializes the current compose state.
creates the tool bars for the given application.
parses a date value.
constructs a new regular expression filter for a single string specifying case - sensitivity.
executes the given sql statement.
writes a byte array.
url - encodes the given string.
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation.
parses the given string as a float value.
creates a new instance of the specified interface.
request password via link.
creates a new array and puts it into the garbage collection.
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache.
scaled the enlargement of a spatialcomparable by a scaling factor.
intersect this clip with another rectangle.
indicates if this type can be used as a parameter to store an int.
utility method to add a condition node.
clears any cached information.
strips all banned codeunits from the given string.
asserts that two strings contain the same lines in the same order.
log a warning level message and a throwable.
returns the full form of the given string, i.
clears the password expiration warned time.
strips the language, country, and variant from the given locale.
appends the time zone.
removes all listeners from the binding.
pads the given string to the left.
sets the flag indicating if scores should be shown.
writes the given charsequence to the specified file creating the file if it does not exist using the
helper function for the kernel function.
open a h2 database connection.
emits a clear clause.
clears the coordinates list and starts recoarding.
add text input method listener.
add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list.
loads the user class from the specified url.
adds a document to the output.
associates a command class with a set of canonical names.
writes the statement for the autoincrement column.
gcm the user's preferences.
write block light to specified buffer.
executes a search and returns the search result.
returns the next subsequence of the input sequence that matches the pattern.
increments the call count for a new duration.
paint the background of a control.
adds the default values to an attribute in a service schema.
encodes the product token.
returns true if the metadata has changed since the last publication.
sets the list of resource directories.
make a classnode reference to the given class, if the given class is being used as a
push a new import url onto the top of the import stack.
converts a map of strings to a human - readable string.
sort the suites tree.
returns a new array that contains the eventstoadd added to array.
adds a marker to this track.
replaces a with b in c.
enables or disables the final button, depending on whether the member variables of the previous button have
wsptypedecoder test, decode application id.
removes all actions and constraints from the list.
checks if the given file can be written.
creates a new instance of gmpublishingpriority.
validates the relying party request parameter.
rotate matrix by angle ( in degrees ) around the z axis.
starts a factory service for the given service instance.
wakes up the reader thread.
returns the number of columns specified by the character c, divided by the plain space size.
creates an instance with the specified value.
instantiates a new kafka message listener container.
deletes the entry identified by the given alias from this keystore.
gets the text at the specified group.
translates this line by p_vector.
rejects the execution of a command.
calculates the menu margin relative to the screen.
adds a pending ram attack to the list for this phase.
create a list of resource color from an array of resource colors.
test file property changes.
generate salt from header.
adds a listener to the projector.
selects the tupleexpression with the smallest cardinality in the list of tuple expressions.
writes a string to the output stream in big - endian byte order.
adds a message to the history.
starts the given container as an executor.
converts a date string to a date object.
passes this reporter to the given reporter.
fetches the latest version information from the registry.
serializes the given node.
clearbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
compare to a number of an greater scale.
reads a single character.
cancels the auto - completion.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
sets the client proxy host name.
verifies that the setter methods exist for the given fields.
extracts element at current take position, advances, and signals.
get a random, positive float.
resets the indexes of the points, except those specified in the excluded list.
learn a device from its attributes.
returns the contents of the level zero buffers as an array of doubles.
show the version of the device.
count the number of times the given character appears in the string.
adds the given color to the given imageicon.
reads the contents of the given inputstream into a byte array, but doesn't read more
searches for the first occurrence of the target in the string, starting at the specified index.
validates preload balance order.
starts the game in a new thread.
removes the specified environment variable.
calculates the minimum number of instances required to achieve a score below the given scorethreshold.
get the value on the top of the stack.
tests fail : always returns false.
returns the index of the last directory separator character.
check if a point is inside a view.
unrolls type variables in the bounds map.
delete a quota by id.
creates a basic authentication header.
adds a new entry to the extent model and enables the remove extent button.
checks the cache for the network and returns the network object.
reads an xml file and creates a jdom2element from it.
check if all permission is granted.
executes the given event on the executor.
send the next message over the network.
adds the given field to the list of attributes to be used as attributes for this entity.
checks if the given token is a session token.
returns the root means squared error.
appends the primary key and cell blocks to the given buffer.
creates accountdetailmap with glcode, debitamount, creditamount, functioncode.
rotates the given subtree to the right.
updates the enabled state of the advance data set checkboxes.
updates the statistics with the given value.
the graphical representation of a series.
checks a class signature.
select cardlet aid with given appid and suffix.
adds a new entry to the tree.
creates a new source object from the given url.
tests whether a single servlet is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains another servlet.
extracts a regular expression from the polynomial.
sets the flag indicating whether to run finalizers when the jvm exits.
adds a new search result.
registers a quick fix for the batch operation.
adds the specified entry to the directory structure of the archive.
runs the test case.
the start of a document.
dumps the window hierarchy of the device to a string.
registers a rule changes observer.
sends an update to the heartbeat service.
serialize message to output stream.
creates sslengine using the sslconfiguration in properties.
create a new get buffered random access source.
creates a new instance of argparser.
setbit ( int n ) the zero number.
save a model to a file.
sorts and collapses the spans in this view.
split a data set randomly.
removes a prefix from a path if present.
publish a message to an mqtt server.
removes the specified child from the list of children.
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by all
compares two strings for equality.
sets the force auth flag.
fetch the user details from the server.
sends a stop event and waits for it to complete.
push a message to the server.
write data to characteristic, and send to remote bluetooth le device.
returns the link for the given proto element.
reads the contents of the given file and transforms each line with the given transformer.
removes the first occurrence of the specified element from this array.
send a stream's byte array tuples in a websocket message.
sort the brokeritems by type.
this method is called when the xml escaping is required.
updates the path constraints for the given test.
test of a journal on which a single index has been registered but no data.
checks if class loader is a p2p class loader.
removes the sub trailers from the decoded subject.
opens the next source.
convert bitmap to byte array.
inflates the given name into a regular expression.
adds a warning handler to the warning priority list.
prints a string to the stream, encoded as utf - 8.
writes an attribute to the output stream without a prefix.
convert attributes to syntax definition.
writes a buffer to the socket.
skips the given member value.
recursively joins the child nodes of this node and adds the results to the result.
generates minimal configuration file for this group.
take a request from the request queue and return it.
returns the column that contains the specified location.
returns all files in the given directory that match the given filter.
generates the drop statement for the given table.
registers all property change listeners.
returns true if the scroll amount is out of bounds.
reduces the list of instructions by reducing the stack sizes of the instructions.
returns true if the new owner id is equal to the current node, or if this node is
try to move the cursor to a new location.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
deletes the left word.
cumulative density, static version.
reads in a dataset, continuously.
generates the native guid format as storageport_from_indication.
returns true if the given paths are contiguous, i.
creates a new faststringreader.
adds a field to load and boost.
returns a string representation of the current date.
initialize the stream buffer size.
register a sensor with the specified index.
try to convert a string to a number, falling back to a defaultvalueprovider if the string
return the probe's next sample.
apply the given replacement to the contents.
creates a key using the specified principal, password and algorithm.
returns a string representation of this object.
process a list of packages.
check if the map is valid for the given direction and facing.
parse the path into data.
record a variable declaration.
reads the last block of data from the panbox file, but doesn't verify the version
returns true if the given media type is supported by this device.
exports all the dependencies of a jcas object.
fixes a 7. 6. 0 - alpha - 2 signature to conform to the 8. 6
check if network is available.
returns a string that is a random string in the range [ 0, 255 ].
creates and persists a list of expected partition value entities.
returns the string representation of this object.
registers a runnable to be notified when low memory usage is detected.
write the message to the data output.
extracts the hard reference from the soft / weak reference given.
formats a long value.
removes a component from the set of contributed components.
copies a single page to an outputstream.
write part of an array of bytes.
asserts that the given backup status does not contain any null values.
handle request sent with a wrong binding.
checks the current state of the circuit breaker for the given set of states.
sort movies by dbid.
creates a new key - value list parser.
poll the broker for statistics.
checks if the file should be accepted by this filter.
returns true if the edge AB intersects the cell boundary.
update the overlay contents.
returns the name of the type referred to by the given typeref.
creates a statemachine from a statemachinedefinition.
disposes of this object, releasing any system resources associated with it.
reads the default serializable field values for this instance, followed by the registrar's id.
returns a right - pointing triangle of the given dimenisions.
find a terminal by its name.
method to create a new layout block based on the system name and user name.
set the nonstatic jobject options.
escapes special characters in a regular expression.
constructs a char buffer with the given string.
updates the visibility of the promo, based on the percentage of the available promo.
creates a new valuegeometry.
this method is called after the object is propagated to its parent.
check if the specified version of the library exists.
finish the common set of statements and restore statements.
shows a dialog with the given message in the gui.
dynamic init. ( see class comment. ).
calls the filevisitor method on the given path.
lays out springs that have a baseline along the baseline.
reads the int value from the json array for specified index.
add a propertychangelistener to the listener list.
unregisters a dependent preference.
validates a storage policy selection object.
returns a description of the classifier.
convert a collection to an array of the given component type.
creates a new gradleexception format violations for the given list of problem files.
computes the distances between all nodes of the graph reachable from the given node.
returns the current position in the stream.
adds a new frequency to the list of frequencies.
parses a header element.
slices an interval by a period.
determine if the expression consists of gerund expressions.
tell the user of an error, and probably throw an exception.
creates the request object.
runs the test case.
downloads the tlog files.
reads the attributes of a file.
adds all participants to the list for replay.
create a checkbox in a palette.
assigns the probabilities of all objects to the instances in the specified database.
returns the uri value or null if the value is null.
constructs a kernel with the given values starting at the given offset.
initialize the work list.
this method is called before the linked resource is loaded.
adds a file to the repository.
invoked when a tree has been expanded.
returns whether the specified object is in the receiver.
returns true if v1 and v2 are equal.
invoked when the url connection failed to close.
processes the given xml schema complex type.
push a new annotators ref onto the stack.
returns the version compacted.
sequence a query.
expunge stale entries from the table.
returns the rest of the given list.
create a list of ranges from a set of start ranges.
closes all open windows.
this method is called when some object is removed from the beancontext.
recalculate the estimated completion date.
add a document type to the list of document types.
checks database metadata to see if a table exists.
runs the test case.
returns the position of the next token in the spec following the given position.
update the graphics state in the queue.
computes the range of probability density function ( hpd ) for a set of sampled
checks if the given directories exist.
adds a port to the list of already allocated ports.
convert the string to a utf - 8 string.
writes list of longs to dataoutput.
returns true if the attribute is defined, false otherwise.
shows the preloading stage.
removes all of the elements from this vector.
removes the mapping for this key from this map.
test copy of a stream containing exactly one byte per block.
runs the test case.
convert a string representation of an ip into a byte array.
responds to the request with the given message.
adds tenant id, username, password and authorization header to the request.
add a selectionlistener to the hex edit control.
prints a newline to the output stream.
returns a string representation of the capabilities.
instantiates a new debug log.
alters the case of the given string according to the settings.
returns true if an ack is required.
returns a string representation of this vector.
add a reporter icon at the specified location.
draws the selection rectangle.
constructs a new exception with the specified root cause.
returns true if the initiator and the collection of storagesystems have connectivity to all the storagesystem
constructs the goal derivation from a marked node.
plus ( mathcontext ) for a positive bigdecimal.
test negative number of radix 24.
converts an or ast into a tree.
displays a panel in a window.
construct a jsontextparser with a given reader.
reads a sequence of n - grams from standard input ; compresses them using n -
sets the tokenizer to use.
compute the azimuth label offset.
adds the resource to the list of defaults.
called when the display settings have changed.
returns a stream of all methods of the given class.
update server address and port.
removes an item from the list.
choose a random enemy from the enemy forces list.
returns true if the given block is a valid route to the given destination block.
sorts the given list of storage pools according to their average port metrics.
adds overlays to this group.
create a resource for a given path.
checks if the current operating system is older than leopard.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
escape a string for inclusion in an xml content element.
feeds the network forward.
tries to find a file with the given name in the given directory.
compares the results of the control client with the cloud client.
get the elements that match the xpath expression.
creates a context from the current gl context.
collapses all rows in the tree.
queues up a replacement for the given player.
removes a vetoablechangelistener from the listener list.
creates a new streamthroughput object.
parses command line arguments.
this method calls savebookmark and updates the specified bookmark.
converts a portion of an array of utf - 32 encoded characters to a string.
creates the bounds of this panel.
record the pattern of a row of bits.
finds a method that has the given list of arguments.
returns the first index of an illegal character, or - 1 if it is not a legal character
flips the byte buffer and decodes more bytes into a character buffer.
this method scans the delayed trains in reverse order of departure time and departure time.
add a creature respawn point.
load organizational access roles.
test of getbytes method, of class jsonparser.
generates a certificate object from the given input stream.
returns a pretty printed representation of the given value.
generates the last 6 months where the last one is the one that the given date is on.
find a counter by its key.
adds a sms to the given uri.
runs the test case.
sets the mode of this cipher.
expunge stale entries from the list.
run the findbugs resource analysis job.
support for reporting changes for constrained object properties.
this method is called when the full backup is complete.
removes the connection list for the given tab.
paints a range ring between two points.
converts all separators to the windows separator of backslash.
translates and appends pending bytes to the output.
optimize ( lift - up ) the given trie, returning a new trie with the gaps removed
installs the after handler.
shuts down the server if it is currently shutting down.
creates and persists a new storage entity with the specified parameters.
display an info line.
prints a formatted string to the console.
verify signer ( string, identityscope ) creates instance with given name and private key.
invokes a static method on a class.
new instance, based on the supplied pattern.
removes the safepoint attribute from the loop begin of the given structuredgraph.
binds the item to the given databoundviewholder at the given position.
add two positive numbers of the same length.
adds a new value to the series.
method to return a date instance which is exactly numdays days before the point in time designated by
returns the amount of capacity that can be used to store the data.
calls the super method and writes the conservative approximation of the knn distances
put data into the heap.
paints the component. only paints the border if there is a focused row.
adds labels and fields to the form.
called when a track point is being started.
combines a list of byte arrays into a single byte array.
check in all providers for the resources.
checks if cluster can be spawned.
compares this id with another, for equality.
checks if two players are identical.
add a field with the specified value without any validation.
returns a string representation of the dataset, without header.
returns true if the given value is always non - null.
remove an item from the list.
creates a new instance of this class.
returns true if the user has reacted to the gesture.
initialize a list of neurons in the network.
returns the angle of the given coordinate.
fires a neuron moved event to all registered listeners.
creates an x. 509 certificate from a byte array.
handles a change in the current selection.
parse the terms ack document.
formats the given string.
sets the server name.
execute a count query on the space.
derive confidence value based on record count.
adds a parameter to this request.
create a datasource from an inputstream.
parses a string value as a calendar instance.
add a new limitline.
readdata - - input the function and data from din.
copies data from the input stream into the specified byte array, starting from the specified position.
inflates the current buffer with the contents of the previous buffer, and writes the result to the
returns an array containing all of the elements in this queue, in proper sequence.
add legends to the graph.
fetches the table metadata from the tablemaplogevent tableevent.
encode the header content into a string.
reads bytes from the underlying stream.
flushes the current log records.
creates buttons for an arraylist of pages.
and for two positive numbers ; the first is longer.
creates a new exportmaskcreateworkflowforinitiators workflow for the given initiators.
compares two percent objects.
returns the uri for a given edge key.
reads a signed 16 - bit short.
loads all projects assigned to a database from the database.
syllabifies a phone string by splitting it into a list of allophones,
removes the node at the head of the frontier, removes it from the graph.
checks if the given path is a file.
compares this object to the specified object.
create a zookeeper embedded server.
creates a new instance of basiccondition.
reads in all stopwords from the given path.
returns a string representation of this article.
stops the barrier and signals all parties to enter the barrier.
filter the points based on the rule.
send a syslog event over udp.
writes the stack trace of the given throwable to the given output stream.
builds a new distributed log multi stream writer.
convert a number in json format to a string.
creates image element with given id.
creates a new threadregistervalues object.
sets the configuration parameters for the build.
checks if is triggered.
inserts all of the elements in the specified array into this array.
calculate score based on play counts.
remove a scanning callback.
paints an outlined rectangle in current pen color.
return the probe's next sample.
check if a row is a page break.
shuts down the thread pool.
returns true if the specified character is a legal java identifier.
print a zdiagmat in default e format.
returns the index of the first occurrrence of the pattern string in the text string.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
converts an array of indices to a string of characters.
truncate a string to a given length.
removes all transactions from this block, starting from the given height.
executes the groovy script on the specified player.
ensures that the dirty region does not contain any points beyond the last touch.
creates a new instance of sort.
returns true if the operation was successful.
start the locating phone service.
deletes a resource configuration file.
creates a new bus movement object.
removes the next file from the last usage dates.
creates the gui of the dialog.
generates a random float between two limits.
constructs an instance. <! - - begin - user - doc - - > <
add a tracer to the current set of tracers.
increases the capacity of this cache by one.
sets the damage value to the given value.
test of concurrent events on empty region.
instantiates a new graph.
trim the version string from the end of the version string.
query the inventory for billing.
calculate the raw score for the given interval and add it to the list of raw scores.
reads the contents of a file and returns it as a string.
constructs a new instanted model editor from a bayes im wrapper.
save data to disk.
flatten a map into an xmlserializer.
checks if a key needs to be preloaded.
generates a new challenge token for the specified address.
perform type checks on all basic blocks of an ir.
runs the given task, retrying if necessary.
pack the contents of this list into an array.
removes an interrupt request from the queue.
this method is called when the heatmap update failed.
inflate drawable by id.
returns the offset of a field in a java object.
add an string at ( x, y ) coordinates.
writes a byte array at the given offset.
concats the iv and ciphertext into one iv.
sets the timestamp of the event.
creates a new material package.
searches for an edge whose start and end points are in the same direction as p0 and p
acquires the probabilities associated with the given sequence.
posts a resolved issue to the health event bus if an issue was active.
decodes a base64 string.
test the database connection.
this method will update the agg set based on new value.
checks if an entity with the given name is unparsed.
flushes this stream to ensure all pending data is written out to the target stream.
url - encodes the provided text.
overrides processfocusevent to hide the popup if focus is lost.
adds a request property to the request.
executes the given task.
serialize the given value to a byte buffer.
load submissions from database.
returns true if bit is greater than 0, false otherwise.
moves to the next record.
computes the dimensionality of the two specified components.
writes this byte stream to the specified output stream.
removes a listener from the list that is notified each time a change to the tree model occurs.
creates a new uri from the given string.
adds a parameterized view to the stream.
reads data from the given recorder into the given buffer.
resets the candies store to its initial state.
gets hash code for a given object.
adds a parse template.
attach image to the camera.
returns the minimum between two values, ignoring any double values that are nan.
pre - registers the service in the mlet server.
match a string against a regex pattern and return the string matched.
returns a string representation of the source form for an initializer annotation.
creates a new byte buffer with the given initial capacity.
adds a new value to the series.
validates a collection attribute.
put a string in the buffer.
an external entity declaration.
sets the alpha value which will be used to build the model.
create a class descriptor from a field signature.
this method validates a serviceticketresponse object, raising an exception if the response reflects an operation
schedules the specified task for execution after the specified delay.
draws a filled ellipse with given semimajor and semiminor axes, centered on (
swaps the current cursor with the new one.
locks the flushing mechanism.
returns true if the given class can be randomized.
the format of this native guid is devicetype + serialnumber.
creates a secretkey object from a given base64 encoded key string.
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster.
sorts the children of a criterium in a natural order.
returns a random integer from a poisson distribution with mean & lambda ;.
checks if a sound with the given identifier is available on this device.
iterate over all registered serializers.
checks if the given string is a valid object name.
checks if is shutdown.
initializes the internal state of this object.
draw the arc to the canvas.
formats the given date according to the given format and locale.
decodes a byte array.
creates a new message digest with the specified algorithm.
merge sort. x = mergesort ( x | y ).
copy a set of access control levels to another set.
put the contents of a byte buffer into the buffer at the current position.
adds avsresponse to the queue and checks if the queue is full.
requests followers and subscribers for the specified stream.
removes a view from the adapter if it is currently hidden.
consume a css identifier off the queue.
test populate with 1kb writes.
serialize the suite model to xml.
rollback the temporary file.
parses the xgrav, ypos and xpos geometry strings.
writes data to the next available packet in the queue.
searches in this vector for the index of the specified object.
returns whether the undo manager can undo the last action performed by the split.
calculates the destination for the image.
this method is called when a new project is created or updated.
this method is called when the mouse is clicked on the map.
update the list of visible ids.
walkgraph, leveldatatostring, and tostring methods to implement explorenodes.
shows the previous notification ( if any ).
calls the super method and writes the id of this node, the numentries and the leaf nodes
adds the input node to the internal map.
initializes the database using the given configuration.
registers an object for reading.
add an extension header to the map of header names to classes.
merges this frame with the given frame.
executes the keytool command.
snaps the view to a specific position.
updates property with testkey to value2.
unassigns services from a user.
expands the cluster to include the specified points.
getfloatarrayelements : get all the elements of a float array.
prepares ( allocates ) a set of transfer buffers for use in transferring data from the tune
writes full lines ( if any ) to the output.
add pay to user.
register all registered java extensions that have been unregistered by the user.
removes all texts from the list.
deletes the display name of a existing user.
creates a new type given an ast and a variable declaration.
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values.
waits for cache to be cleared.
adds a listener to be notified of lifecycle events.
returns the index of the given full path within this instance, or - 1 if this instance does
destroys the volume.
compute a stack spline, a series of cubic bezier splines smoothly connecting a set of
validates the cool down setting.
convert megabytes to bytes.
generates the name of the zoneset clone.
writes the signature block to the output stream.
builds a select statement to update a row in the database.
shows the dialog with the given animation.
returns true if the key is a uri key.
receives a number of bytes from the i / o device.
add an ofchannelhandler to the list of ofchannels.
send a byte array to the client.
constructs a copy - on - write array list from the specified collection.
converts http entity to byte array.
add an argument to the tail of the command.
create a new uri from a namespace string.
calculates the theoretical coefficients of the variables using the variogram and the kriging
deserialization object from file.
returns true if the given segment name is a merged segment.
generates a random pbe keypair.
add a list of emojicon groups.
updates the end time of the current run.
determines whether the given path should be included.
generates a number of units using the specified filter.
returns a new automaton that accepts the union of the languages of the given automatons.
this method is called when the contents of the data model changes.
create the splits array from the given h values.
reads the property from a safe serialization format.
javax. net. ssl. sslsocket # sslsocket ( inetaddress address, int port,
converts the user input into a relative path.
returns the stamp bits for resizing a table of size n.
read a single byte from the input stream.
generate the okm key from the ikm key and salt.
returns true if the given emote is to be ignored.
returns true if the property is allowed, false otherwise.
reads a roster from a file.
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero bytes.
accept a new connection.
transcode the svg document to a file.
reports progress for the inner state.
create a new empty document.
set the grain. must be a valid value.
handles add request handler request.
draws a data point at the given ( x, y ) coordinates with the given shape using the
executes proc for each key in set.
parses the available information columns and returns the indices of the selected columns.
locates a given field anywhere in the class inheritance hierarchy.
decodes an openssl session from a byte array.
adds the dump file.
creates a date using the ordinal date format.
returns true if the given page number is in the current sequence.
dispose of object, releasing resources.
converts a collection of dimensionalitemobject to a list.
sets the aliases that will be associated with the index when it gets created.
adds a new table to the system catalog.
removes a listener from this configuration.
puts all views in the scrap heap into the supplied list.
this method is fired from the main menu and will allow you to open the window.
schedule a task for execution on the given thread.
utility method to combine a base hash with the identity hash of one or more objects.
parse a vector string into an array of doubles.
returns a string describing this filter.
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by all
called when the beancontext is added to the beancontext, and when new objects are added to
decode xml node into datasource properties.
returns the next character in the document.
adjusts the heights of the rows in the given table based on the contents of the table
get uris of volumes to be remediated based on passed parameters.
parses the given string and returns an array of format specifiers.
updates the enabled state of the index columns buttons.
returns a url for a poi with a given tag and bounding box.
wait for the decoding to finish.
converts wiki page content to plain text.
updates the data to be signed or verified, using the specified array of bytes.
creates the packed params for the given glyph list.
executes a sql update statement.
is this lock subject?.
returns a hash code value for this object.
adds an action to the quickactionview.
display the specified help file.
stores a location in the app preferences.
returns either the class or the class.
compares the specified object to this list and returns if they are equal.
convert a jsonarray to a string.
remove a table from the database.
returns true if the given category is contained in this bug instance.
determines if the passed volume is a source volume for a full copy.
tests two linear regression models for equality.
check entity maint permission.
test that a quorum succeeds.
called after explanation is presented to the user.
pause the calling thread for the given duration.
prints a string followed by a newline.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
reads a single character.
callbooleanmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a boolean value.
return true if the given programblock contains the given rm variable.
constructs a new project importer using the provided root folder as the base.
test sort order of doubles.
checks if a module is registered.
loads the class with the specified name.
wait for all operations to complete.
tests whether all components of the test geometry are contained in the target geometry.
creates the inner object for the xform submission and populates it with encounter properties.
creates a new endpoint with the specified endpoint url and security modes.
parses a single value, throwing if it is illegal in the context of an rdf : value
creates a new collection with the default time zone.
returns a list of the given elements, in order.
allocate a new array of the given size.
adds an attribute to current element of the dom document.
create a container directory.
fill an ellipse array.
does nothing.
refresh the challenge counts from the due challenge logic.
create a new identity.
converts an awt image into a swt image.
checks if unlimited strength policy is available.
amount of time that this process's waited - for children have been scheduled in kernel mode,
adds the totals. < p >.
fills the given buffer with the contents of the stacktraceelement array.
indicates whether file writing support for the specified file type is provided by the platform.
makes this object immutable.
returns a random number uniformly between 0 and 1.
instantiates a new amservicemanager instance.
atomically increments the worker count.
animate the items based on a finger position.
returns true if the path is a windows path.
process an attribute string of type t_char into a character value.
creates a child element with the given name and appends it to the element child node list.
returns true if the segment is balanced.
parse an array of attributes from the current element.
returns the contents of a binary file as a byte array.
test the implementation of the streamapi ( ) method.
adds a split condition to the split.
writes the current output stream to a temporary file.
removes an index interval from the model.
rebuilds the event list.
creates a new diskstorefactory object.
deletes all files and subdirectories under " rootdirectory ".
put the specified number of bytes into the buffer at the specified offset.
marks a rop register as reserved for a specific category.
registers the default resource resolvers.
processes the authentication response for the given method.
releases a byte array back into the pool.
creates a new, empty pipeline.
initializes the acceptable methods.
locks an order and returns true if the order is active.
assembles the packet from the given buffer.
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer.
unify the user name by name.
creates a new jdbcdata object.
store the exception stack for the given exception, if it wasn't there already.
instantiates a new elf logger.
read data from a url.
is the current time valid, according to the recurrence rules.
initializes a new network and returns it.
convert a number of bytes to a human readable string representation.
create a pendingintent from a class name.
returns true for a static method.
if useinternator is true, stringutils. fromcacheornew ( ) is called
unify line separators from " \ n " to " \ n ".
decrypt key ( does not use salting ).
sets the list of swtplatforms as the configuration for the given list of swtplatforms.
fills the grid based on positioning the new selection at a specific location.
finds a given field anywhere in the class inheritance hierarchy.
calculates the break position for a list of tokens, starting at p_0.
converts the simplex to a shapetilesimplex.
writes the content to a temporary file.
returns true if the charsequence is null or 0 - length.
turns a settings string value into a boolean value.
notification that a source has disconnected from this bean.
find a matching wrapper for the given template.
generate a unique key.
returns a copy of the vector.
deletes a file or directory.
initialize the pattern used by the template engine.
add a new line to a file.
update the known attachment points.
removes all soft wraps starting from the given offset.
formats a dps value into a human readable string.
truncates the given string to the given length.
returns a sorted set containing all of the elements in this set in the specified range.
checks to see if the legion is disbanding and if so disband it.
adds tuples to this index.
iterates from this number down to the given number, inclusive, decrementing by one each time
parses the dom element.
read a number of bytes from the input stream into the buffer.
inserts the fullscreeninfo object into the list.
creates an input stream from a string.
adds an item to the adapter.
copy acl from origacl to shareacl.
parse the resource list input.
deletes all entitlements of a existing user.
this method incorporates the signed signature properties.
creates the channel selection.
compute the mean of all elements in the array.
gets the depth of the pointer.
run a test with the given properties.
import file ( read from file ).
returns list of file cos ids.
adds a new task to the task queue and starts the monitor.
inserts a new node into the tree at the specified index.
return the probe's next sample.
writes the given lines to the given file.
verify that the authtag associated with chunk idx matches the stored authtag.
guesses the mime type from the file extension.
register a method binder for the given annotation type.
parses the route file.
remove a dted directory handler.
adds a file to the entry database.
scans the next token.
splits the given vector on the limit.
writes the header for zones csv file.
closes the dialog when the user presses the reset button.
adds a task to the queue of tasks that should be executed after the current time.
replace all occurrences of the regular expression with the replacement.
executes the given migration and returns the number of successfully executed migrations.
adds the string to the passed in map, if it's not equal to the old
called when a child thread begins to resume.
the graphical representation of the labels on the x axis.
encodes the given byte array into a string using the default encoding.
returns true if the specified object equals this eckeypair.
creates a new instance of elsaserializerpojo.
loads the configuration from the given binary input stream.
returns true if the type is a two - slot type ( long or double ).
sets the sections of the specification.
consume a crlf character.
process the logout request and return the session id.
override the equals method.
accepts a file for processing.
adds the option list.
checks if the current activity is set and returns it.
start the scan thread.
checks if the url is a landing page.
writes the row count definitions for the given table creator to the given buffer.
send a string to the socket.
this method initialises the token management thread.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns a string representation of the bean.
does the work of getting the path.
signs the content using the active signing key and writes the signature to a file.
returns true if the next token in the stream matches the given string.
de - serialize an object using the specified class loader.
instantiates a new interval.
returns true if the value is one of the true values in the map.
creates a new instance of shoppingcartitem.
binds the given outputstream to the current thread.
initialize the map layer.
computes the skewness of a sample.
extracts a span of text from a string.
called when the chain length has been reached.
returns true if a delay has been set.
push the spacepreserve flag from the current element.
called when the close button is pressed.
creates an inputstreamreader that uses the named encoding.
sends the message to a remote consumer.
decodes an abstractmessage into a header string.
tries to classify an example.
returns the hash code value for this object.
make a clone of this iterator.
this class is uninstantiable.
returns true if the keytoadd is contained in the keychain, and false otherwise.
adds the given byte array as the data to the program.
sets the theta of all rotation planes in this matrix builder.
writes the users and groups to the server.
converts the specified double to its string representation.
decodes the hanzi segment.
create a record with the given name, address and metadata.
instantiates a new cpu.
lookup the audio data for the given parameters.
adds a new condition to the condition set.
reads all remaining bytes from bytebuffer and returns them as a byte array.
searches the input file for a package and a class.
log an exception ( throwable ) at the debug level with an accompanying message.
fetch the rp protected target virtual pool uris.
creates a new namespace from the given file.
compute the cardinality ( number of set bits ).
de - escapes a literal by replacing all occurrences of'&'with'% '.
creates a cookie uri from an http uri.
send an info log message.
add not null value to list.
creates a new dimportkeypairpkcs8 dialog.
pretty printing accumulator function for longs.
substitutes a substring in a string.
removes the specified listener.
main thread entry point for the config processor.
clamp the mag value so that it is in the range [ min, max ].
overridden to avoid exposing implementation details.
returns the predecessor block index for the given source index.
creates a new lockablefilewriter that writes to the given file.
appends the program description.
decode a base64 string into a byte array.
returns the url for the given location, or null if the location does not exist.
parses a value from a comma - separated list.
converts the given string to upper case, i.
update the list of built - in environment variables.
creates a new character class for each character of the given string.
notify gateways about updated timestamps.
returns the next token from this token that matches the given regular expression pattern.
removes a node from the cluster.
returns the content as a string.
executes the handshake process.
sets the minimum value.
emit until the given number of tasks are completed.
rotate theta degrees about the x axis.
test of auditcompleted method, of class org.
scales the given rect about the center.
parse unprintable - ext - codes into a unprintable - ext - code handler.
determines the height of this view.
returns true if the id is null.
update the pending list of downloads.
limits a value to a given range.
creates a new title and sets it as the current title.
check if a network is connected.
deletes an item from the adapter.
calculates the graident channel between two channels.
adds the given listener to the list of listeners.
quietly closes given resource ignoring possible checked exception.
executes the creation of a new file.
creates a des encryption key from the given key material.
checks that the given string is a valid type descriptor.
creates a new jsoutput for the given module.
gets the text of each of the elements in the set.
adds a line to the output.
constructs a string that contains the characters from the stringbuffer argument.
returns the number of elements in the set.
executes the given command in a separate thread.
instantiates a new liberty manager client.
checks if the attributes are valid.
updates the zoning information in the unmanaged export mask based on the initiators and storage
wait for an invitation to be answered.
returns the x - prime for a given time period.
returns the number of components in this group.
test round ( mathcontext ) for zero.
remove words with freqs less frequent than the threshold.
returns a publickeyselector instance matching the specified type.
generates a sorted map of tag names to tag values for the given partitions and tags.
print out some details about a shape.
returns a shortened version of a class name.
adds a graphic to the overlay.
returns a string representation of this object.
performs the native gl flip operation for the given target component.
add a property to the property restriction.
initialises the google analytics.
called when the player has moved the game.
creates a new id from the given input stream.
called when an element is about to be consumed.
add a finally block to the bytecode.
get the next xml meta token.
encode a collection into json text and write it to out.
reads color table as 256 rgb integer values.
sets the last modified time to the current time.
add a key to a keystore.
returns true if the given file needs to be reloaded.
adds a new repository definition.
disables all buttons in the interface.
returns true if the given string is an additive number.
write a string. this method cannot be inherited from the writer class because it must suppress i /
add a switch port to the quarantine queue.
this method will be used to create the column sort info.
parses the json node as a pointfeature and adds it to the polygon at the given
creates a new bit string from the specified string.
sorts the individuals according to the given comparator.
writes the xml document to the writer.
instantiates a new safe async task.
returns true if the given method is a renamed method, i.
creates a password reset exception object.
returns the union of two string arrays.
returns true if there is a state change.
execute an xpath operation.
returns the largest ( " top " ) n values in the column.
grab the class name from a method signature.
constructs a metricdeltaset from a stream of metricdeltas.
returns the number of nodes in the graph.
returns the next element in the vector.
escapes all illegal bytes in the specified byte string.
repeats the current input sequence a specified number of times.
renames all the classes in the class file.
handles save button request.
constructs a new ionexception with the specified cause and a detail message.
returns the distance between this node and another node.
called when the task is done.
gets the authentication challenges associated with the response code.
returns the ssl session as a byte array.
instantiates a new mersennetwister generator.
verifies that the timestamp on the certificate matches the expected timestamp.
encrypts a password string.
returns the number of rows in the dataset.
convert a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
wrap a proto in a checkedmessage and compute the checksum.
scales the icon to the given width and height, keeping the ratio between width and height.
installs a sound from the specified input stream into the system's builtin sound list.
count the number of pages filtered by the template fragments.
returns the index of the name in the table or - 1 if not found.
scores a collection of tracks based on a search query.
returns the current time in milliseconds.
returns a byte array that contains the encoded latitude and longitude values.
stores long value with volatile semantic.
runs a list of commands in a separate platform process.
draws a circle of radius r, centered on ( x, y ).
prints a double followed by a newline.
write a 16 bit signed value to the out stream.
maps the given byte sequence into the given string buffer.
adds a listener for when a button is pressed.
dispose of object, releasing resources.
fills in the xmlattributes object.
create a property gui from a propertyconsumer.
copy a number of bytes from a file to an output stream.
deserialize the data from the given datainput into the given kdbheader.
runs the test case.
returns true if all permissions have been granted.
fetch charset from cache.
paints a portion of a highlight.
adds a pending control roll to the list for this phase.
process add - on changes from the add - on dependency checker.
update the uidefaultcolor based on the uidefaultparentname.
converts an int array to a string.
this method is called when the idle state begins.
adds a cached span to the in - memory representation.
compares this uri to another, for equality.
repaints all children of this panel.
validates if the given dns name is valid.
read a comment from the input at the given index.
finds the index of the next occurrence of the escape character in the string.
tries to guess the content type from the given url.
extracts the token from the csv output.
connect to the server and log to the log writer.
do cache header validation.
get the active ivr zoneset.
returns an empty immutable array.
replaces all non - optional non - minus nodes in the list with the given ordered list.
returns a string representation of the accountable.
returns a hash code value for this object.
deletes a type vertex from the graph.
reads the content of the given reader into a list, and returns it.
adds cache context.
returns true if the method is a cglib get callback method.
compares two namedmediatypes by name.
returns true if any of the dependencies have been modified.
creates a new imagereplaceableimageelement for the given css width and height.
returns true if the fxg version is greater than the current version.
creates a datasource from the given properties.
returns the set of locations associated with the given object.
scroll the current item to the center.
adds a meta object to this metaclass.
removes the specified word from the dictionary.
add two negative numbers of the same length.
adds an item to the recent menu.
invokeall ( empty collection ) returns result.
called when a configuration value declares a package.
closes the underlying input stream.
creates the blockmirror data.
starts the coap server.
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other list
this method is called when an exception occurs during the session.
clears the result and sets the text to empty.
returns a string representation of the given collection.
check if value between min and max.
replaces the string in the given string buffer with the string parameters.
finds the index of a qualifier in an array node.
returns true if multiple frames are allowed, false otherwise.
parses the configuration from the given xml file.
creates a toc file from an array of rpf file paths and writes it to an output
posts an event to the event queue.
chooses the server alias to use for the given key type and certificate issuers.
processes a single bmp image.
instantiates a new path handler.
load the lines of xml from the reader.
loads the ignore pattern from the given source folder.
remove an argument from the mutation if it is present.
this is used to determine if the provided string looks like a " a " or " b "
constructs a pkcs8pkcs8attribute from a pkcs8attribute.
creates a new note in the database.
make sure that the transaction ids in the given messages are not 0 and differ between each other.
adds the next node to the list.
handle a property change in the configuration dialog.
read a utf - 8 string from the stream.
adds an integer to a linked list.
resets the item stack for the top of the grid.
returns the next token.
gets the repaint manager for the specified component.
returns true if the wwn represents a recoverpoint initiator.
check if a string is a valid wwxml character reference.
writes the contents of the buffer to the underlying output stream.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end - user
remove wheel clicking listener.
adds the given section to the list of sections.
calculates the preferred position for a tabbed pane.
adds all the values in the given vector to the end of this vector, expanding its capacity
copies all bytes from the input stream to the output stream.
adds a new rule to the mime matcher.
validates a number input.
send message to workers until specified stopcount is reached.
converts a string into an arraylist.
pick a charset to use.
convert a positive bigdecimal to an engineering string representation.
removes all of the elements from this vector.
adds a layer to the map.
reads a set of rules from the given reader.
returns the list of words that should be applied to the managed data.
writes a portion of an array of characters.
detects the episode from the filename.
creates an operation that creates an array of the given type.
fire an event to all registered sparqllisteners.
sets the preference type.
expunge stale entries from the table.
returns true if the string contains only digits.
tells whether a given type is a char.
construct a key from its encoding.
convert a calendar instance to a java date.
checks if is client authentication.
creates the image file panel.
write a line to the writer.
returns the child at the specified index.
checks the current user's permission to modify threads.
returns a function that returns value as a parameter.
removes leading and trailing quotes from the given string.
check if the namespace of an attribute is defined.
tests that the user data handlers are notified of shallow clones.
creates a new dsubjectalternativename dialog.
static version of lastindexof, to allow repeated calls without needing to re - acquire array
create a new floatcolumn.
read project record ( in fact does nothing ).
purges a single entry from the cache.
checks whether the user has permission'convertermanager.
indicates whether some other artifact coordinates are equal.
checks the dimensions of the given matrix.
imports the data from a change into this document.
returns the printwriter used to write to the specified document.
creates a new fuzzy query with the given text and boost.
creates a call chain info object for the given statement.
starts the playback of a single track.
validates that a string is not empty.
resets the current thread context to null.
converts a collection of objects to a list of parameter values.
logouts the user with the given username.
creates an operation to update or create a network interface.
creates a facade for the given code source.
creates a jdpbroadcaster object.
closes the rrd file.
rotate vector counter - clockwise in degree.
gets the contents at the given uri.
adds a mapping from the specified fieldnumber to the specified data, replacing the previous mapping if
hides the border of this view.
removes the specified btxn from the list of filters.
adds a point to the observed points list.
adds the tag id.
sets the ssl socket to support tls. intolerant.
returns a list of executions ordered from root to leaf.
initialize the t - kernel parameters.
recursively serializes an expression tree.
initialize the internal frame menu buttons.
return a workflow. method for restorefromclone.
remove a data source listener.
returns a substring of the given string ending at the given length ( ends at the end of the
clears name attribute from all unoccupied blocks.
unserializes a serialized object.
called when grid is stopped.
pushes folder name to the stack of templates.
prints the depth - first enumerator.
adds a new event to the tracker.
create a new dbschemaejb generator.
initializes all components used in dialog.
this method is called when the scan is opened.
adds an abbreviation for a primitive.
initialize the tile map based on the entity type.
locates the replicator home directory.
create a new stringdata.
writes a repeated double value ( in sqr2 format ).
appends the string representation of the float argument to this string buffer.
execute command to open a file.
adds a track to the schedule and returns a string representation of the destination track.
flush the output buffer and close the underlying output stream.
normalize a path by removing trailing commas and leading commas.
returns a random number between 0 ( inclusive ) and 1 ( exclusive ).
record the given deployment.
hook method just before the start ( ) method is called.
called when a dlsn has been successfully validated.
shuts down my sql cleanup thread.
appends the contents of the buffer to the end of the data.
parses a template and returns the result.
this method is called when a custom from tag is created.
writes the image at the given path to the jpeg image.
check if there is any image server in the db.
returns nanoseconds since epoch.
removes an extension from the list of extensions.
find the suballocated intvector containing the namespace context for the given element node index.
adds an observer to the set of observers for this object.
computes the euclidean distance to a given node.
format a pattern into a stringbuffer.
adds a new keyword with the given id.
releases a field of an owner.
converts list of alert entity objects to list of alertdto objects.
screen the given executor if we are running on a common thread pool, otherwise return the original executor
adds a group properties listener.
this function edits a global function comment.
clears all existing sessions.
returns true if the given entry dn exists in the persistent store.
unpacks the compressed character map.
initialize native library.
helper method for hashing a wrapper name.
process notification of the start of an xml element being reached.
checks whether a value for the given key is a string.
this function createas multiple partition regions on nodes specified in the vmlist.
construct an orthogonal matrix from a zmatrix.
check the ant version.
builds the network with braches.
compares two characters sequences starting at the specified index.
divide zero by zero.
returns an enumeration of the productions in the rule.
adds the given node to the list of source nodes that extend the given reference.
returns true if the specified event is disabled.
creates new dimportkeypairpair dialog where the parent is a dialog.
transform an array of points with no touch.
convert escaped function name to function name.
returns a string representation of this object.
adds a listener to the session.
converts a timestamp to a path.
prints a user message.
connects the socket to the given address and port.
checks if is access modifier.
handles an append request failure.
selects an appropriate preview size pair for a given camera that is closest to the given desired width
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects.
decodes the given byte array using the utf - 8 encoding.
returns a map of attributes to lower case.
accept the annotations of this method.
create a list from passed objx parameters.
reads the next part of the file.
checks if is multi line tabbed.
computes the parameters of the kernel density function.
translates a data type from one vendor to another.
find the minimum of all elements in the array, ignoring elements that are nan.
moves the selected item down.
creates a new jar with the given path.
shuts down the executor service now.
converts a collection of file paths to a collection of relative paths.
unlock / install dialogs.
offset the start time by the specified recurrence rule, if necessary.
rounds the x, y, and z values of this vector3 up to the nearest integer value
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
removes all elements from the frontier that are not explored.
parse the attributes passed to the view from the xml.
concatenates two byte arrays.
assert no complete successfully or error signal has been received.
asserts that the given argument is true.
returns true if the given calendar is before today.
build the login ui.
unmap the volume from scsi initiator.
returns the contents of this list as a collection.
add an arc to the given path.
parses the given string and stores the results in the given block.
fill a portion of an array with random bytes.
removes all scanning callbacks.
reads bytes from the file.
handles the creation of a manager.
checks that the current shape matches the new one, and that the shapes are the same.
checks if the given file is visible.
appends two strings in a copy of the input array.
deletes the object from the database.
construct a string from a subarray of bytes using the specified encoding.
initialize an itemset for a search.
computes the bounds of the editor.
reads into an array of bytes.
creates a new cuboid around the given coordinates.
compute the log marginal likelihood of a model using a smoothed method.
returns true if the message starts with " new " or ends with " new ".
installs properties from the useragentgenerator and osx system properties.
writes doubles from the given double array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position
loads the recipients for the given address type from the given address map.
checks whether the extension of the filename is that specified.
sets the lock time to the current time.
adds a new padstack to this one.
creates a new instance of argsbase.
the start of a content model.
create an omraster, lat / lon placement with a radius.
creates an input source from a string.
returns the root preference node for the user.
returns a string representation of the socket identifier.
pushes a string onto the top of this stack.
reads the content of a file into a string.
get the x coordinate of a tile.
creates an input object with the given parameters.
create a class manager.
performs a swap operation on the current display surface.
returns the last login time.
returns a stream of the words in the given text.
add an app to the adapter.
returns a new joiner that will match iff there is at least one value matching the field
removes the you tube markup.
creates a dash array string from a list of floats.
find the position of a pattern in the database.
load all files in the directory.
reads a line of input and returns it as a string.
checks if the given table exists.
processes colons in the url.
returns true if the given script contains the given delimiter.
writes compressed bytes to the output stream.
establish an invariant that the specified service has not joined the quorum.
process one block of input from the array in and write it to the out array.
prints a string to the console.
adds the given connection groups as children of their respective parents.
loads the map from the given input stream.
adds a line decoration.
parses the link title.
adds a new value to the series.
sets the closed flag to true, and sets the closed flag to false.
returns the number of elements in the array.
create a warning diagnostic.
creates a new destructurer with the given parameters.
handles delete request.
checks to see if the connection is healthy.
adds the given column at the given index.
initializes all components used in dialog.
compute the norm of a vector.
get the value as a string.
returns a hash code value for the object.
converts the maximal edge rings into minimal edge rings.
removes a listener on image sharing events.
update the size of the wave file.
write the new journal to the output file.
returns true if the charsegment matches the string.
this method cannot be called directly.
computes the maximum value for each series.
adds a channel to the model and broadcasts a channel add event.
joins an array of objects into one string.
checks if the store has the specified trait.
create supply for boundline.
returns the number of parameters in the parameter list.
load the values for this step from an xml node.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
readdata - - read the reference number from the input stream.
computes the dot product of this vector with the given dense vector.
generates the code for the main subroutine.
computes the sample standard deviation.
trims the capacity of this list to be the specified size.
setbit ( int n ) outside zero.
compare a date with a boolean.
decode the next chunk of solution set data.
instantiates a new udp client.
multiply all values in the map by a given value.
check if the level is higher than the current level.
compute the children of a folder.
quote the absolute path of the given file.
reads data from net.
clears all maps and tombstones.
removes an imageconsumer from the list of consumers interested in data for this image.
is navigation at the bottom of the screen.
update the aperture value.
builds an invocation object from the given invocation object.
compute mark based on passed / failed / needmore info.
gcd : the first number is zero.
tests capture of king moves.
validates a list of expressions and returns the results as a list of objects.
returns a unescaped relative directory string.
pick the encoding to use based on the character stream associated with the input source.
generates the url for a particular category.
returns true if the thread should expire or be killed.
displays the beginning of the control.
decode a 64 - bit texture atlas.
creates the script for the test.
return a real number with a cauchy distribution with mean & gamma ;.
adds the given group to the list of job groups that will never be deleted by this job
print the entire layout.
request a poll read.
adds a field to run the multi match against.
encode the polynomial into the output stream.
signal that no acks have been received.
returns a string representation of the given integer array.
copies the source to the target, creating a new array if necessary.
computes the great circle distance from this location to the given location.
parses the manifest file into a list of input splits.
read a number of bytes.
fire when an operator has been moved.
removes a individuals from the population.
modifies the variable id.
repeats the specified string count times.
wait for the state change.
pick a node from the graph that is closest to the leaf that can be solved.
creates a new instance of adduserfields.
parse an integer value from a string.
find bounds of the node with the given id.
shuts down the specified workers.
return a clone of the frame.
calculate the percentage of states that need to be flapping.
mangles a method name.
save the state of this object.
consumes to the first sequence provided, or to the end of the queue.
print out a list of defined ips.
disposes the encoder and decoder out of the session.
calculate the number of transpositions between two char sequences.
parses the given string ( as json object ) and returns an object corresponding to it.
returns a stream of the elements in this stream.
registers a mod with the manifest.
arranges the container with no width or height.
checks if the given content type is equal to the given message's content type.
generates an x509 certificate for the given dn, public and key pair.
handles next button request.
checks all the dependencies of a module.
beancontextmembershiplistener method. called when a bean leaves the beancontext.
checks that a directory can be written.
returns a string representation of this time value.
writes default serializable fields to stream.
report the beginning of an entity.
returns true if the given name is a java keyword.
extract the import url from a regex matcher.
two collators are equal if their strength and decmp are equal.
runs the test case.
renames an object type, e.
writes a list of files to an output file with the given tag name.
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog.
ensures that the auth system caches are invalidated.
flatten a byte [ ] into an xmlserializer.
writes a list of strings to a file.
cancel all requests with the given tag.
helper method to snap a line between two points.
returns a new record that is a sub - set of the given record.
queue an operation for execution.
interprets a string as a set of cells.
returns a new shape that is a transformed version of the shape.
prints a list with the specified indentation.
initializes all components used in dialog.
validates an ocsp revocation status against a cert.
returns the composite type for the given alpha composite rule.
removes a tracking icon from the map.
find all phonemes in the machine.
returns a new file object with the parent path removed.
returns true if a is almost equal to b.
ends the current element.
java. util. arrays # fill ( byte [ ], int, int, byte ).
opens a new element.
calculates the logarithm of a given value.
upload file to dropbox.
creates a zip file and deletes the file.
remove a handler for a column.
returns true if the image is empty, false otherwise.
restores the badges from the previous restore state.
sets the current time to the current time and updates the worker's time.
create a catalog entry of the specified type.
add a message waiting to the queue.
push a new top value onto the stack.
logs the hierarchy of the given class loader.
add a gossip member to the list of peers.
get the list of files to be logged.
returns whether case sensitive encryption is enabled.
this is used to determine if the provided node is a namespace definition.
returns a hash code value for this object.
creates a new sub - configuration model.
tests this dataset for equality with an arbitrary object.
for custom purposes. not used by colorpickerpreferrence.
perform the default action.
start the traversal at the given node.
called at the end of an element.
cancels all the requests on this endpoint.
returns the value at the given attribute index.
find the value associated with the key.
decodes the given base58 string into the original data bytes.
construct a template sub pattern association.
deletes the file, closes the file, deletes the file, and then deletes
returns true if any of the annotations in annotype have a prefix.
tries to format the given string without throwing an illegalformatexception if the format is not satis
gets log instance.
receives one byte from the port and returns its value.
check the given resource for a constraint violation.
validates an imdb id.
shows recorded video.
writes a list of coordinates to the output.
checks if the exception is an exception of the specified type.
swap the matrices so that the largest value is on the pivot.
returns true if the popup can be used within the task bar.
creates a job to create a new cluster.
find all main classes in a given directory.
validates an xml string.
read the attribute values ( if any ) from the xml document.
returns true if the given access code is compatible with an instant run.
create a sequence from an array of asobjects.
creates a new threadedlistenermanager with the given executor service as a parent.
reads the default serializable field values for this object.
computes the offset for a line segment.
returns the element at the specified position in this vector.
parses the qos rules from the json object.
converts a string to octets for use in an asn.
formats a double value to the specified number of decimal places.
flushes this output stream and forces any buffered output bytes to be written out to the stream.
returns true if the length of the string is at least the given maximum length.
creates a bounding box that is proper between two points.
add a button for clearing the graph data.
returns the normalized levenshtein distance between two strings.
create a text file with the given number of lines.
determine if the expression is an animal.
unify line separators in a string.
adds a notification to the list of notifications.
creates a new nfs datastore.
check the size of the array and increase if needed.
creates a new album.
checks that the given substring is a valid internal class name.
creates a shadow task for tasks that are to be executed when the capture session is done.
removes the last character of the given name if it is quoted.
checks if a player is a leader.
performs a redo of the last operation on the specified text editor.
reports a cancellation result or a completion exception.
writes a protein object to a url.
test convert. convert ( string [ ] [ ] sqle ).
write the contour to a sptk file.
starts the current thread with the given timeout.
finds an element with the given name.
make a star regular expression.
removes the specified element from the selection.
passes mouseevent straight through to delegate.
prints a formatted string to this output stream, using the specified format string and arguments, and
transforms the xml source to the result output.
tests comparison of attributes before elements.
adds an instruction to the suffix list.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
closes the selector if open.
returns the value of subtracting the two numbers.
sets the required attributes of a resource.
shows a history dialog that allows the user to retrieve the commands currently in the history.
returns the number of elements in the queue.
reads the contents of an inputstream and returns it as a byte array.
construct a streamable from an publisher.
creates a new protobuf connection.
the real guts of parsenetworkresponse.
find a notification by its id.
create a new green gradient.
writes the given histogram to the specified file.
converts a stage of a stage of a stage of a stage of a value into a stage of
add a number to a character.
clips the given string to the given width if the string width is larger than the availtext
removes the specified object from the queue.
adds a new slide.
wraps a string to fit at most a given maximum width.
creates a direct float buffer, and copy coords into it.
publish a message to an mqtt server.
cleans a directory without deleting it.
inverse wave function for sub - band interpolation.
moves a file or directory to a new location.
loads the security properties from a file.
close an inputstream without throwing an exception.
clears the scan files.
starts a process and checks its output and error output.
below method will be used to start file based merge.
gives notification that there was an insert into the document.
creates new exception with given message, parsed data and error index.
returns true if there are parallel siblings of source component and target component.
reads an object from the stream.
subtract two positive numbers of the same length.
creates a new plaintext component with the given integer.
returns true if the given calendar is'today '.
creates a new port and starts listening.
pretty printing accumulator function for doubles.
converts an android yuv image into a bitmap.
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation.
test if the dom implementation supports a specific " feature " - - currently meaning language and level there
assigns a port to be used based on the list of matching target ports and the port usage
returns the next event in the queue.
append points to a string buffer.
updates a jcombobox with the latest tracks.
creates a new transformer.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
open the compare box.
adds the given resource to the list of resources to be loaded.
returns true if the string argument is a valid numeric value.
encodes the given string using the utf - 8 encoding.
atomically adds the given value to the current value.
returns the current time in the given unit.
append a name / value pair to a list.
creates a properties object from the specified location.
calculates the weight of a plan.
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified.
find the matching value in the value box.
creates a directory if it does not exist.
calculates the logarithm of a given value.
raises the x, y, and z values of the given vector3 to the given power.
receives response packet from server.
convert temperature values to rgb color values.
sets the name mapper for the advanced state map.
java. util. arrays # fill ( boolean [ ], int, int, boolean ).
adds the specified collection at the end of this vector.
format the output using the default conversion rules.
returns the resource name for the given table name and resource type.
updates the locationtrackcombobox and destinationtrackcombobox depending on the current state of
returns the tip text for this property.
returns a string containing all namedvalues concatenated by a specified separator.
returns the source class for an attribute based on the distribution.
flush the output stream and close the underlying stream.
request a group data packet.
serializes cookie object into string.
skips the given number of bytes.
resumes the animation. it will be paused and the animation will continue.
subtract two numbers of different scales.
adds this callback to the prototype callback.
create a new instance of the alltoallpanel.
see if a function is available.
allocate p_section_count number of sections to be searched.
returns true if this cache needs to be refreshed.
get a number of pseudo random bytes.
constructs a weight distribution for the given dataset.
removes the last extension.
delete the attribute value.
normalizes a data frame by dividing the values between min and max.
check if the scheme is a socket scheme.
add a leaf to its parents if it does not already have a parent.
adjusts the list of block listeners for a range of blocks.
hex - encode the given byte array.
clamp a size to a maximum area.
create a new instance.
returns a string representation of this set.
encode the input data producing a base 64 encoded byte array.
draws an outline of a direction.
adds an observer to the list of observers for file modification events.
the natural log of the probability density function of the distribution.
adds the given number as the last chunk in the program.
creates a new instance of a provider.
adds an action to the list of actions.
creates a new polygon with three points.
reads the json value from the json array for specified index.
waits for the given element to not be present in the page.
assert that this testsubscriber has terminated, throwing an exception if it hasn't.
returns true if the video is a vimeo url.
returns true if the task was cancelled.
push a subcontextlist onto the top of the stack.
update file downloaded information in the database.
dumps the options for the current profile.
parses a language resource.
gets the log probability of starting states for all characters in each language.
remove a container from the list of containers and cancel the request if it is empty.
creates a new kernel density function from the given points.
clones the given object and returns it.
returns true if there are more than two points in the path.
creates a new zip entry with the specified name.
test where the statement is executed in a separate thread.
read a dictionary from an inputstream.
adds a vertex to this value graph.
create the view to model array.
returns the set of files that have been set by this policy.
is operating system mac?.
checks if the given throwable is assignable from any of the given set of classes.
encodes all queued messages and returns them as a string.
prints an integer to the stream.
returns a map of item sets with their support divided by the number of supported item sets.
checks if is all alpha.
converts a hexadecimal character to an integer.
throws an error if the specified library name could not be loaded.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
saves the certificate to a file.
adds a filter to the or query.
send a debug log message.
updates the statistics for the given row of execution.
test of ctor 2, of class bigdatasail.
returns a string representation of this node.
returns true if the trace at the given keep point is split, false otherwise.
flips all bits in place in the specified byte array.
set the document source for this request.
adds the users to the configuration.
tries to drain the buffers from the backing store.
copies a file from one location to another.
encode properties to string.
generates xml in the rss format.
tests comparison of different elements.
deletes a directory recursively.
converts a string representation of a date / time stamp into a timestamp object.
returns true if the string starts with a new hunk.
removes all values from the map.
read a map of name / value pairs.
converts a string to a byte array.
plays a sound file for a given user.
sets the hook to run when the jvm exits.
returns the sample intervals as a 2 - dimensional array.
searches the specified collection for the minimum element using the specified comparator.
checks the sha - 1 hash of a file.
adds a key to the list of value keys.
update the assignment to a new border.
returns the name of the constant with the given character value.
splits the given string into lines.
draws the plot on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer )
add a hole to the exterior of this shell.
registers all desktop components.
initialize the retained fragment instance.
skips bytes in the input stream.
generate a 64 bit hash id for the shared key.
creates a new create - xxx sub - command for an optional relation.
creates a new dsubjectalternativename dialog.
reads a line element.
creates a new list model initialized with an array of items.
returns true if field calltype is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise.
maps the source for this outermost enclosing type.
create a new jeditorpane.
computes the db metrics for the vnx storage system that has been configured for the given v
see the general contract of the readshort method of datainput.
create a replication job to copy a partition.
this method is called when executing this application from the command line.
find all orders that match the given criteria.
indicates if this file represents a file on the underlying file system.
finds the first stage that matches the given path.
calculate the t - measure for the given correlation coefficients.
runs a list of bootstrappers.
checks that the header id of the index is the same as the one read from the input.
returns the serialized form of this object as an array of bytes.
saves the named buffer to the file.
schedule storage for the src_vpool.
returns a list of full paths relative to basedir.
returns true if the file is specifying a module specifier, false otherwise.
inserts the expected pool settings per tier into the expected list.
transfer all data from one stream to another.
returns the position of the path starting at the given unit level.
attempts to read more data.
adds a numeric training class.
parses the groups from the given json object.
handle a drag gesture.
returns true if the specified character is an identifier character.
add a header line.
loads the address of a column from the database.
url - encode the given string.
appends parameters to the url.
notify the serializer that we are about to start a new element with the given prefix and uri.
guesses the mime type from the file name.
test advance ( ) for all terms with at least minnrshouldmatch terms.
returns true for a public field.
return true if the encumbrance budget can be released.
creates a transferable to use as the source for a locale.
put a length value.
adds a generic font family.
writes a reference to the given node.
parses a data value.
returns true if no individuals were added.
formats the date using the specified formatter.
get the class name in dotted form.
creates a new dviewcertkey dialog.
play the next video in the playlist.
invokes the specified method of the specified object with the specified parameters.
copy nodelist members into this nodelist, adding in document order.
returns the rotate stream associated with the given path.
cleans up the history of numbers if the size of the history of numbers exceeds the maximum size
extract values for this object from the styled attributes.
creates a log message.
translates an action string into a label string.
returns true if can load.
gets the value as a boolean.
returns true if the argument is a syntactically valid boolean value.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end - user
formats the date using the specified formatter.
initialize the source code map.
returns the upper triangular factor.
returns the set of error codes that are allowed to be duplicated.
returns true if field is visited, false otherwise.
removes a download from the completed list.
adds the shingled phrase queries to the main query.
returns the digest as an xml id.
creates a new snapshot of the volume.
store log file in database.
merges two properties files.
deletes the preferred language of a existing user.
called when the prepared media player is ready to play.
parses a single parameter value.
skips specified number of bytes.
send this message to all players in a radius.
create an ecdhegroup instance from a supported group id.
adds a single header to a message.
returns a string representation of this object.
recreates workspace table and recreates it.
executes a n1ql parameterized statement with named parameters.
ends all open tags and closes all open tags.
description of the method.
links last node. returns true if successful.
draws the divider for a given child.
creates a new formspec with the provided description.
decodes the data from the given stream, and returns the list of decoded objects.
writes a little - endian int.
writes an double field value.
calculate the next creature in the quest.
validate the schedule interval and start time.
deletes a trait from an entity represented by a guid.
adds a collection of tables.
writes a template file to a writer.
clears the cache and starts a thread to load the cache.
returns the index of the specified rounded tool item in the adapter.
adds an attribute to the message.
executes all tasks in the queue.
run a full import.
returns the user id within the specified id range.
starts the consumer, if it hasn't started yet.
generates code that generates sign and overflow flags for binary operations.
returns true if the label of the given cell is movable.
write type list item into current section.
load configuration properties from a resource.
close an inputstream without throwing an exception.
create a new transaction.
skips characters until the next character in the stream is the specified character.
converts a package name to a file path.
tests if the specified object is a key in this map.
returns true if the given fragment is valid.
increases the capacity of and internally reorganizes this cache, in order to accommodate and access
load and save the pois from assets.
creates the xml element for a colour value.
check if the given tag has been done in the given scope since the last time the tag was
reacts to a change in the operator of a variable.
add header name and value.
check if a request is duplicate.
check if a view is hidden.
deletes a file or directory and all subdirectories and subdirectories.
returns true if the menu bar is the border tool bar for the specified component.
construct a node in the result tree.
create a priorityqueue from a word - > tf map.
invokes the closure for each object in the given stream.
exits the process with the given status.
computes the distance between two points in meters.
processes an auth challenge.
calculate a ( p ^ q ).
create new costq record and save to database.
adds an undo event to the undo list.
establish the cache if it's not already there.
append the given text and imagespan to the spanny.
validates a password using a hash.
returns a list of snapshots in the repository sorted by snapshot creation date.
adds the given certificate to the list of certificates managed by this object.
multiply zero by a number.
this method is used to clean the static variables in the method node.
paints the background of a tab.
builds an automaton from the terms in the given hash.
returns the range of values the renderer requires to display all the items from the specified dataset.
shuts down the admin server.
number of threads in the process.
assigns a role to a user.
creates a default threadpool, with a default keepalive.
writes the initial styles.
encode a collection of parameters into a base64 string.
test where each operation locks only a single resource and there is only one resource to be locked
run the next command in the delta queue.
stops the thread that is waiting for the connection to close.
load document from resource.
java. math. bigdecimal # divide ( java. math. bigdecimal, java. math
removes an annotation from the dataset at the specified index.
replaces all occurrences of a character in the string.
creates a new file or updates an existing one.
adds a callback matcher that will be called every time a message is received.
should the cell be selected.
add two positive numbers of the same length.
add a class node to the bug.
attempts to format the given string without throwing an illegalformatexception if the format is not satis
parse the uppercase mapping attribute for a unicode character.
this method is the entry point for the thread.
creates a new zip file with the specified size.
returns true if the new name is a valid name for a playlist.
imports xml from a file.
log the addition or removal of a row in the log.
a method to construct a default digest method type with a default hashalgorithm.
creates a new set containing only the vertices in the specified collection sampled.
creates a new gremlintransactionmanager object.
shifts all beans from one place to another.
this method is called in background thread to load positions.
execute all make operations.
this method is called when a text node is deleted.
instantiates a new application environment.
create a new producerworker for the given topic and message.
called when a tab is added to the foreground.
returns true if the given functions are allowed.
load org accesses from database.
closes the disk cache associated with this imageprovider object.
creates a map of volume uri to lununassigned for an exportmask.
closes the underlying sockets and socket streams.
returns the larger of the three arguments.
gets the output and error streams from a process and reads them to keep the process from blocking
adds command line arguments.
returns matching node or null if none.
draws the axis on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer )
reads the contents of the fetchlist into a list of urls.
creates a random colour.
parse a category string into a diagnostickindcategory and whether it is fixable.
legacy processing of property read methods.
instantiates a new sptk file.
aborts the task and cleans up resources.
adds a csp listener.
prints the given message to the specified print stream, wrapping it with the specified maximum line width
removes a range of mappings as a batch of mappings.
asserts that the result set meta data contains the expected null values.
computes the bounding boxes for each contour.
add a timeline to the timelines list.
loads the lob file ( s ).
paints the component, using the ui.
copies the given array into a new list, with the given capacity.
send the event to all registered listeners.
updates a set of keys for a given region.
load the extensions from the given extensions object.
deletes all addresses of a existing user.
set the limit for the query.
checks if file exists.
skips the given number of characters.
adds payment methods to the class.
converts a file name to a valid file name using the default charset.
copy a url to a file.
updates the deltas needed to draw the border.
creates an authentication configuration.
trims the given text and places all leading and trailing whitespace into the given aspan.
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster.
send the remaining bytes of the buffer to the client.
calls the given event.
finds the first file in the list that is to be opened, or null if none can be
returns true if the two strings are equal, depending on the case matters.
execute shell commands, default return result msg.
populates a blob with the given data.
removes a local file's observer.
makes this map immutable.
appending the isnull operator clause.
removes all elements from the hash.
update favorite status in db.
appends all of the elements in the specified collection that are not already contained in this list,
saves the current analysis state to the specified file.
returns an iterator over the dependencies of this capability.
parse an integer from a string.
creates a new header from the contents of a charbuffer.
convert a java. util. date to a date string.
executes the google client, back off, and returns the result.
checks the server response code.
adds a new resource source.
commits changes to panel.
attempts to connect p_from_point to the target item.
handle generic motion events.
add a qualified class to the class loader.
edits the given element with the specified column.
creates a new instance of fpsecpolynomial.
serialize a dom document to a string.
compute the area of a triangle.
reads a value from the repository.
casts a list to array object remove empty elements.
searches the specified collection for the minimum element.
creates a new server with the specified address and port.
tostring returns current value.
ask the user if they want to find a club.
create a new pdf from a line of text.
converts a collection of inetaddress to an array of strings.
show authenticated pilot's profile.
creates a new instance of smoothmoves.
update price lists of a product.
checks all the dependencies of a module.
clearbit ( int n ) inside a positive number.
deserializes funnels from a list of objects.
appends a parameter type to the given method descriptor.
adds a catch - clause to the end of this block.
streams the given bytes to the browser.
unlocks the given key.
returns a sub list of orders starting at the specified index.
ensures that all schema versions in the schema list are reachable.
removes all elements from the stack.
create a new empty tile store.
returns true if this storedblock has more work than the other.
parses a single token.
returns true if the url points to a jar file.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
applysettimestamp adds to the batch the query used to change the server timestamp, if needed
creates a new accessor.
adds the duration to the current time.
below method will be used to add new row.
decode the hex encoded string data - whitespace will be ignored.
unwind a native stack frame.
schemewalk is the implementation for walking a file or directory.
checks if the mime type is image.
create a new fxgroup.
calculates the size of the cache based on the value of a specific key.
returns the absolute value of all elements in the matrix.
removes the specified attribute.
prepares the preview texture for the given camera.
parses an option for an exception element.
rotates the given image by 180 degrees while changing the ratio of the picture.
update the finantare value.
display calendar according to selected resource.
creates a linestring from the given coordinatesequence.
trims an array to be exactly the target a size.
closes this connection, if it has not already been closed.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection via the named event.
subtract the specified number of droidflakes.
process an array of bytes, producing output if necessary.
returns true if service type requires resource name, false otherwise.
command line entry point.
macro : add : parses s, adds v u, fmts.
constructs an authoritykeyidentifierstructure from the passed in x.
opens the specified jar file.
removes all emails from this user.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer src, bytebuffer [ ]
instantiates a new password provider.
determines if a character is a letter.
call the visitors on all the argvec elements.
create a link to a resource.
returns true if the given token is an expression.
destroys this graph, setting all values to their default values.
creates a new uri that points to the given file.
process request for a play frame.
performs a binary search over the specified sorted list using the specified comparator.
indicates to the stream that all data has been written to the target stream.
returns a vector of the elements in the state that can be found at the start of the state
removes the specified region entry and its associated value from this map.
create a new hashdatacache with the specified algorithm.
marshalls an enum value.
resets all listeners to their initial state.
indicates whether a file of the specified file type can be written from the specified sequence.
calculates the window naf ( non - overflowing naf ) of a big integer.
map a collection name based on the rules.
fills vector with random integers in the range [ min, max ).
returns the hash code value for this set.
this method is called when the animation is stopping.
returns true if the package name is equal to p_package_name.
draws the range markers ( if any ) for an axis and layer.
decrypts the given data using the given password and returns the decrypted data.
construct a vpf layer.
returns true if the given connection should be closed.
returns the hue, saturation, and lightness based on the current color settings.
returns a future that is resolved when the server shuts down.
returns true if this cache is unused.
change the directory on the server.
remove quotes from the column name.
returns true if the user has scrolled up.
refills the input buffer.
performs a search on the index using a query.
writes the end of the list.
returns a list of elements that have the given names as keys.
generates a byte array containing random data.
returns the tip text for this property.
get a list of jobs based on a job request.
returns a binary representation of this polynomial.
open the input stream.
adds a caret listener.
returns a singleton instance of serialsensormanager.
tests fail : always returns false.
encode the buffer to a string.
java. util. date # equals ( java. util. date d ) test of java.
parse the id from the same document uri.
mark a range of blocks as used.
instantiates a new chol matrix.
read n bytes from memory and return as a string.
shifts right an array of integers.
distinct aggregate function which update the distinct set.
removes a legion member from the database.
prints the contents of the buffer to the stream.
returns true if this method contains a soot. baf. body.
retains only the characters specified in retainchars.
deletes the first free http connection.
binary search for the index of the specified element.
cleans up the schedule by removing routes without departures and stops not used.
returns true iff the given reference is equal to the test.
takes a list of patches and returns a textual representation of the patches as strings.
write a newline at the current position.
this method validates the sort size.
called by native code when it finishes painting.
deletes the panel.
perform an asynchronous average operation.
returns the next token from this string tokenizer.
constructs a new htmlbuildersetting object.
returns a string representation of this route.
parses a macro from the given file.
delete all es input nodes and indices.
adds the given part to the list of parts.
terminates the fsync service and waits for it to terminate.
returns the farthest grid location in the direction.
computes minimal sample size for downscaling image so result image size won't exceed max acceptable
creates the main project tree pane.
returns the clean version of the given chain.
checks if the setup is done and throws an exception if not.
creates a new instance of the given fsclass and path.
utility method to add a new element to a node.
convert an inputstream to a string.
splits a name of a remote branch into its name and name.
encrypts the given outputstream using pbkdf2 using the given password.
pads the given string with the given character until it reaches the given length.
reloads the swipe state in the given view based on the position of the open state.
resets the iv to its original value.
multiply this matrix by a vertical flip matrix.
shuts down the jdbc session factory.
stringify an ip address.
creates a new action object.
converts a hex string to a byte array.
writes a string to the buffer.
creates a new collection of all permissions.
merges the given zones into the tzone and szone.
prints a message to standard output and then terminates the line.
read a specified chunk of data from an input stream.
compute the sum of int / float associations.
constructs a reverse geocode from a list of placenames.
patch a qname to make it conform to the naming convention.
creates a xml string from a tag.
creates a new another element with the current settings.
resets all counters and topic information.
rotate vector counter - clockwise in radian.
this method is called when the connection to the broker has been lost.
get the value of a header.
parses sparse fields from the query parameters.
sign the document using wssasml 1.
invoked when the target of the listener has changed its state.
adds a url to the list of urls to be scanned.
fills the interval with the given status.
resets the weights to initial values.
reloads the current page.
returns whether the given field is static.
returns the number of requests outstanding so far.
converts a byte array to a printable string.
initialize the loggers for the specified component.
fills the list from pos down to the first column.
removes a default value from the list of default values.
test verifies that put causes an eviction.
merge two signatures into one.
returns the hash code value for this object.
creates new grid exception with given throwable as a cause and source of error message.
enter a new initiator.
adds an option.
pause for the client to join.
this method gets called when a bound property is changed.
adds a frame to the transition.
scans the classpath for cassandra classes implementing the given implemented interface.
return the text in the cdata block.
returns true if the block needs a skylight update.
expands a rectangle by a given amount.
converts a string to a packet.
returns a string representation of this object.
checks if is initialized.
removes the given thread from being shutdown hooked.
calculates the number of transitions between two result points.
returns the string representation of the current value.
check the size of the camera.
appends a string to the buffer.
encodes the plaintext string into a binary stream.
gets the lookup list table.
returns the sum of the deltas.
returns true if the character is a word boundary.
execute a blocking operation on the primary.
write an array of characters.
creates a table with the given horizontal span.
returns a string representation of the type.
create a line from the last point, starting at the specified location.
checks basic missing value handling of the scheme.
disables all buttons in the interface.
load an artifact from a file.
tries to acquire the specified number of threads.
check if the last part of the string is a header end.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
instantiates a new ts schedule.
creates a new dviewsubjectkey dialog.
add a point to the end of the path.
returns true if the class is a cglib proxy class, false otherwise.
verifies that the discovery information was discovered.
generates a new analysis result set and saves it in the database.
updates the text views based on the current recharge information.
maps transaction to near / id.
stops the listener thread.
decode the data with the given private key.
derives the argb value for a color based on an offset between two other colors.
add a landing pad to the map.
creates a new attack strategy based on the given parameters.
creates a default threadpool, with default values : - a default threadfactory.
write a chunk to the server.
get an event by id.
gets the stored values for custom checkers.
this method will load the properties file.
prints this property list out to the specified output stream.
convert string to date.
calculates md5 checksum of a file or directory.
initialize the hash generator.
returns true if there are more records in the result.
sets the size of this list to be the same as the size of the list.
enters a new scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket.
returns the ascii board for a given position.
clears all caches and sections.
turns an iterator of nodes into a nodeset.
runs a task multiple times, waiting for the task to complete before returning.
creates the vm list.
adds a port to the map of used ports.
pop an element from the attribute set.
adds the key - value mapping to the cache.
remove model change listener.
fire a change event to all registered listeners.
creates the name for the connection.
discovers a host by its id.
reads a number of bytes from an inputstream into a byte array.
draw circles in reverse order.
adds or updates a node to the opennode queue, if it is not already there.
cast a java file object to a file object.
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height, and with new zero
build a random multi segment bipartite graph of given left and right sizes.
executes the given command.
updates the progress value for the current thread.
creates a new context handler for the given directory.
tests if this string starts with the specified prefix.
get the jsp initializers.
creates a new temporary directory in the default temporary directory.
tostring - return a string representation.
returns true if parentproductcategoryid is a child of productcategoryid.
input an instance for filtering.
list the columns for the given table.
adds a resource to the list of resources created at the given location.
release all semaphore objects and remove them from the list.
tests if this object is equal to another.
checks to see if the cluster has reached its quorum maintained.
schedules the next alarm.
requests that the server stop processing be stopped.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # enginecreatessl ( string name, int port )
joins arrays using given function.
splits the query and path components of the given url into queries and paths.
forward init of best selling report.
starts a new transaction.
adds a job to the dag.
resets the parser to the initial state.
adds a new constant.
adds the given data to the dataset.
returns the value of info gain.
removes a property constant from the property mask.
deserialize an object from a byte array.
divide the number of multi digits by the number of one digit.
shows the properties of the selected neurons.
encrypts a byte array.
returns true if there are changes of the given class's children ( recursively ) of the given
this class should not be instantiated.
removes all special characters from a string.
create a new runscriptaction.
adds an image to the view as a web image.
consolidates all installment tuples into a single map.
validate email address.
adds a directededge to the directededges list.
parses an application.
creates a new connection.
generates a human - readable report of the slot usage statistics.
adds a topic to the subscription store.
zips the given file.
generates a hashmap with the expanded state as keys and the expanded state as values.
adds a listener to the audiopacketbroadcaster.
create the extension from the passed der encoded value of the same.
creates a new environment with the given java path.
adds a callback to a method on a javascript object.
removes all blocks from the section.
writes a string to a file.
checks if a node is an operator variable access.
called by the picker for updating the header display.
compute the segments near a polyline.
adds an action to the list.
load the index file from the given input stream.
finds the url for a given class.
signoff a previously signed entry.
create non - cg active volume pair operation.
returns the timestamp that should be used for downsampling.
returns a string representation of this node.
notify the user of an error.
adds a templatesubpatternassociation to the head of the list.
create an iterator that will be called with the result of evaluating the expression.
read one or more values from the database.
throws an exception with a message.
return true if there are more deals to be signed.
adds an x500principal to the list of issuer principals.
builds the key selection.
filter the node map to only include the specified node.
write the given device to storage if we are master and mark it for last write.
runs the test case.
helps sort a range in an array of numbers.
removes the processor at the given index.
creates a trie with the given prefix and value and inserts it into the trie.
creates a by instance from a locator string.
notifies all listeners that a task was started.
throws an exception if this record has been destroyed.
upload an artifact to the server.
escapes bytes in the format used in utf - 8.
returns the types for the given array of objects.
adds securitytoken object to parent element of soap security token.
skips spaces and returns the index of the first space after start.
updates the viewpoint based on the current amplitude.
samples a random assignment from the distribution.
reads an x. 509 certificate from the given stream.
instantiates a new http client.
associate the given class type name with the specified key.
renames the given table.
handle error during read - ahead phase.
adds a floating point value to the list.
applies the current layout to the neurons in this neuron group.
( since linux 3.
calculates the layer size ( height ) for a given layer.
finds public static method ( static or non - static ) that is accessible from public class.
http get list of service cards by keyword.
add a phonenumber to this contact.
returns only the digits and plus signs of the matching string.
compares two methods for equality.
returns the first markersegment with the specified tag or null if none can be found.
open a file for reading.
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array of sources
this method publishes the items to the specified subscriber for the specified tenant.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end - user
checks that this uri is valid.
create the extension from the passed der encoded value of the same.
generates monthly periods for the whole year in which the given period's startdate exists.
creates an aes key.
valuechangelistener interface method. should not be called directly.
parses the response from the facebook api into a jsonobject.
loads the current version information from the spy server.
find a page of user using query by example.
add a static view to appear at the end of the recyclerview.
adds a sequence to the front of the queue.
returns a boolean value indicating whether this connection is read - only or not.
consume returns a result, if the result is positive, otherwise consume returns a positive result.
sets the parent expression of this expression and all its arguments to the given node.
returns true if this provider is registered with the underlying service.
adds a constant to the constant list.
bail the program with the given message and optionally print the usage statement.
asserts that two timestamps are equal using the specified epsilon.
instantiates a new spider xml configuration.
flushes the buffer to disk.
adds a new hop.
returns true if the queue is empty.
tests primitive instantiation.
reads the entries for the table from the segment reader.
returns the number of hosts in the net2initiatorsmap.
adds all certificates in the specified store to this store.
process a single lob.
generates sax events for the start of a namespace mapping.
prints this throwable and its backtrace to the specified print writer.
converts a list of dataflavors to an array of dataflavors.
test for correct error handling for a choice that has no icon element.
translates a set of attributes into a string of the format " yes ", " no "
returns the next message index id.
fills the fields with current values.
checks the security infos for the given endpoint against the given security infos.
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other list
converts an arraylist of byte arrays to a list of byte strings.
adds an index with the given type and column names.
sets the ssl key password.
create a new ensemble using the specified curator and base path.
creates a shortcut for the given character.
removes the smallest key and associated value in the subtree rooted at x.
resets the error counters.
writes the given source file to the given output stream.
sifts the type compounds into a map of target classes to position compounds.
updates the current location.
compares this string value to the specified value.
bind a progress property to the given value.
removes the given column.
write to the log file.
closes the database connection.
constructs a new editor from a bayes im wrapper.
remove an actionlistener from the forward and back projection buttons.
checks if the given index is a literal.
generate a granularity from a string representation.
creates a new worditerator for the default locale.
closes the index, releasing any system resources associated with it.
push a file to a remote location.
performs some processing on the given segment.
resizes the cache to the specified size.
split char ( uint8 ) to byte [ ].
pretty printing accumulator function for shorts.
init from a directory.
removes a bandwidth from the list of bandwidths.
exit with a process success code.
returns the current time in milliseconds since the epoch.
removes all non - whitespace characters from the given string.
generates a javadoc comment string.
extract properties from a list of namespaced properties.
removes the last row from the list.
ensures that the specified component is visible.
ends the representation protection set.
creates a new instance using the specified number formatters.
splits the given line n tokens.
initializes the timer with the given target and selector.
read the next field from the stream.
compute the result of adding two double values.
remove property change listener.
load the values for this step from an xml node.
computes a hash value for the given signature.
adds the trigger group name.
read a string from the input stream.
deletes the temporary files.
reads and decompresses the thumbnail image.
completed submit ( runnable ) returns result.
shrinks an area by the amount of space represented by this instance.
executes a query that is expected to return a JSON string.
builds an absolute set of stats.
serializes the classifier to the specified file.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
checks whether the given field is a partition tag.
arranges the container with a fixed width and no constraint on the width.
executes a query.
returns the index within the string of the first occurrence of search within the given range [ start,
increments the count for k.
sends an osc packet to the given client.
handle a key typed event.
fills in any mapped classes that are missing from the original classes.
reads this object out of a stream ( i.
create a program that satisfies an op_checkmultisig program.
deletes the instances at the given indices.
adds the listener as a listener of the specified type.
gc2gc - multi - dimensional garbage collection ( GC2 ).
returns true if basedate is between startdate and enddate.
adds a listener that will be called when the timeout expires.
converts a list of strings to an array of strings.
transforms the tool tip text.
writes a buffer to the underlying stream.
creates a new http request for the given url.
receive notification of character data inside an element.
appends a tag with the given name and value.
returns the extra information for this certificate token validation.
adds contents at the top level.
execute closure within a single instance of a sql statement.
writes a buffer to the underlying stream.
adds an index entry.
description of the method.
deletes from the given start index deleteat.
creates an event type with the given name, class, preconfigured, ispreconfigured
reverse transaction and delete.
returns true if the caller uses subject creds only ( i.
adds a field value pair to the request.
deletes the given storage.
performs an advanced asynchronous request.
returns true if the condition is met.
loads the entire index from the given binary input stream.
delete luns from lun group.
removes a set of locators from the set of known locators.
check if a choice is selected.
adds an operation to the progress bar.
sets the key store to use the given provider.
sets current worker count to the given value and returns true if successful.
creates a http connection from a list of http requests.
creates a new instance of tcpclient.
tests fix for bug # 22613 - getmetadata ( ) returns incorrect connection metadata.
amount of time that this process's waited - for children have been scheduled in kernel mode,
instantiates a program rewriter.
creates the settings menu.
writes a string to the given output stream.
determine if the supplied string is a valid java name.
creates the node and node args commands.
parse the package list and save measurements for each directory.
gets the error stream from a process and reads it to keep the process from blocking due to
deletes the string wherever it occurs in the builder.
returns the classes for the given parameter names.
this will trim all the gaz entries so that they have the same size.
checks if the prompt contains'select account '.
performs a quick sort of the given range of instances.
flips an image horizontally.
gets current thread's audit state.
returns true if the request is a terms request.
reads the segments from the file.
project time within 24 hours.
this method is used to update the min / max for a value that has no dictionary.
deserilize a struct object.
create and parse the command line options.
utility method to concatenate 2 byte arrays.
creates a new input stream from the specified file.
creates an extended dismax configuration.
writes the property value to the database.
computes maximum y value.
adds a focus cleared listener.
add an item listener.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
creates a mosaic levy that conforms to a certain pattern.
returns the rank of the specified value in the array.
negates the given predicate.
add margintop to mcontentchild, if not already present.
converts a hex string to a byte array.
send a buffer to the device.
fetches the entity schema from the server.
appends the given data to the given buffer.
returns a new real array of the same type as this one.
read partitions from a sequence file.
returns true if the given sequence number is less than the current max sequence number, false otherwise.
draw a line in 2d array.
performs some processing on the given item.
pushes a new element onto the stack.
compute the cardinality ( number of elements ) for the specified range.
create standard response header with optional cookie and print document.
cast a object to a long object ( reference type ).
finish the grid row.
tests that internal state of the object can not be changed by modifying initial array value.
shuts down the adb server, disconnects the bridge and terminates the connection.
called when a ping is received.
finds the index of an object literal, or - 1 if not found.
resets the viewable area.
test the current transfer rate.
adds an x509trustmanager to the list of managers.
returns an iterator over the children of this node.
create new folder if it doesn't exist yet.
i - empirical joint.
perform a test based on the given properties.
test of getscale method, of class testresultsetmetadata.
make a prettyprinted json text of an object value.
returns true if the specified retention policy is retained at runtime.
message processing test, start activity.
adds the given classpath to the current path.
loads directory structure for user id.
create a new individuum with the given dimension, filled with " dont_care
returns a list of all classes found at the given uri.
checks if the value is slavo germanic.
shuffles the inventory in place.
formats the given value according to the specified format number.
converts all of the characters in the specified string to lower case.
runs all steps in the given list in parallel, assigning each step to the given assignee
registers a transform uri.
removes this coroutine from the list of active coroutines.
shrinks the capacity of this string to the current length.
creates a new logical and condition.
drops data from the buffer to the given position, relative to the given absolute position.
creates a new instance of hopimpl.
updates the difficulty and the high score controls.
writes a character value to an output stream.
handle a loconet message.
executes the batchremove constructor.
method to determine if multiple additions are allowed for the given system name.
check if the given object class is present in the set of object classes.
writes an int field value.
returns the natural logarithm of the factorial of x.
blocks until all data has been written to the output.
atomically adds the given value to the current value of the field of the given object managed by
close a closeable object without throwing an exception.
appends a byte array to the file.
notify the list listeners of the changes.
converts an ip address integer to an inetaddress.
open a new aftp connection.
unpacks the compressed character translation table.
adds the key - value mapping to the cache iff there is no entry for that key
Determine the common suffix of two strings.
closes the input and output streams.
method to start the monitoring thread.
call when we have finished reading a video frame.
scales the label on the icon by the specified factor.
reads the default serializable field value for this object.
returns the string in lower camel case.
removes and returns the element at the head of the queue.
create a new add movie set action.
creates the rmi registry for the given port.
poll the monitor for new messages and dispatch them to the given handler.
resets the internal state.
if the last character in the buffer is a whitespace character, append a blank line to the buffer
handles duplicate request handler request.
returns true if the lease has expired.
makes the given visitor visit this stack map entry.
returns the special properties for this class.
handle a done query completion.
returns the list of former identities.
change the parameter and return the hastings ratio.
this method cannot be called directly.
returns a local date instance for the specified epoch day.
checks that empty caches have correct size.
returns the node with the specified hash, or null if none.
add a language to the list of languages.
returns the index of the smallest value in an array that is greater than ( or optionally equal to
adds a user to the users table.
applies blockmix128 to the values in h1 and h2, and places the result in
registers a network host.
add to - be - reconciled flow to the queue.
creates a jar file and writes the given map of bytes to the given stream.
appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided int value.
expect a server proxy failure.
remove a parameter from the parameter list.
recalculates the statistics for the given attribute.
returns true if this node has no children.
inserts a new column at the specified position.
returns the index of the first occurrrence of the string.
calculates the size of the rhs in terms of number of preceding symbols.
loads a scripted command from the given input stream.
invoke a compiled command.
computes the probabilities of the multinomial logistic responses.
adds a client to external storage.
deletes the given resource.
method that adds the export remove volume step.
inference using gibbs sampling.
removes the given token from the dbg table.
adjust min / pref size for components that span multiple rows.
parse the file and notify the listener.
escapes a single byte.
gets a network parameters from its id.
adds all certificates and crls from a certstore to this crl.
writes the body of this header to the specified stream.
finds the angle between two points.
appends whitespace to the writer.
clears the resource index with the given resource type name.
returns the raw bytes of this message in bigendian format.
generates the last 7, last 7, or 8 weeks where the last one is the day of
returns the set of labels associated with the vertex matching the pattern.
resets the unread counts for all rooms in the given section.
adds a category to the list of categories.
callobjectmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns an object.
tries to send all other messages to all connected hosts ordered by their delivery probability.
makes the current press color.
stream. of ( stream < string >, stream < string >, stream < string > )
caches the client user id.
returns matching node or null if none.
utility method to query the modifier flags of this member.
executes a task on the imagereceiver thread.
doit - get document id.
create a cellid from a given face, i and j.
updates the actions depending on the state of the project being edited.
closes this stream. this implementation closes the underlying stream.
truncates a phone number to be too short.
returns true if the given time is within the comparison epsilon.
optional histogram of the data.
creates a weekday label.
append a relative path to the end of the path.
returns the index of the substring within the value.
submit ( null callable ) throws nullpointerexception.
read a signed 32 - bit value.
add a directive to the preprocessor.
formats a long value into a string.
clears all previously lapped profiling results.
filter out elements that do not have a property with provided key.
adds an attribute value to an existing entity.
copies the input stream to the output stream.
prints the members of innerclass.
initializes the basic variables and rows for the basic matrix.
invoked when the mouse has been released on a component.
free space on windows.
attach a header to the message.
tries to find a phonemise word in a given position.
stops the operating system by setting the exit code to zero.
create a new state with the given value.
returns a hashcode for the specified object.
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one.
asserts that the actual pivot field value and count are equal.
returns a string representation of this object.
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer.
invokes the given filetree for each file in the given directory.
highlights all hashtags in the given text.
process one block of input from the array in and write it to the out array.
get the topic for a command.
throws an exception if the given array is null.
executes a http get request and returns the result as a stream.
test against the " void setseed ( byte [ ] ) " method ; it checks out that
flips an image vertically.
creates a new morfologikfilterfactory.
executes the callable catching and wrapping any checked exceptions as runtime exceptions.
pads the given string to the left.
returns a hashcode for this policyentry.
creates a unixterminal with the default character set.
determines if a cell is editable.
check if there are any online streams left in the list.
add a package name to the priority packages list.
action to be performed.
verify a certificate against a collection of crls, returning an error message if any of the crl
reads the standard input stream until the standard input stream is exhausted.
creates a new instance of audiocapabilities.
returns true if the edge labels should be rotated.
creates an extension responsecode.
creates the default inverse cumulative probability test test values.
appends the string representation of the boolean argument to this string buffer.
deletes a set of servers.
sort the specified range of the array into ascending numerical order.
report a fatal error.
add a terminal to the set.
recursively creates the znode and its children if they don't already exist.
stop recording, send quit message.
writes a tag to the underlying stream.
returns the hash code value for the certificate.
creates a new type variable with the same type as this one.
iterates from this number down to the given number, inclusive, decrementing by one each time
add a select clause element.
remove listener for pv changes.
return true if the gts value is normal ( i.
instantiates a new show progress.
parses a string representation of a repository expression.
closes this reader. this implementation releases the buffer used for the pipe and notifies all threads
adds the given section to the list of sections.
load a genome relationships file.
parses the version string into an integer array.
computes the type of the source.
determines whether two doubles are approximately equal with a given tolerance.
loads a json model from a file.
splits a line into an array of strings if the line does not contain a comment.
creates the volume data.
convert a linkedhashmap to an object.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns null if remblock does not contain any instructions that start with a non - null start block
checks to see if an error has occurred.
splits the document into pages of the given size.
validates an auth scheme set.
converts a string representation of a uuid to a uuid.
reads the next line from the scanner.
decode a base64 string.
creates a red gradient with the given width and height.
returns a list of all numbers in the text.
creates a node in the graph and adds it as a child node.
asserts the delivery states for each item in the collection.
creates the compile scope for the facets module.
writes the given bitmap to a file.
parse a text into a sentence.
replace a child element with another.
gets the hash code for the specified multi - key.
flushes the buffer and flushes the output stream.
adds the entry to the info list.
update the state of the sliding and notify the listeners.
flush the current record to the output stream.
instantiates a new video stream.
compares this string to the specified string.
flush the output stream.
starts the servers. waits for the server to be ready.
evaluates this pagination builder using the given entity class.
creates a collector for the given algorithm, writing the results to the given resultfilewriter.
deregisters a service provider.
constructs a new newestfirstcomparator.
updates the data item associated with x and y.
writes an float field value.
decode the given byte array, with the given number of error correction bytes.
return a path for a scroll bar button.
removes all views from the adapter.
check if the mobile is valid.
converts an error message from one format to another.
returns the hyperbolic sine of the number.
adds a notification to the notification list.
returns true if the attributes have been modified.
creates exception descriptor for given method.
returns a random sample of the given dbids.
draw the message size.
grab the arguments from a method signature.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # enginecreatessl ( ) javax. net. ssl
processes the given events.
resets the candidate list.
redefine the attribute value.
writes a long at the specified position.
deletes the replication sets from a rp system.
moves to the next frame.
see the general contract of the readlong method of datainput.
test for bug [ 21818 ] - databasemetadata does not return resultsetmetadata.
discover the log implementation.
create a new via header.
returns a string representation of this object.
resolves the parameters of the given executable.
returns true if the specified character is a valid name character.
checks if the specified character is a legal start character for an id.
returns a hash code value for this attribute.
constructs a new command handler enum.
tells whether a given type is a float.
invoked when component has been resized.
creates a new argument.
removes the first occurrence, starting at the specified position, from this list, starting at the specified
removes the given model from the list of models.
read a map from a file.
computes the hoeffding log of the huffman distribution.
override method used to handle scroll events.
tests whether two local instances are deterministic.
adds the given region to the set of regions to be matched.
resets the tech tree.
assert the exception with the given message.
checks if all nodes, ways, and relations are empty.
asserts that a boolean value is true.
creates a new tagkeyvaluemapconverter with the given nullifempty and idkey.
this method is called after the init ( ) method is called.
attempts to attempt a retry on an incoming request.
sorts a file in batches using the given comparator for sorting.
add a directory set to the tinydb database.
returns greatest node. this node might not be in range, so most usages need to check
adds the idrepoamsdk service to the organization configuration.
this method is called when a key is pressed.
returns true if the last character of the string is a hierachic.
paints a portion of a highlight.
receives a char and stores it into the pipedreader.
converts a byte buffer to a bytebuffer.
writes a single byte.
this method is used to process the uri that contains local files.
generate template for screen on / off utternace.
resets the timer to 0.
read a 32 - bit int.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
addissuer ( x500principal principal ) method testing.
adds a transformation to the list of transformations.
checks whether the file represented by this object has been modified since the specified time ( in milliseconds )
return the characters up to the next close quote character.
read the lyrics3 tag.
computes the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors.
check if db configuration is present.
check if a pin is in a numerical run.
generate java script log alert close window.
returns the best parse for state " state ", potentially starting with a unary rule.
parses an xml element.
calculates the distance between two points.
description of the method.
returns a string consisting of the given string padded with the given character until it reaches the given
registers an error result code.
adds all the elements in the specified set to this set.
start the video capture device.
creates a new resourceloaderlicenselocator.
returns true if the exception is an exception that is supposed to be of the given type.
initializes the registry with the given set of project types.
registers a notificationlistener for a mbean.
subtract two negative numbers of the same length.
consume messages from the kafka consumer.
deletes the service and its attributes.
java. security. interfaces. algorithmparameters # init ( java. security. interfaces. algorithmparameters
returns true if the given classnode is a class literal, i.
loads the log file for the given license.
constructs a new htmlwriter that uses the supplied arguments.
update user by id.
computes the likelihood of a document being tagged with the given tag.
returns a string representation of this object.
gets the value of safemode.
test bulk get / put byte [ ] methods with offset and length.
adds the last data item to the datas list.
returns true if the first message in the list is not the same as the first message.
create an image from an image name.
add a set of channel names to listen for notifications.
deletes a directory recursively.
deletes empty folders from the favorites table.
perform an asynchronous sum operation.
write ( int b, int off, int len ) method testing.
parse the data into a dom4j document.
check if the volume is in the production journal.
deletes the table and checks if there is a pound symbol in the column name.
decodes an escaped string into its original form.
waits before next scheduled poll.
computes the lengths of an annotation text.
writes the image map.
adds a message to the import note.
returns xml string representation of this object.
converts a collection of objects to a list of strings.
returns the minimum element of this iterable.
reads bytes into the given buffer.
append a string onto the vector.
consolidates itemstacks into one list.
determines how many days ago time was ( rounded up / down ).
this method determines if the supplied character data is a valid xml character or not.
xor for zero and zero.
run the specified callback when a'rail'receives a next event.
java. util. arrays # fill ( char [ ], int, int, char ).
add missing values to a dataset.
insert records in batches.
removes the given listener from the list of listeners.
create a new connecturimanager for a list of uris.
add volumes to parking storage group.
convert the specified string to an input stream, encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding.
has the user chosen to export to a pkcs # 8 format?.
generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key.
creates a new number tick.
returns true if the cache is running and it can be stopped.
log the message at the specified level with the specified color.
returns if modifier is public.
create a user preferences map from a generic value.
append a string to the json object.
delete user from authenticationinfo's password file.
log an error message.
removes the given processor from the list of processors.
returns the animation type or 0 if none can be found.
append a string onto the vector.
checks whether a method is contained in a list of wrapper methods.
removes the given node from the graph.
responds to the update button.
returns a string representation of this object.
checks if the class is statically accessible.
computes the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors.
returns the batch size.
decodes an array of url encoded bytes.
clears all views and recycles cached scrapers.
add a dataset to this dataset dataset.
receive notification of the end of an element.
create a new vlc from a list of options.
adds a child to the top of the display list.
returns the minimum path sum of a 2 - dimensional array.
constructs a time object from a java date / time object.
creates a new dimportkeypairpkcs8 dialog.
simple, non - deterministic implementation of minimize ( ).
two items are equal if their identifiers are equal.
adds a column to the table.
returns true if the value of the vector is nan.
fills the stringbuilder with " \ n ", starting at offset.
open the file for writing.
calculates kernel value of vectors x and y.
closes this stream. any buffered data is flushed. the implementation closes the target stream
writes a list of files to a file destination.
mark all class definitions as internal ( i.
returns the trigonometric cosine of this angle.
computes the ss error for the given prediction on the given target attribute.
returns the number of prefixes.
appends a char sequence to the writer.
convert a date time to a timestamp string.
consumes the named attribute and returns its value.
copy the contents of this byte array into the specified byte array.
imports the given key.
creates a new connection group tree which represents the given connection group.
returns true if the reader contains a single metric.
seperate meta tags from the given content.
remove the given columns.
reads the service configuration from the configuration file.
refreshes the preferences from the persisted data.
adds a type to the list of inherited types.
multiply histogram by scalar.
adds participants to cache.
convert a map to json.
prints the message and the context for this exception to the specified stream.
returns the number of methods in this class.
stores the request id and the request id key in the request ids map.
saves the managenameid service.
go to update page.
create a new element with the given scope.
converts a collection of virtual files to a collection of relative paths.
ensures that the security manager is set.
get conversion rate. - update date - update currency.
performs the interaction between a client and a server.
generates a unique engine id.
parse referential rules.
method to encrypt and replace a document with wss data.
add an issue to the transformation.
inserts a child node at the specified index.
returns the ntlm hash of the password.
checks if the given double value is between 0 and 1.
substitutes the macros in the string parameter value.
raises each element of the matrix by the given exponent.
splits a class name by camel case.
use an xpath string to select a nodelist.
creates a new, empty resultentry.
generates xml for the " discovery " element.
creates a primitive type with the given type and sql type.
invoked when an action occurs.
apply all property changes to the service.
rotates the given subtree to the left.
adds a new node to the cluster.
checks if given set name exists in backup directory.
converts a given string to an array of strings, separated by commas.
write a string without compression.
parses a threshold file.
shuts down the server in a new thread pool.
returns the point that is drawn to the view.
called when the connection to the server has been established.
adds a setup descriptor.
compiles a progress success action into a string.
returns a string containing all float numbers concatenated by a specified separator.
put an unsigned byte into the specified bytebuffer at the current position.
returns the number of parameters in the given method descriptor.
optimize ( remove gaps ) the given trie and return the resulting trie.
check if all permission is denied.
returns a key for all the col names, for better readability if the names got cut off
returns a formatter for the specified locale and chronology.
wait for external store to be mounted.
pushes a node onto the top of this stack.
uploads apk to the device and installs it.
reads all bytes from an inputstream and returns them as a bytelist.
uninstall a package, suppressing any warning messages.
opens the audio stream.
sets the names of the elements to be returned in the response.
tests stepping through a range by one with a closure.
returns null if the given bigdecimal does not have the given precision, or if its precision is
deserialize a xml document from a string.
appends the given parameters to the given url.
sends an event to the agent.
apply a set of filters to the queues and topics.
index a bunch of tuples in a specific field.
close outputstream without a exception.
adds the given listener to the list of listeners.
is this a single attribute container?.
renames the cache file to a new location and returns the new cache span.
opens the specified file.
toggle the selection status of the item at a given position.
this method is called before the next tick.
maps a byte to another byte.
invokes the produceevent method on the target object.
returns the given name if it is a keyword or built - in.
adds an issue matcher to this composite.
finds the scope annotated by the given element.
a native function to handle regopenkey ( ).
removes a property change listener.
moves the iterator to the previous boundary position.
creates a new deferredimagereplacedelement.
determines whether a compound name is a prefix of this compound name.
invokeall ( c ) returns result of some task in c if all tasks complete.
instantiates a new internal listener.
sign the message using the private key.
creates a time period that includes the given start and end time.
create and return an edit menu for this network panel.
removes the given listener from the list of listeners.
set the current state of the model.
is it bom?.
checks if is signed.
parse the text from the given reader and return the object.
returns the number of parts in the path.
make a simple database from a file.
adds the file filters to the given file chooser.
called when the service is being stopped.
returns the current string without moving the cursor.
devuelve eliminar usuarios organo.
recursively adds the layers to the list of layers until the list of layers is large enough to
shiftright ( int n ) a positive number, n > 0.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
finds the first non - whitespace character at the given index.
reads the content from the underlying input stream.
creates a new primitive.
creates the necessary journal entries and reversals for a savings tax.
reads bytes from this file into the given buffer.
clears the time portion of this calendar.
returns the probability distribution function.
converts an integer to a string, and appends it to the given buffer.
draws the 12 text values at the positions specified by the texts array.
test de busqueda active directory con atributos.
handle a virtual key event.
returns a hash code value for this object.
removes the leading period if it exists.
checks if the given directory is one of the required configuration directories.
remove empty labels and assign a unique id to each one.
rotate theta degrees about the z axis.
returns the number of nanoseconds since the epoch from the specified date.
perform an asynchronous max operation.
creates a new balancedwebresource with https.
creates an array signature from the given type signature.
writes a line separator string.
increases the size of the buffer by at least the given number of times.
handles the case where an enumerated attribute is present.
check if we need more data to load.
adds a new worker if necessary.
removes the node at the head of the frontier, adds the corresponding state to the explored
create a bitmap font.
returns true if the given pool is a tenured pool.
returns a simple string representation of the dataset, useful for debugging.
executes the callable and only returns the result.
adds the protocol selector to the protocoldispatchselector.
adds a header to the response.
reads the skeleton file.
returns the set of non - monogamous samples from a collection of families.
creates a vao for the scene with some boxes.
checks if the file exists and has the specified content.
loads a 2d array of booleans from the given file.
method which updates the status of the receipt when the receipt is cancelled.
adds animations to the animation manager.
cleans up the discovery state of a storage system.
initialize the classifier.
returns true if the string is in the range [ minlength, maxlength ).
unregisters a previously registered watcher.
add a property criteria.
removes a column from the table.
check unmanaged protection set exists in db.
put string to byte [ ].
test execute hive query and check response.
atomically updates the current value with the results of applying the given function, returning the updated value.
closes the window, stops timers and disposes of the window.
determines whether the given data service should be moved.
converts any throwables with a message property into their message equivalents.
creates a new raf file with the given path.
adds the minutes to the values if they don't already exist.
recompose a variable or parameter declaration.
this method gets called when a bound property is changed.
sorts the given array, if necessary.
executes a sql update statement.
a normal rendering of the text.
loads the log lineage patterns and hadoop id patterns from the database.
adds a collection of indices.
checks if is secure cookie.
loads a list of objectmodels from the given json stream.
create a multistepexprlist from a vector of locpathiterators.
add word length weights for all quantized channels.
updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate3 ( ). updates row with no referencing ones and
deletes and inserts any exceptional blocks that are out of this basic block.
returns a space - separated string of the original value.
parse the content type in the provided bytes.
runs the benchmark without caching.
same as lineTo, but the coordinates are considered relative to the last point on this contour.
parse the output of the conflict command and return the content and rename conflicts.
writes the start part of the header to the specified output stream.
add to actual qty.
returns true if the specified character is a vowel character.
prints the stack trace of the exception to the specified print writer.
readdata - - input the Modbus message from din.
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
builds a single row of components in the panel.
adds additional target elements.
add a curve to the path.
divide : rounding mode is round_up, result is negative.
opens the counter data input stream.
creates a new compositepredicate.
reads the next word from the tokenizer.
appends a string to a stringbuffer.
tests if the given file exists.
builds the associations from the given data.
replaces the first substring of a string with another string.
this class should not be instantiated.
add an object to the container.
returns the first child element with the given names, or null if none.
main entry - point for the demo.
returns the hash code of the string.
tests the functionality of the method, which allows to add all helper text colors, which are contained
normalizes the given array by dividing each element by the maximum of each element.
writes a message to a file.
returns a hash code value for this object.
returns a random number between start ( inclusive ) and end ( exclusive ).
writes a binary file.
this method is called when the locale of the app changes.
returns a keymap instance for the given key.
returns true if the given name looks like a gm : name.
Transforms a string that represents a uri into something more proper, by adding or canonicalizing the
removes the mapping with the specified key from this map.
adds the entire match to the query.
start the stopwatch. this method will block until all threads are stopped.
create a new row for a single column.
removes all characters from a string.
adds all columns from the table to the select - clause.
copy stream to output stream.
check and setup streams drawer.
simple test to verify that we can override bigdecimal.
copies component from source to destination.
the zeta constant, static version.
calculates total pending advance amount for a given work order.
load profile of a user.
scrolls the list by the specified amount.
returns true if the symbol needs quoting, false otherwise.
parses the commit counter file.
loads a xml document from a file.
create a new empty floating - point comment.
check if the assign id is in a hod department.
set the mode to single - label in the given languages.
match a statspec against all files in the archives.
assigns the cluster numbers of this node and all of its children.
closes the current sub - path.
create a new tv show episode scrape task.
save selection & return selecion query or not.
creates a new mnotiftypeproperty.
cleans up a build task.
creates a directory in the specified parent directory and returns it.
move rectangle to given center.
track an event and track it.
handle a header column pressed event.
creates fixed records of the given count.
adds the given attributes to the list of attributes if they're not already present.
recompose the value of an attribute set.
splits a string around matches of a regular expression.
recursively deletes the dbffdc files in the given directory.
specialized version of find to get last valid node.
appends data to nal unit.
counts the size of a directory recursively ( sum of the length of all files ).
pans the view provided by this display by the given distance in screen ( pixel ) co -
checks whether the given serialized object is equal to its hashcode.
returns the url of the reference guide.
calculates the mean of all elements in the list.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
creates an input stream from an url.
enable fullscreen mode after load.
convert html entity to string.
writes a vector of bytes.
unlock user interface. called from the worker before processing.
build a map of uri to storagesystem based on the list of storagesystemdescriptors and the
password based encryption using aes - cbc 256 bits.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
called when the UI is being removed from the ui.
returns true if the connection is secure.
samples a single record.
prepares tenant create param.
throws an internal error if this is not the case.
draws the highlight for the node.
returns a new instance of an image encoder for the specified format.
apply pinch - zoom to an imageview.
parses a file option, uses default if option is missing.
is acct balanced.
ensures that the external data structure has at least the specified number of elements, increasing its size
gets the detail base for a method.
called when the task has finished.
locks the awt thread.
creates a statement based on the method name.
removes a document from the index.
switch to setup dialog.
loads the client details entity based on the oidcauthorizationrequest.
adds a field property.
parses the nowildcard token.
returns a map of baggage environment variables.
the graphical representation of a series.
listens to the modlog for a specific user.
returns true if the class name is a valid one, i.
called by the clock when a new minute is added.
checks if scheduling of data collection scan job is needed.
removes a breakpoint set from the breakpoint manager.
replaces the creation template with the specified values.
reads the default serializable field values for this object from the stream.
adds the specified item at the end of the list.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
creates a new cluster server.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
minimalcompletionstage returns a completeablefuture that is completed only after completionstage completes.
writes directory post resource.
trims an array to a given size.
returns the potion type corresponding to the given name.
removes a curlmesh from this manager.
samples the n - best lists for the specified sequence using the specified scoring metric.
posts the given runnable to the event dispatch queue.
returns true if this connection manager has been closed.
inserts a think time step into the script.
adds an instruction to the tree.
ensures that the internal buffer can hold at least the given number of bytes.
removes the given name from the existing values.
read a collection from the input stream.
adds an entity to the list of targets by a swarm.
checks if given checkpoint exists.
create an omraster, lat / lon placement with an imageicon.
copies the given input stream to the given output stream.
writes the header of the document.
parses a string until the closing character is reached.
generate code to unwrap a return value.
formats an html link.
constructs a new jsonexception with the specified root cause.
try to fix the util directories.
initializes the filter after reading from the file.
returns all files and directories in the given directory.
appends the string representation of this edit and all of its children to the given stringbuffer.
encodes the given int value using vlq encoding into the given appendable.
removes the overlay for the given cell.
removes the specified foreign key.
inserts the string representation of the int argument into this string buffer.
adds a gefaehrdungen to the list of gefaehrdungen
normalizes the class path by removing segments outside the caucho path separator.
creates a new assequence with the given object as the first element.
pushes an item onto the top of this stack.
performs a string conversion on the given node, if possible.
updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate7 ( ). attempts to set incorrect foreign key value
executes a history read operation.
validates that the scheme, scheme, and vmid are valid.
called when we're done writing.
convert an offset into its corresponding physical address.
an internal entity declaration.
checks if the user is authorized to perform the requested operation.
returns the next element in the array.
add messages to the player's queue.
set the rational function to execute when the permission is granted.
creates a new principal instance.
returns true if the specified object equals to this crl.
returns an integer that is a random number between 0 and 1.
converts a sequence of 8 - bit octets into a sequence of 4 - bitoctets
creates a new component object.
gets the height of a marker.
consume a batch of messages from a group.
calculates the euclidean distance between two instances.
finds all instances of the sameas property in the subj that are not already in the same
reindex all tables and triggers in the database.
returns a string representation of the graph in dot format.
resize the tables if needed.
returns true if there is another address to connect to.
converts a percentile level iterated to a x value.
extracts the queue name from the queue name string.
return the id of the symbol that should be used in the given context.
get the angle between the current touch point and the other touch point.
get a uint16 from the data at the given offset.
removes quotation characters from the given option, if present.
generates a label for the specified series.
returns true if the given string matches the given pattern and the string str.
adjusts preferred size if necessary to fit the new preferred size.
finds the field with the specified name and descriptor.
constructs a new instance, based on a particular date / time and time zone.
this class should not be instantiated.
if there is no field with the specified key, then associate the given value with the specified key
reads the boolean value from the json array for specified index.
generates the instruction to auto - boxing the given field.
open a pdf file.
main entry point for the generator.
waits for a match in the arena.
construct a set of signatures that cover a single dimension.
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number.
finds the end of the string that contains the newline character.
calculates the coordinates of the glyph data from the given input coordinate.
convert from julian date to java date.
remove the last element, if it matches.
writes out the compact rdf structure.
computes the utility table for the query variable in the given network.
convert a list of strings to an array of floats.
moves to the next image in the list.
loading method. ( see nbt_tag ).
find the best insertion.
writes a short ( 16 bit ) to the target stream.
returns true if pool configuration is initialized.
this method is called when the user clicks the " register " button.
registers the given subject as one of the valid subjects.
trims a line of text.
calculates the 2 - dimensional euclidean distance between two points.
appends an instruction to a fmb.
returns an iterator over the elements in the order in which they were added.
verifies that the set of domains passed in is not in use.
filters out all circles that intersect the given circle intersections.
init without junit test.
returns the serialization type for the given annotation, or null if none.
convert an index file from the input stream to the output stream.
returns map containing a single entry.
writes a character array.
load a synthesis voice property.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
add an incremental classifier listener.
read an r4 from the input stream.
generates a collection of x. 509 certificates from the specified input stream.
check if a file or directory exists on the destination but not the src.
convert the order by clause into the logical sort.
randomly tick a block.
update the purchase information in the database.
configures the message label.
removes all limit lines.
remove all elements from the set.
create a meteringregion for the given normalized display coords.
flushes this stream and forces any buffered output bytes to be written out to the stream.
construct a vector from an array of doubles.
overrides the visitor to set the access modifiers for the inner class.
convert longitude to pixel value.
returns true if the world file values appear to be geographic.
stores a value in a given register.
remove a remote session.
returns a string representation of this vector.
return an iterator over the children of this page.
enables metrics for the server by setting " opt - out " to true in the config file and
creates a new hmac instance initialized with the given key.
checks if this builder starts with the specified string.
write part of an array of bytes.
return true if the class was loaded from the application src / directory.
swaps the tag content of the ldif file with the base dn.
print progress bar.
post - remote release lock.
load positions from the database.
creates and returns a new check box with the given text and icon.
add a request batch to the database and mark it as completed downloading.
dequeues the output buffer.
create a jobdefinition that can be used to specify a fixed delay on a job.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
stores given long value.
creates a reader and a writer that splits the given input folder into numfolds folds
signs an xml document using this signature object.
displays the popup menu for this editor.
create a new abstractsdfwriter.
tries to guess the best firing plan to fire under the given heat.
convert a volumegroup instance to a volumegrouprestrep instance.
posts a list of files specified by the command line arguments to the specified output stream.
clears the searchables list.
adds a new listener to the list of listeners.
adds a number of additional ingredients to the list.
get the order by clause for the query.
find a clone with the specified key in the clone list.
converts a string with the specified encoding to a byte array.
returns true if the string argument is a valid background repeat value.
this method is called before the test run.
adds a single metacharacter, replacing it with a replacement string.
do the actual lookup.
finds all history records for the given job.
quotes the given character.
this method updates the remaining costs of the landmarks associated with the list of pending nodes.
returns a string representation of this object.
draws the indicator when the button is overflowing.
write a line of values to the file with a timestamp.
returns true if the input stream looks like a pem file.
creates a new closelistener object.
controls the shard routing of the request.
receives a packet from the server.
deletes an attribute at the given position ( 0 to numattributes ( ) - 1 ).
adds labels for a specific locale to this index.
wraps a key with the given secret key.
instantiates a new java plugin loader.
adds a separator line to the logger.
test if the save location exists.
loads the raw modules of a database.
writes the data for this segment to the stream in valid jpeg format.
rounds the given probability value to the next nearest integer.
converts a property map to a map of type names to types.
parses the register information section.
creates a new thread factory.
unit test for a cpu 16 bit metric.
add a new server transaction to the store.
sleep for a period of time, ignoring any exceptions.
test split and join of nested properties ( using pipe ).
test of readvalue method, of class hashmap.
returns true if. at this time, the bean is busy with some ( i.
convenience routine to parse a byte array.
resets the download bandwidth state.
tests whether a security role is correctly merged into an empty descriptor.
decodes a full revision operation.
removes all child nodes of a node.
unlinks node p with given predecessor trail.
calculates the mix of two friction coefficients.
serializes object to json.
compiles the static zr register.
checks if native volume expansion is supported for the given vplex volume.
update the gui from a rosterentry.
convert number to oizp.
returns a copy of this terminal with the specified size.
returns true if gzip compression is allowed, false otherwise.
create a new replayprocessor.
callback used to notify about new conversations being shown.
reads a single octet from the source stream and returns it as an integer.
enqueue a job to be run.
testbit ( int n ) of a positive n.
receive notification of the beginning of an element.
draws the given string at the x, y coordinates with the specified decoration.
reads into a character array from the stream.
updates the nonce parameter based on the current nonce value.
matches rp system virtual pool with all virtual pools.
calculates the fee for trading a player.
adds the current search history to the history pane.
trim the list of sourcefiles from the filter list.
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array, with the given string as a separator
writes a 16 - bit short to the target stream.
sets the order by clause for the query.
create a stemmedstring from two strings.
creates a lognetworkstreammerger object.
pack cipher suite names into a single string.
constructs a new extension file filter for files with the given extension.
ensures that the tuple array for a given row is large enough to store at least one more
returns true if the string starts with " - " and the character is not a digit.
remove all children of a given type from a node.
atomically sets the value to the given value.
returns true if the given savepoint is a valid savepoint, false otherwise.
sets the columns for the given result set in the given tableeditor.
write a collection of strings to a file.
remove all elements from the list.
resets uid validity to the current time.
writes an ogg page header to the given byte array.
handle a static site request.
removes the room from the stream.
discharges an itemstack by a certain amount.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this deque, in proper sequence ( from first to
adds the specified elements to the selection.
returns true if the specified feature is supported in this mode.
gets partitions that backup node has been created on node.
set the image to load.
build the ptr transform table.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
create a bidi for this line.
returns true if the caller of this app is authorized to the given package.
paints the background of an internal frame title pane.
add a graph listener.
restarts and installs the patches.
aligns the real and pred matrix to the last missing labels.
is product in category.
creates new form allstatstablemulti.
this method appends a file to the end of the directory.
returns a list of white space characters that should be included in the output.
returns true if the given name is a scoped name.
instantiates a new input.
loads a property from a file.
pretty printing accumulator function for booleans.
renders the views in textual representation.
removes all listeners from the list.
loads an audiomaptype from the given xml file.
add a generic attribute to the class.
adds information about fahrt events to the fahrzeit events.
returns a new instance of the given class without the service loader.
check that the given uuid matches the given hash code.
prepares the output stream.
this method is run by the worker thread.
writes default serializable fields to stream.
create an iv from a literal.
adds a header to the request.
adds a leaf atom as a child of this atom.
cumulative density function of the normal distribution.
removes the result with the given name.
adds a new entry to the list of entries.
mod when a divisor is negative.
creates a new dexportkeypair dialog.
returns the sum of the aggregated sum of the given sql expression.
calculates the offset of the x axis.
called when the activity will finish.
write the bundle to a temporary file and verify the contents of the file.
adds the given number of days to the current date.
creates a temporary file for the given mime type.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
removes the entry object at the given xindex from the dataset at the specified index.
runs a read test with the given compression mode.
closes given resource logging possible checked exception.
removes a single instance of the specified element from this queue, if it is present, whether or
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height, and with new zero
returns the arguments for running scheduler.
add a solrinputdocument to the list of documents to be analyzed.
executes one of two phases of the process.
creates a new empty simplesystempermissionset.
add a curve to the shape.
reads the current set of buckets from the sharedpreferences and restores them to the internal
returns the next character in the stream.
accept an app offer.
verifies that the given public key matches the given signature provider.
creates activityscopegraph and injects all required dependencies.
this method blocks until all data has been written.
reads a date value from the input stream.
removes the specified selection listener from the adapter.
writes an integer to the output stream as a hex string.
reads the contents of an inputstreamreader into a string.
convert a list of type parameters to a list of maps.
unix free - space on unix systems.
reads all bytes from the given input stream and closes it.
check if within two moves of solution.
instantiates a new penn treebank reader.
this method will be used to unwrap the ss encoded message from an encoder / decoder.
closes the write half of the stream.
apply the given row change data to the database.
normalizes a namedlist by removing the " _ " character from each entry in the namedlist
returns true if this double value is infinite.
create prefix for inprogress transactions.
adds a new value to the series.
receive a redundancy packet from the client.
output a doctype declaration.
returns true if the vector is valid, i.
creates a url from a base url and a target url.
returns the maximum depth of the subtree rooted at this node.
returns the array of urls corresponding to the given path.
adds the final stack to the recipe.
fire connection closed event.
stores integer value with volatile semantic.
create a new numberstrategy.
creates a uri from a set of inetsocketaddress objects.
creates a new plotnavigator.
add a new column to the table.
create a new point comparator.
adds an element to the xml document.
flush the output buffer to the underlying stream.
adds the given character at the beginning of this list.
add an instance of a class.
reads bytes from the encoder's buffer.
returns true if the window is visible and the close button is pressed.
processes a tag that indicates that a test run started.
inserts the given character at the specified offset in this styled string.
adds the given element to the list of roots.
expand to the given element or tree path and select it.
appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided float value.
creates a new instance of svnconfiguration object.
ensures that the canvas can hold the given maximum width and height.
returns true if the input sequence can be normalized according to the options.
returns a string representation of this object.
un - escape som characters in the given string.
save a record in async mode.
reads the copy state from the given input stream.
before the name has been declared, write a " name " at the beginning.
redeem a token for a given service.
lighten a color by a given factor.
returns a string representation of the given operand size.
returns the file name of the class with the specified suffix.
write a process variable to the stream.
asserts that a qualifier namespace is set.
formats the float array d with the specified number format.
pack an array of integers from a string.
remove a viewpoint from the list.
clears all onpage change listeners.
updates the background color of the input field.
remove a view from the list of ignored views.
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream.
ensures that the lease is still valid.
returns the maximum number of values that can be filled before rehashing.
removes all the existing values from the series.
toggles the selected status of the section at the given index.
combines a list of files into a single file using sox.
stop scrolling this instance.
execute in1 with in2 as input.
creates a new fixed - length response with no content.
returns the next event without advancing the reader.
replaces the end point of the url with the current endpoint.
make an ok path.
adds a member value.
adds whitespace to each element in the list.
returns the fully qualified type name for a widget node, or null if the widget node is not
processes the ftyp atom.
extracts a map of name / value pairs from the given string.
issue an http delete and assert the response status code.
computes the sum of the running distribution.
makes a shallow copy of the categorical table.
creates a new sub - configuration with the given prefix and key prefix.
maps a set of service names to their display name.
create a new intcolumn.
returns a string representation of this object.
checks if there is any potential work to be done on the given data object for the given image
queue a bitmap for recycling.
adds a new after server start listener.
attempts to read more data.
constructs a relationnotification instance.
below method will be used to add data to store.
check if host or domain is local.
compute the entropy of the data set.
save working instances to file q.
calculate the bar's color.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
adjusts indentation based on the current block's alignment.
appends the field to the string builder.
creates a new forward planner.
adds a button with the given text and alignment to the given container.
returns true if the given value is equal to the given tag value for the given tag.
returns a string representation of the business object data key.
create the talk usage from the json file.
returns the enclosing call of the given method.
generate an iso image with the given ovf environment variables.
create an actionable event.
instantiates a new rational.
remove all notifications of a certain type.
unify the head, body, and body via the atom.
adds a uuid to a ssf node.
returns the object field offset.
returns the xml representation of this object.
dispose - set the run button to false.
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array of sources
shuts down the server and sessions.
returns true if the given string is a valid local id.
binds to the server socket.
checks to see if the thread is interrupted.
resets the output builders.
writes carriers and their plans to a xml file.
removes a listener from the list of listeners.
test that a manifest with an activity with a launcher intent reports an error.
informs the user of a similar name.
writes the header of the file.
returns the vendor for java builds.
create a voice result with a given confidence.
inserts entries into the tree, starting at the root.
adds a category node to the tree.
add a listener to be notified of drawer events.
edits an existing note.
adds a new entry to the entry list.
unhide the action bar.
formats a time delta, separating it with the specified separator.
deconvolve a set of confidences by a given threshold.
collapses carriage returns and new lines in a given string.
overridden to avoid exposing implementation details.
returns the total of the values in one column of the supplied data table.
opens an analysis file.
method for beancontextmembership interface.
performs some processing on the given item.
removes instances from containers during scaling down.
draw a normal message.
kill locomotive consist.
starts listening for incoming messages.
parses a bitmask into a set of flags.
verifies the given signature bytes.
adds a match string to the list of matches.
returns a string with the current time in milliseconds subtracted by the given amount.
converts a hex string to a byte array.
removes a job from the job tracker.
returns the coefficient of variance.
returns a string representation of the polynomial.
instantiates a new skeleton version checker.
upgrade the attribute to a new version.
converts a canonical name to a dalvik name.
emits a code chunk that ensures a collection is declared.
unregisters a client from the cache.
replace double quotes in the given resource.
allocates a new container with the specified capacity and padding percentage.
check if uri represents local resource.
waits for an obb file to be mounted and then returns its path.
is this a zone level resource?.
validates that the message received matches the expected type, return code, service and payload.
close all databases.
calculates md5 hash of message.
runs the metastore comparejob on the given job input and output path.
deletes sub people containers.
test of findrecentmessageuidsinmailbox method, of class hbasemessagemapper.
queue an event to be run.
adds an error message to the error messages list.
ensure that the internal storage can hold at least the given size.
writes a new key - value pair to the file.
executes a solrqueryrequest and closes the request when finished.
check if two links have the same stats.
generates a unique id.
remove a specific provider.
parses an element and returns the corresponding object.
formats a money object into a string.
delete an instance of the entryclass, and remove the class from entryclasses if this is the
reads the settings from the settings.
logs a warning message.
read an inputstream and return it as a string.
create a vector with preset values.
unregister a transaction service listener.
isort - sort bc [ ] in ascending order.
tests session node model class is consistent.
called when a bean is added to the beancontext, or when another object is added to the
removes all layers from the map.
returns the number of productions.
zookeeper api to create a full path with optimistic locking.
writes the stroke, texturemask, and texturemask fields to a stream.
compares two qnet objects for equality.
creates a new instance of reflectiveattribute.
process a single event.
removes a membership listener.
add message to uri.
present the final image on the screen / viewport.
increment a calendar by one day.
pushes angular object to the local or remote registry.
removes all elements from the list that are at the given indexes.
creates a new popup menu object.
determine if the expression consists of objects.
interpolates the value based on the current zoom level.
requests mods from joined channels if they are not already requested.
returns true if the specified value is contained in this set.
renames a file.
exits with a system. exit status code if the formatter returned a success code.
remove the specified sensor from this sensor selection model.
print a single way.
returns a string representation of the array.
returns the full path of the given managed object.
returns true if there is another proxy to attempt.
returns true if no object was clicked on, false otherwise.
returns a hash code value for this object.
map of measurement names to their corresponding measurement values.
extracts a zip file to the destination directory.
creates a new configuration from the given file.
creates new form gotolinedialog.
creates the teardown request.
parses more data from an encoded image.
test a simple ear ping.
returns the length of the array.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
notify the wifi manager of the current state.
check if an array key has the given value.
removes the specified listener from the list of diagram change listeners.
factory method to create a grid object.
strip leading dollar from a string.
clears the host context after the test.
constructs a new probability object.
creates a new chart and starts the specified stage.
accepts a new data point.
sub - sets this named range set to the other one.
creates a tailer for a file.
is operating system mac?.
returns the number of values in this array.
creates new dviewasn1dump dialog where the parent is a dialog.
trims the right hand side of a string.
add a message to the queue.
dispose - free resources.
returns the signed distance between this point and p_point.
expands a number string as a real number.
one - dimensional array of l values.
submit a permission request.
unit test for setting a properties on a warcontext.
this class cannot be instantiated.
creates a new delete - xxx sub - command for a set relation.
remove cycles in the graph.
returns a string representation of the given matrix.
find the ancestor node that matches the given pattern, returning the node with the matching score.
kill the process. this will close the stdin and destroy the process.
encodes the contents of a char buffer into a byte buffer.
creates a metrics object from a dimension - to - dimension map.
tries to load a class from the location specified by the descriptor.
check if a creature contains a given point.
adds a byte array to the buffer.
checks if is use anti - alias.
below method will be used to load the level file that contains the column.
validates a zero - long file.
saving method. ( see nbt_tag ).
apply a mask to a value.
computes and sets the duration.
handle the nitf frame header in an rpf file.
takes a screenshot of the current screen.