returns the current depth.
compute the union size of two bitsets.
handle closing of add user fields.
returns a string representation of the model.
returns the union of this sector and the specified sector.
returns true if the given double is equal to the given value.
int value of a positive bigdecimal.
walks the given directory, starting at the given depth, looking for files and subdirectories
get array of column values for a tuple set.
. math. bigdecimal # divide (. math. bigdecimal, int,
gets called when a dataset has changed.
call this method to call the scheduler's onschedule method as a library.
returns true if the given type is a string type.
validates a sql statement.
converts to object array.
returns true if trace logging is enabled for this logger instance.
removes the missile item from the player's list of projectiles if the player '
creates a new matcher with the given network configuration.
recursively determine the maximum of the levels of the given level and all edges of the given v
requests the user to confirm that the pass code was reentered.
adds a worker to the set of workers, decrementing the worker count.
insertfunctionalitytest # testinsert4 ( ). attempts to insert row into table with
adds a map entry to the disk.
description of the method.
send a warning log message.
deletes all leaves with the given name.
returns a string representation of this list.
checks whether the given component is valid for the given number of bits in the generous set
removes a thread from the list of running threads.
bound scroll if not already bound.
wait for volumes to be visible.
override this method if you want to change how services are started.
updates the indicator view with the new indicator data.
paints the image on the window.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied
returns true if the name is prefixed.
release any resources associated with this connection.
adds a collection of actions to the quickactionview.
add a simple series renderer to the renderer at the specified index.
copy data from an input stream to an output stream.
calculates the angle based on the y axis.
return a buffer to the pool.
creates a new instance.
creates a new charseq that is a concatenation of this charseq and another charseq.
process the get request.
notifies that a state change has occurred.
test for getorder ( ) method.
formats and logs a message with a throwable.
constructs the redis key used to store the queue in redis.
decodes the given string using the given charset.
adds a domain name to the list of restricted domains.
create a new read - write lock with the given stopper.
tests whether is auto increment.
copy the contents of the given byte array to the given output stream.
returns true if the list is empty.
render a single frame.
checks to see if a string is a valid ncname.
appends the specified message to the end of this repeated field.
prepares the data set.
build an array of proxyreg objects.
ensures that the given string is a valid object name value pattern.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
removes all recurrence rules from this recurrence.
add all nodes in the iterator in document order.
returns true if we need to refetch the data.
creates a new document type from a qualified name and public id.
returns the contents of this object as a byte array.
converts a css style name to an e.
next avc from mpeg.
creates a map of uri to exportmask for a given set of placedmask.
inserts the specified object at the specified position in this array.
write a component without a scale.
add document to cache.
updates the progress label and updates the previous progress.
copy a input stream to a output stream, close the streams when close is true.
method to fade an audio file.
draw the glow.
load properties from a class.
add zero to zero.
this method is used to fix the gps date time.
returns true if the given cell consumes the given event type.
read a single character.
method to create y axis.
returns the maximum value.
print a file to the console.
extends this rule groundings with the given other rule groundings.
reads the next token from the input, throwing an exception if the next token is not found
test of gettabletypes ( ) returns table types in the correct order.
updates the cache for the given file.
removes a callback from the set of listeners who will be notified when a swipe event occurs.
returns a descriptor corresponding to the given field signature.
adds the given parameters to the request body.
converts the annotation interface into an annotation class.
returns true if the resource supports ar ( i.
returns a map of entry names to entry values for the corresponding entry in the given context map
creates a new pattern guard expression with the given parameters.
computes the intersection of a line and b lines.
returns a set containing the set of removables from the original set and the given set
get the unix timestamp.
returns true if the summary is a pdf.
draws grid background and border.
opens a stream for reading from a file.
unpacks the compressed character map.
this method is called when all tmp files have been copied.
returns common submitter queue or null if not found.
returns true if this field's package private attribute is a public field or protected field.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_up, result is positive ; distance = -
converts the unicode character codes to the equivalent unicode character string.
loads the unit data from the given input stream.
calculates the radius of the mf selector.
determines the width of this view.
get / put a byte array.
called when an object has been added to the server.
parse a single local number, returning it as a string.
converts a list of paths to pixels.
decodes the base 64 encoded bytes of the given string.
checks the current state of the exo player library.
slide the item from the top of the screen to the bottom of the screen.
create a new mutable biginteger from the given mutable biginteger.
handle an sso request for an error binding.
creates a checkpoint manager with the given network parameters and input stream.
creates a new index segment index.
returns the liveness of the query.
insert a value into a map.
returns the minimum dimensions required to layout the given target container.
select the item at the given position.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
ignorable whitespace ( i.
wait for editor to be active.
returns the largest objective value in the population, or null if none.
convert latlonm to y.
register a callback handler for sms changes.
parses a property list from an inputstream.
returns the score of the current values.
instantiates a new grammaticality estimator.
checks whether the zone link in a string is correct.
ensures that the given array is not null and not empty.
processes a connection event.
computes the percent of values in this range.
quietly close a closeable without throwing an exception.
release the pagecontext and push it into the running pcs stack.
add a new event listener.
returns true if a journal rebuild is required.
converts a string to a byte array.
loads a properties file from a classpath resource.
compares this object with the specified object for equality.
parse a name value pair with the given parser.
this method is called when the user hits the pull - to refresh button.
return the mappingobject at the location specified by the mappingobject [ ] [ ] map.
parses a json file and returns the result as a string.
computes the differences between two texts.
instantiates a new repository.
counts the number of tokens in this string.
indexes the given index document.
resets the common component list.
handles an exception that occurred during processing.
readobject is called to restore the state of the beancontext from an objectinputstream.
paint the arrow in enabled state.
log an exception that occurred during a call to a method.
convert a positive bigdecimal to zero.
called when the accuracy of a sensor changes.
returns true if any of the options allows the trailing arguments.
setmaxcrl ( biginteger maxcrl ) method testing.
evaluate the popup menu if the mouse event is a popup trigger.
removes a task from the queue.
. bigdecimal # divide (. math. bigdecimal,. math. big
ensures that the given path exists.
loads a class from the classpath.
determines the height of this view.
checks if the list child under the given point is clipped.
creates a new rules object from the given workspace.
writes a byte array to a file.
adds the specified item at the end of the array.
checks all pending custom messages.
determines the number of consecutive characters in the message starting at the specified position.
parses the current node and returns the number of elements added.
calculate the height multiplier of an image.
unit test for verifying that numeric types are correctly written.
close all callbacks except for eviction.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified element in the array.
populate profiles combo box.
check the header of a file.
returns the absolute value of the object.
returns the oid corresponding to the given algorithm name.
provide reflective behavior to construct instance of generator given an array of string arguments.
refills the input buffer.
process the mouse event.
add a module to a list of modules.
checks if there are all tables in the database.
classifies the given features and returns the result as a list of strings.
this method is used to bind the header view to the adapter.
updates the state of the line buttons based on the current selected state.
draws a rectangle of given half width and half height.
method used to refresh the number of loading views.
replaces the given split element at the given index.
helper method to start an item list.
returns the number of initial splits.
invoked when a mouse button has been clicked on a component.
scans the given source directories for files with the given includes and excludes.
returns true if there are more postponed routes.
returns true if there is only one element selected.
creates new igfspath from the given uri.
reads a xml element attribute ans cast it to a int value
reads the contents of the given reader and returns it as a string.
add getter for a given property.
mark the entry as in use.
executes the command and returns the result.
called when a state has been left.
registers implementing class of signaturealgorithm with algorithmuri.
loads the settings from the given settings file.
returns true if the input sequence contains a word breaking character.
checks the interior intersections of the segments of this segment string to the interior of
removes the first occurrence of the specified object from this list.
compose a list of unary operators into one list of unary operators.
adds cdc column specifications to the list of cdc column specifications.
converts a field name to a field name.
generates a random secretkey.
ensures that an argument is not null.
execute a series of sql statements.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
refresh the done button.
creates the migration task editor.
expand the buffer by the specified amount of space.
converts a string representation of an ip address into an integer.
close a cursor and remove it from the map.
returns true if there is another gser in the input string that matches the given pattern.
generates the instruction to push the given integer on the stack.
returns an xml node with the given name, attributes and content.
adds the specified item at the specified position in the array.
notifies the listener that an error has occurred.
transform a source to a stylesheet.
splits a string based on the field data delimiter.
reads the next token from the reader and returns it as a boolean.
delete an obigation from the basic block.
clip the view on the right.
creates a content object for a compound package.
checks whether the coverage is valid.
find all integer values in the given string.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the given element in the given array.
appends the value to the end of the list of values for the specified parameter.
returns true if the specified object is equal to this certificate.
appending the between statement.
encode a string into a byte array.
computes the value histogram of a geo time serie.
computes the sum of the weight of all children of the given node.
instantiates a new searcher.
add a field to the query.
combine two completion stages using the provided function.
builds the create schema statement.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
instantiates a new stream info manager.
returns the sentence represented by this conjunction as a sentence.
returns true if this is a pronoun, false otherwise.
output the sql type for a short.
tokenizes the given source string using the given string separator.
write all modified favorites to the data stream.
updates the rolling average with the latest data.
returns a list of error message ids that should be used to validate the payment product.
instantiates a new key store state.
creates a new crypto result.
called when the slider has changed its state.
parses a delimited list of tokens.
initializes the grid layout.
returns true if the application is running.
creates a default mosaic definition.
creates a new result based on the given node and clause expressions.
trust all https certificates.
returns true if the given ui component is in need of the form.
adds the internal listeners to the cb distribution.
returns the square root of the argument.
runs the specified number of calls in parallel, returning the number of milliseconds the number of time
append a character to the buffer.
initializes the ownerstatemanager for each association that is associated with the given field meta data.
builds the union sub query.
constructs a node from a coordinate.
increases the accuracy counter by one.
revert a list of files.
concatenates the specified arrays into a single array.
creates an iterator over the tags of a given line.
ascend the current tree.
returns true if the file can be read.
write the contents of an array of bytes to the buffer.
called when an item has been dismissed.
probability density function of normal distribution.
returns a copy of the specified array, with the specified comparer.
add a zoom listener.
clears the set of implicit def uses for the given range of instructions.
fire when an annotation is selected.
verify the values of the server evidence message.
handle the given text, discarding any leading and trailing characters.
removes a service from the registry.
converts an attribute reference string to an attribute reference string.
creates a new escaped writer.
checks if given date is expired.
add a new record to the album.
checks whether the method signature is correct.
remainder of division of two numbers of different signs.
removes all the defaults from this property builder.
calculates the euclidean distance between two vectors.
check backup information is correct.
converts a string to lower case.
create a negative number from a sign and an array of bytes.
builds the opus comment.
asserts that the given insert / removed pair of property names matches the given expected values.
returns the number of elements in the list.
converts a string to upper case.
return an iterator over the set of rules that require at least one edge.
unlocks the given lock state.
formats the given text into a doc box.
converts a number string to two digits.
adds a drop item to the drop list.
finds all entities whose primary keys are equal to one of the given entity ids.
load workflow from workflow table.
returns the hash code value for this object.
removes the given tag from the list of tags.
verify the secp256k1 signature of the given data.
deletes the directory and all files under it.
asserts that the given array in the same order as the given array, in the same
formats the finished percentage of a rollout group.
generates a host name based on a vm name and a host id.
transfers all data from the specified file to the destination.
unwraps the given expression.
returns true if all segments of the given dataset are present in the list.
draw the next event time.
creates the lines at insertposition.
returns the square root of the number.
computes the points and transitions between the two specified points.
returns a string representation of the bits of x.
encodes the given bytes using the given url safe encoding.
creates a new message tokenizer.
block until the given id becomes available.
loads the translation cache if it is not empty.
creates a new navmotionmode object.
add a new event to the queue.
stops a named timer.
returns a summary of the dataset.
creates a directory in the system's temp directory.
add a horizontal span to the plot.
select all items that are connected to any of the connections.
create a new key builder with the specified capacity, collator choice, locale and decomposition
returns the list of possible parents of the given set of nodes in the given list.
configures the database from a properties file.
open a new connection to the database.
adds the project relations to the task repository.
method to do all the work of removing bddp ports from the openflow domain.
sleep the specified number of milliseconds.
verify that the specified write set is not found.
calculates entropy for the given masses.
checks whether the given string is a valid nmtoken.
parses a double value from a string.
add a string to the buffer.
adds a rtcp event listener.
creates a new array of the given size if necessary and copies the data into the new array
reports an error to the server.
connects to a file descriptor.
returns true if the specified node is whitespace.
creates a new back end debugger dialog.
open the file with the given access string.
forget a registered spring.
returns the name of the source file.
parses an n - triples b value from a string.
resets the ps list.
sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order.
close the popup that was opened when the popup was opened.
free an object by id.
expand the view vertically so that it fits within the cross size.
convert an ipv6 address hex string to an inetaddress object.
track a failed attempt.
reads a double ( 64 bit ) from the source stream.
checks if the specified bar is at a maximum.
returns true if the queue starts with the specified sequence.
parses a properties file and adds it to the map tile set.
computes a date based on the given value.
enables a pan for the given adapter.
returns the distance between two points.
creates a new url.
create the workflow. method for creating volumes.
create a file system command info object.
initialize all widgets in the gui.
returns a new sslsocketfactory that trusts all certs in the supplied url connection.
return the probe's next sample.
returns a representation of the user code in a form.
test of the construction of a mission name.
returns true if this transition is equal to another.
release any resources held by this object.
close the receiver list and release any resources associated with it.
resolves a list of class paths to a list of file paths.
x. net. ssl. exemption mechanism. getinstance ( string, string value )
removes all the configuration parameters from the map.
removes a messageprocessor from the list of known processors.
creates a issuer serial number from an x509certificate.
add edge matchers to a set.
puts a byte array into the buffer at the current position.
returns a delimited string of an array of objects.
clears all the stored images.
parse compiere color attributes from a string.
creates a new luastate and adds it to the stack.
checks if the memory has enough memory to hold preamble.
reads a single character from the input stream and returns it as an integer in the range [
limit the clip to the given points.
shuts down the work pool.
converts collection of host addresses to collection of inet addresses.
removes all new line characters from the given string.
calculate number of feed, categories, and special categories.
appends the html representation of the specified character to the specified string builder.
migrate the columns from the current table to the migrate columns from the current table.
retrieve the number of rows in a table.
creates a new jar modifier.
adds an attribute to this set.
associate the given value with the specified key.
sorts the specified array in ascending natural order.
returns true if this transaction is a server transaction.
adds a marked occurrence highlight to the list of marked occurrences.
read a number of bytes from an input stream.
asserts that given assumption is true.
bulk add item to cart.
adds a frequent item set to the list of frequent item sets.
skips bytes from the peek buffer.
create the workflow method for removing volumes from a vplex consistency group.
shows a prompt for the user to select one of the given urls.
convert the mouse event to the corresponding index.
computes a regular expression that is equivalent to the given original string, except for the given
generates a call identifier.
parses the given string as a number, starting at the given offset.
handle the history key event.
returns a copy of the original reference binding array with the results of applying the given substitution to
returns all known transports.
returns the seconds until idle lockout.
get a list of available hive databases.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
computes the realm of a given number.
base64 decodes the given string and returns the object.
copies the given document from the source document to the target document.
creates a new instance.
unlocks the version of this identity using the given locker.
creates a new unicast ref.
returns the index within the array of elements of the last occurrence of the specified element.
write a buffer to the wave file.
returns the density of the given floating point numbers.
max ( biginteger val ).
blocks the calling thread.
called when a mouse button has been released from the map.
writes float values from the given float array, starting from the specified offset, to the current
checks to see if a mask contains an ip address.
returns true if lock is acquired by the given service.
check if the cookie is stored in the cookie store or not.
select the selected import files.
creates a new instance of this class.
fully reads the contents of the given input stream and returns it as an array of bytes.
parses a sql statement and returns a set of named parameters.
writes a long at the specified offset from this native object's base address.
called from an activity or fragment's onevent ( ) method.
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt. hash ( ) method.
checks if the given object is a valid key.
converts a number to a string.
executes the init script if required.
parses an int value from a specified range of characters.
prints an object to standard output and then terminates the line.
checks that the given double array is not infinite or nan.
initializes the keyboard buttons.
check if is auto new.
finds the relative path of a file or directory.
resets all leaking resources to their initial state.
andnot for a negative and a positive numbers ; the first is longer.
generate a random string of the given length.
instantiates a new exchange rate manager.
removes an attribute from the object.
evict a key from the cache.
checks if is unique contraint error.
creates a configurationerror object.
add fill components to a container.
inserts the used context prefixes in the xml buffer.
adds the current put time accumulator.
pre - computes the hash of each byte in the given byte array, returning a list
returns the elevation at a given lat / lon.
creates a new object for the given object name.
removes all children from the given container.
saves the initial state of the facets and children of the given component.
returns true if any of the items in this set overlap.
ensures that the given value is not null.
read an xml list from an inputstream containing xml.
pad a string to the right with a minimum length.
returns an enumeration of the measure names.
callback invoked when a send task has completed.
add the preferences button.
removes all unused entries from the cache.
create grants record.
constructs a shortinterleavedraster with the given samplemodel and databuffer.
this method will copy the carbon data file to the local data directory.
returns true if the selector is fling backward, false if it is not fling forward
converts a string to a double.
adds a listener to be notified of changes in the graph.
returns true if the feature is stable.
calculates the approximate width and height of the given demo text and writes it into the given output
override perform defaults ( ) to perform the initialisation and verify the validity of the values.
returns a string representation of the receiver.
write an image, x / y placement with an imageicon.
called when the slider has changed its state.
writes a string to a file.
returns true if the url is a file url.
updates the relay status map based on the current relay state.
convert an oid string to an array of ints.
returns a set of all server names belong to a site.
creates a new instance of the editor dialog.
returns true if the styled layer descriptor contains in - line features.
decodes the given input stream into a byte buffer.
run the finalization in a separate thread.
display all string defined in string. xml.
check if http content length is greater than max_content_length.
adds a foreign key constraint.
this method is called when the activity has been created.
push a notification to a topic.
appends a json encoded key - value pair to the given string builder.
update config from system resource.
deselect the item at the given index.
return true if this node is a leaf node.
add a new listener to be notified when new matching drones have been discovered.
tests another object for equality with this object.
parses a vector from a space - separated string.
calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the specified stream.
create a new session wrapper.
posts a batch request with a single transaction.
returns the program directory.
clears the set of sensor / sensor assignments for this route.
returns the first keystore type that matches the given string.
get the next object mapper at the top of the level stack.
converts a hexadecimal character to an integer.
returns a json representation of this object.
loads a keystore from the specified file.
removes a propertychangelistener from the pc support.
checks ifrecaching is enabled.
and for each bit in this set, the bit set is the same as those in the
tests this principalentry for equality with an arbitrary object.
returns true if lockdown profile is valid.
returns true if the extension of the filename is one of the given file extensions.
creates a new from clause with the given outer join qualifier.
decodes ansi x12 segment.
creates a kdb database from an input stream.
decodes an add operation.
sorts the list in ascending natural order.
rebuilds the panel image, creating a new one if necessary.
processes the specified number of bytes and prepares for the next row.
returns the absolute path of the given object.
go to the next page.
returns an input stream that can be used to read null values.
returns the type ids as a list.
add the rules to the batchlist to delete.
returns true if the given element has already been visited.
instantiates a new aws iotconnection.
creates a future that is asynchronously completed exceptionally.
initializes the forecast errors for each set of points.
checks whether the given mouse event has the given modifiers.
emit the retained variables.
constructs a uri from its components.
returns a list of structured translation in the given graph, starting at the given index.
reads a single character from this reader and returns it as an integer in the range [ 0
checks if is snapshot full copy supported.
returns a list of service descriptors.
strips the sentences of code values from the given string.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_even, result is negative ; distance = -
quantile function, static version.
validates the given signed data using the given cert and signature.
returns the number of seqs in this sequence.
tests whether a servlet runs as role name is correctly added.
subtract two positive numbers of different length.
creates a new multi - term query.
prints a message to the console.
accumulate all children of this entity.
tests invalid xml.
returns a string representation of this object.
determines whether the given member is an accessor pair.
returns a dateformat that is in utc.
write a kml file in the given directory.
returns the full path to the destination file.
refresh users or groups list from server.
creates a new instance of bootpanel.
returns a list of headers with default date and time.
removes all components that are present in parTrace.
submit a new request to the server.
register a new client, broadcasting it, and sending it to the client list.
parses an rdf document from an inputstream.
parses the given date value using the given date formats.
removes the specified element from the json array.
finds the set of loop edges that are reachable from the given code.
generates the hive test files.
renames an editor panel.
checks if fits as a single line.
this method is called before the test method is called.
convert a projection vector to a world vector.
replaces each substring in this string that matches the given target string with the given replacement string.
encode the given string so that it can be used as an url.
draws a rendered image with a transform.
skips to the end of the current line.
creates a new indtestcramert instance for a subset of the variables.
act on a file.
returns a string representation of the number of milliseconds in milliseconds.
adds a propertychangelistener to the listener list for a specific property.
creates a new folder in the specified directory.
add a typed array to the config.
add a sub - action to the action queue.
fill entries in the tree.
checks whether the left collection contains the right collection.
asserts that the duration in the specified milliseconds is in the specified range.
write the diff to the log file.
add an image to the image set.
create a new media resource with the current system time.
creates a new set of key - value pairs.
convert a freq in linear notation to the linear frequency of the form [ 0, 1 ]
creates a new rounded icon generator.
generate a byte array of random bytes of the specified size.
returns a description of the dataset.
copies the data in the specified buffer to the specified buffer.
returns true if the session has expired.
associates the specified boolean value with the specified key in this json object's current json
writes an attribute with the given name and value.
handles the selection of an item.
returns true if the task can be invoked for a given amount of time.
writes this cacheheader to the given outputstream.
get the contents of the response as a byte array.
starts fading out all layers.
pack modified first fit in descending order.
adds a text change listener.
returns an iterator over the profiles in this group.
returns true if the given string starts with a whitespace character, false otherwise.
wraps the given path into a uri prefix.
convert a key to level.
called when a mouse is dragging a graph.
this method initialises the caching http headers filter.
add a component to the common component set.
await fulfilling s. if timed = = = true, timed out = false, timed
loads the generalsubtrees table from the generalsubtrees list.
reads a single character.
checks if the ping is disabled.
writes a string to a file.
make tree of writables from flatdata.
computes the angle between the points p0 and p1.
create a new inmemory cursor with the given column names.
checks if is enabled.
draws the foreground if necessary.
create a new transaction.
start the runner thread.
this method is used to export an object.
creates the dbffdc directory.
reads a character - sized string from the given input stream.
recursively process the children of the query and store them in the query tree.
initializes the day messages based on the current tip.
create a new persisted queue.
write an array of objects to a string builder.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied
creates a new request configured to post an open graph action to the user's device.
show a loading indicator.
read in external representation of the bloom filter.
computes the mad for the median of the array.
creates a new exception with the specified root cause.
links the first node in the queue, creating a new node for it if necessary.
notifies all registered listeners that a bound property has changed.
indicate whether a given template should be returned in a read or write operation.
creates a new jrangechooser dialog.
apply graphic attributes to symbol.
increments the idle count for this session, according to the given idle status.
creates a new remote service descriptor.
read a journal from the old state.
starts the server and waits for it to complete.
returns true if the task has successfully completed.
encode a string with the specified width and height.
writes ints in the given int array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position
adds a header to the request.
updates the ui to reflect the current state of the gui.
generate the extension manager.
submit a task to the pool.
checks if the bucket name is correct.
validates the user namespace authorization create request.
returns a string representation of the given object.
calculates the derived statistics for this distribution.
checks whether the consistency group can be deleted.
helper method to quietly close a closeable object without throwing an exception.
retrieves a message from the queue and returns it, or throws an exception if there is no
removes a range of elements from the receiver.
refills the input buffer.
cleans up the bookie files.
add a criteria to the ored criteria list.
releases all selections for the given items.
creates a mapping from the given file name to the given network.
deletes the given load name.
validates that the specified vm name is valid for the specified aws instance.
converts an array tag to a string.
removes the specified number of arguments from the list and returns the index where the argument was removed
replaces an existing policy in the resource tree.
creates an array of longs of the given length.
copies a source file to a destination file.
recompute the cluster seperation.
make a square image from a bufferedimage.
handles a lost entry request.
write the beginning of an element.
add a process interaction listener.
replaces the first occurrence of the search string with the replace string.
stores the specified byte value at the specified index in the internal storage.
create config for a turnout operation.
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt. hash ( ) method.
draws the description text to the canvas.
parses a number of bytes from a free space string.
returns the link to the interlanguage page for a given language.
updates the action buttons for the given address space.
creates a new instance with the given source and parallelism.
cleans a directory on exit.
add a gumball to the game view.
associates the given segment with the given list in the specified bin.
deletefunctionalitytest # testdelete6 ( ). attempts to delete row with foreign key
create a new channel with the given topic and payload.
change the size of this line according to p_new_size.
inserts a row into a blob.
add default uri to dflt deploy directory.
transfers a sequence range to the underlying stream.
computes the perpendicular of a line perpendicular.
returns a copy of this number as a biginteger.
runs the test case.
returns the patch fix ids for this patch.
read a number of bytes.
returns true if the current device is a jellybean or later.
constructs a partial correlation pdf.
checks if is enabled.
validates the key file.
add a response code listener.
calculates the log likelihood of the values of each statistic.
returns true if there are dead states from the initial automaton.
subtract two money objects.
returns true if the given object is equal to this knowledge edge.
skips the specified line and returns the index of the character that should be skipped.
list volumes in docker.
base64 decodes a base64 encoded key into a bytebuffer.
step the work of the algorithm.
loads the next characters in the stream, appending them to the given stringbuffer.
creates a new instance of signaturefaking oracle.
creates a new arbitrary - length path node.
adds a listener to be notified when wheel changes.
scans the next yaml directive number.
convert an int array to a bit string.
converts the buffer to a signed 16 - bit sample byte buffer.
checks whether the given token is valid for the given node.
writes an attribute to the xml document.
cancels and expands all entries in the tree.
describe the vocabulary for the given predicate partition counts.
invokeany ( c ) throws nullpointerexception if c has null elements.
instantiates a new signal group sub table action.
generates a list of x - values for a given range of values.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
adds an entry to a service by its attribute value.
creates a new decoder that decodes the specified uri.
convert rgb color to cmyk color.
show an error message.
parses a pair of name / value pairs.
removes all chars in a string that are in a bag.
returns the cosine of the specified radians.
destroys this fragment and all contained resources.
removes a vetoable change listener from the beancontext.
checks whether a file with the given name exists.
return a windowsfileattributes from a finddata call.
flatten a map into an xmlserializer.
fire an event programmatically if the event has not already been consumed.
returns true if the entry is in the cache, false otherwise.
returns true if the given resource is a module, false otherwise.
writes an annotation at the current position.
convert an inetaddress to a long value.
returns true if the given revision contains the given template name.
retrieves all account info requests from a given date.
returns a new string list containing the elements of this string list plus the given arguments.
this method walks the parse tree.
reads a single character ( 16 bit ) from the input stream.
compare two dates lexicographically.
splits the given word into two parts.
checks if the url is a book search url.
returns the full path to the class file.
removes the given title prefix.
send a message to a set of recipients.
checks whether the given attributes are relevant to the given service.
check if two objects are equal.
find car by road number.
converts a fully - qualified class name into a fully - qualified class name.
p ( y [ i ], i [ l ], r [ i ] ),
returns a new location or null if not found.
close the thread pool, if any.
removes all oma downloads for a given download id.
checks if the android sdk directory is in the local properties file.
checks whether the given bundle contains any token information.
resets the stored policy settings.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied
rounds the x and y values of the given vector2 up to the given power.
invokes a static method on a class.
loads a prototype from the given inputstream.
add a button to the panel.
maps a request matcher to a response matcher.
commit to the input field of the jmxbean assignment.
splits the given string by the given separator.
inserts a twin for an instruction.
returns an object that can be used to create a new instance of the class.
creates a new format parser.
appends the elements of an iterator to a string, separated by a specified separator.
returns true if the queue is full, false otherwise.
schedules a save task if the playlist is not already in progress.
returns true if any of the variables in this set are to read.
invoked when an action occurs.
returns a string representation of the matrix.
returns the integer value of the given integer.
verbose log message with printf formatting.
save the indexes to disk.
computes the score for a bitap matching a given pattern.
move the current position to a specific y.
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one.
creates a new undoable edit operation that inserts the string specified by the specified index.
returns the string representation of the byte.
send all the data and return true if the send was completed.
copy the contents of the given reader to the given writer and close the writer.
checks to see if any of the bookies are recent enough for a given amount of time
computes the inverse of the given transform.
asserts that the given closure code should fail.
send a network packet to a remote host.
process an attribute string of type t_ yesno into a boolean value.
load rma keys.
returns a list of workorder objects that match the criteria map.
constructs a week for a given date / time and time zone.
creates a new resource queue.
encode the subject and signature and sign it.
schedules a task for use within a fixed period of time.
abbreviates the given string according to the given width.
stops the running test.
checks the row index.
helper method to nuke the symbols and fill them with the main and longest collision lists.
determines the strength of the blitz route that is owned by the given player.
returns a new name that contains the components of the given identifier.
parses a date string and returns the corresponding date object.
returns a string representation of the message.
checks if the given character is a white space.
removes a request filter.
removes the classifiers at the given indices from this set.
add a propertychangelistener to the pc support.
returns the number of checkpoints in the set.
adds an object to the end of the list.
add a list of urls.
adds the given virtual arrays to the list of virtual arrays assigned to this user.
check if a cell is editable.
removes all connections from the trash and returns true if any connections were dropped.
concatenates the given arrays into a single list.
creates an iterator for the given graph pattern.
validate custom catalog format.
creates a function execution using the supplied blocking queue and pool size.
checks whether the body is a ssdp message.
add a child at the given index.
restores the selection of sorting.
returns a copy of the remaining bytes.
this method is called after the clean method is called.
consume events from the queue.
updates the ui from a command object.
compareto ( biginteger.
returns a gaussian distributed random number between mean and sd.
computes the over scroll percent based on the max under scroll percentage.
constructs a new vector with the specified capacity.
process the invite request.
gets the log of the given object.
read receive delay from window.
writes the indentation for the specified number of times.
returns a hash code for this set.
parse a string value as an integer.
checks whether the current node is a valid method declaration.
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack.
called when the user has moved the mouse.
remove a batch clusterer listener.
refresh the held locks with the given expiration date.
removes the given object from the set of known objects.
wraps given byte array into heap bytes store.
parse the given base json value and return it as a string.
valueof ( long val ) : convert a negative long to a positive biginteger.
inserts the specified element before the specified position into the receiver.
increases the size of the array to accommodate the requested number of entries.
construct a sided plane from a pair of vectors.
checks if the input stream contains gzip compressed data.
insert a op at a given position.
clears all the stored listeners.
register an entity that will be notified when an entity is updated.
asserts that the given string output contains the given string.
removes a class from the classpath.
runs the test case.
paints the background, foreground, color, and render quality of the data.
destroys the given class loader.
delete an attachmentpoint from the ofport.
total number of recoverable files.
processes the animation frames and returns the result.
deletes an existing assignment for the user.
returns the formatted string representation of the specified object, replacing the specified string buffer with the specified
compare the wait status of the given node.
returns a thread dump for the current thread.
checks to see if the audio stream should be started.
checks whether the given string matches the given filter.
removes and returns first node or null if empty.
initializes the document builder factory.
returns the standard error of the intercepts.
create missing values for this record.
normalizes the given path by removing all leading and trailing slashes.
starts the thread that will be used to launch the notifier.
expand a hidden directory name.
tries to queue the current buffer.
updates the value of the field based on the current value.
returns true if there are more bytes to read.
appends the parameter types and parameter names to the given string builder.
complete a heartbeat, with the given sequence number and event id.
generates a key from the input data and returns it.
loads the private key from the file.
removes a listener for snapshot categories.
returns true if critical extensions are unsupported.
checks if the given string is not in the given array.
clone or import a node.
cleans up resources used by secp256k1.
initialize the authn instance with default values.
build a list of unique urls from a shard name.
create a new inputstreamreader that uses the given charset.
converts a rendered image to a compressed byte array.
add a vertex to the graph.
configures the local services used by the traffic controller.
returns the index of the first occurrrence of the specified character sequence.
appends a string to the buffer.
push a value to the listenable future.
returns a string representation of this object for display at the given depth.
creates a meta data column descriptor.
filter years out of the current year.
creates a new data provider event with the provided reason and types.
validates a bean and returns a list of validation errors.
replaces the first bracket of the given command in the document with the new text.
attempt to choose the formatting pattern to format the national number.
fill select doc type.
creates a copy of the field.
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero bytes.
try to determine the type of the specified element, according to the current element type.
tries to delete the given file and all it's subdirectories.
initializes the step object.
prints an annotation to the editor.
adds a point to the end of the polygon.
loads a configuration from the specified reader.
adds an item to the end of the list.
adds an annotation to the xml.
reads a boolean ( 32 bit ) from the source stream.
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names.
gamma function of the gamma distribution.
starts the ticking thread.
returns the cipher suite of the two specified numbers.
creates a pending action context.
show droidsafe text markers for a given class.
resolve a new expression and add it to the given objtypes set.
given a list of sizes, pick up one to three, and return the result as a
verify the mac of a record at a given position.
copies a transferable to the clipboard.
helper method to format a download size and file size in percent format.
updates the enabled state of the buttons based on the selected text.
creates and returns an immutable copy of the specified collection.
track the images for a given hex.
parse a date in text format.
returns true if the node has been processed.
power - on is a power - on method.
given an edge, fetch a stack of triples, and push them into the edge stack
generate a crls crl from the inputstream.
deletes entity configuration under the realm.
returns singleton instance of data source views manager.
returns a string representation of the tag.
loads the xml definition from the cache and returns it as a string.
returns the id of the resource, or null if not found.
uncompress the compressed data.
poll the server for a new entry.
closes this stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
compare the remaining chars of this buffer to another char buffer's remaining chars.
creates a csv file for the matsim4opus temp directory.
aggregate function of aggregate function.
extract policy notification from xml string.
flushes the journal file.
try to find a parcel object in the class path of the class with the given class name
decodes a field name from a p_xml field name.
returns true if the user's password is set, false otherwise.
adds a content item to the list of content items.
canonicalizes a class name to a fully qualified class name.
pause for the given number of milliseconds.
returns true if a highlight with invisible edge is used.
prepares the configuration for the cancelling test job.
removes a previously added listener.
method to generate the field definitions for each field.
returns true if the dialog has been flying, false otherwise.
initializes the socketfactory and timer.
removes all instances of the given regular expression from the source string.
helper method used to consume the data when a nested scroll happens.
retrieve the list of waypoints that match the search query.
release any resources that are no longer needed.
returns the number of elements in the queue.
adds a new entry to the array.
closes the dialog. this method is called when the user has finished closing the dialog.
creates a new media file attachment.
adds the given param node to the list of parameters.
creates a new event from the json data.
checks if the full copy is restorable.
read a string in qd format, starting at the given position.
checks whether the buffer is too large.
resets the index buffer time.
subclasses can override this method to provide custom logic to create a new response.
checks whether the external storage and notifies the user of the download.
returns either the plural or singular form of the given noun, depending on the quantity.
verify that the xml signature of the given element matches the signature of the given cert alias.
adds the given video to the end of the list.
determines if the specified coordinate is in the target touch zone for a horizontal bar handle.
reads the transport systems from the specified reader.
returns true if the nal starts with a prefix.
removes the main hash from the shared library.
adds an item in multifield.
returns the number of attribute names in this set.
create an array of n d - dimensional points whose coordinates are in the range 0.
parse the parameters in the format " name = value ", name = value, type =
add a particular http session token for a particular site.
deserializes the gradle distribution object from the provided distribution string.
converts meters to pixels.
send a byte array via a data socket.
pushes the given context onto the current thread's context stack.
this method is called by the picker when the user selects a new browser view from the combo
creates an instance of this class by reading the contents of the specified file.
normalizes each element of the array to a value based on the mean and standard deviation of
add a location to the list of locations.
creates a new formatter.
encodes a string using the specified encoding.
check if there is enough information to load so far.
returns true if the input column name is allowed.
returns the rgb value of the specified hex string.
add a propertychangelistener to the listener list.
test empty or null blob.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
subtract zero from a number.
restores the given file.
wait for the initial image to load.
fill an array with the values of a 4 - sample blackman - harris4
calculates the cms based on the given key.
returns a hash code value for this object.
increments the number of received packets.
parses the given text and returns the corresponding sentence.
instantiates a new kafka cluster using the specified directory.
called when the data has been returned to the user.
checks whether the current rule part has the same prosodic position as the current rule
parses the given big decimal string and returns the corresponding big decimal object.
registers the operators with the given name.
do permission work before android m.
deletes all sub group containers in this group container container container.
creates a new glowtask.
initialize the compiler with the given command line arguments.
returns true if we're running on dev device.
send the next byte in the file.
encode a serializable into a base64 string.
create an image for the given dispatch context.
add a list of profiles to the account header.
returns true if the given string is a valid identifier name.
returns true if x1 is less than x2, false otherwise.
move a single node at a given location.
create a list from passed objx parameters.
adds a macro record to the macro record list.
adds or updates a user's email address.
returns the best hash provider for the given hash parameters.
read a number of bytes from the buffer.
returns true if there is a pair with the given x.
loads all entries from the specified file.
removes the transaction at the given position from the list of transactions.
encode a list of types into a map key - value pairs.
clears the assertion information.
add operation results to the array to be returned.
generates a branch plan for the given table.
add a switch port to maintenance queue.
returns the id of the beginning of a stack.
returns true if the type and subtype match the given type.
returns true if the source is armed.
tells the builder that a range of characters is valid.
checks if script is enabled.
tests another object for equality with this object.
returns the name of the file.
computes a checksum for a given string.
returns true if the skin specification file name is a valid skin specification file.
inserts the string representation of an object into this builder.
handles a mouse move.
loads a umd file.
disables the vma for a given block object.
computes the end position of a rhumb line.
returns the index within the given array of the given element.
returns the maximum dimensions for this layout, given a target container.
reads the contents of an inputstream and returns it as a string.
adds the given number of events to the uncounted set.
logs the expiration of an entry.
removes the ripple from the list of exiting ripples.
write string to byte buffer.
consume a number of records from a topic.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
compare two version strings.
checks whether the given vector is valid.
determine if the expression is obsessional.
change the speed of a block.
removes the given target object from this set of children.
notify the class observers of a class.
generates a dup2 instruction.
returns true if the mime type represents an app. xml file.
creates a native page for the given url.
throws a parseexception if parsing fails.
creates a new custom editor.
constructs a memoid with the given fn and equality.
creates an instance of ep single value.
converts the given field type to the corresponding class.
add an xml element at the specified index.
find all the parents of a content.
creates a dictionary from a list of input files.
collapses all building in the given building list.
this method performs an asynchronous thrift call to detach an iso from a vm.
reads an nfc error message from a reply.
show or hide the graph.
persist the specified provider in the database and notifies the change.
adds an undoableaction to the undo stack.
creates a new array list.
add a sample to the last ping times array.
encode the body of this header.
tears down the test.
returns a substring of the given subject.
removes a custom sashform listener.
writes a string to a file.
deletes the given session variables.
returns a string representation of this date object.
closes the queue and releases any system resources associated with it.
parses a string as an int.
writes the entire resultset to a csv file.
and for a and b.
verify that the given device exactly matches the given fields.
adds a window to the zone rules.
returns a new hashtable containing the intersections of all elements in the iterator, in the
returns true if the file is a ttf file, false otherwise.
registers a set of macro to be used in the dev machine.
constructs a new map with the specified initial capacity and the specified load factor.
creates a new as object and adds it to the set.
populate stream blob with test bytes.
returns the sign of the bits that are used to sign all the bits of a double.
adds a near key to this cache.
analyzes all fields of a class that are private and non - primitive.
returns true if log level is enabled, false otherwise.
loads a number of values from a resource file.
runs the test case.
returns true if this criticality rule is critical, false otherwise.
finds the name of the first table that is editable.
writes the default operations car file.
returns true if the current follower has a new follower.
called when the start of a trackpointelement has been encountered.
fires a propertychangeevent to all registered listeners.
checks the given string for the given type descriptor at the given position.
sorts an array of fields in ascending numerical order.
draws the background of the view.
adds an attribute to the set of unique attributes.
this method validates a deletevmresponse object, raising an exception if the response reflects
runs the test case.
limits the maximum scale and x translation of the given matrix.
get the value factory.
creates a new bean that can be used to refresh the given json value.
adds a style to the styles map.
extracts the client name from a host.
construct a future from a completablefuture.
checks if the specified action is a place action.
adds view to cache.
reads the contents of the given input stream and returns it as a byte array.
play the player's media.
convert a string to a utf - 8 string.
converts a collection of gridclientcache flags into a 32 bit integer.
adds a new element to the end of the list.
add a new value with a given weight.
build the grid row of a check box.
helper method to parse a date and a string.
returns true if this group is a child group of another group.
throws an exception if the given item index out of bounds.
create the next uncovered locus info.
invoked when a global config has been changed.
launch an email intent.
returns the number of elements in the set.
inserts the specified item at the specified position in the array.
adds a translator to the class pool.
writes a number of characters less than or equal to the given string.
reads the next line from standard input and returns it as a string.
returns true if the text matches the regular expression.
writes the spatial grid table to a file.
adds a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list.
adds a close hook.
run the given runnable in the given thread pool, unless the executor is shutdown.
updates the min, max, and x - y range to be within the range specified by
checks if the given sequence is a standard upintro sequence.
read the configuration from the given file.
apply trading state to a player.
returns the slurp url as a string.
creates a trace from a trace list and a set of addresses.
interrupts all tasks currently in the queue.
registers the default device types.
removes the dependencies from the given dependencies map.
draws the tick text for each value in the range [ min, max ).
always insert a value, returns null if no value can be inserted.
test de busqueda open ldap.
create a positive number from a string value and radix 8.
checks if the specified character is in the specified encoding.
deletes an entry from the directory.
removes all the occurrences of the tags in the text area.
enqueues all successors of this block to the given queue.
adds a role to this user.
creates a new panel object.
creates a new date - time generator using the specified gmt timezone.
called when a response is sent to the remote peer.
builds a list of index shard snapshots from a set of blob files.
creates a new shopping post reply from the user's details.
returns true if and only if the source is armed.
creates a new attribkey for a html element.
creates a sparse array from the user supplied parameters.
get the tuple with the maximum data field value.
updates the enabled / disabled state of the radio buttons.
returns a string representation of the two bit ids.
resets the cache hit count and miss count.
convert other - to - string converter.
removes the item at the given index and optionally updates the children on menu views accordingly.
shiftleft ( int n ) a positive number, n > 0.
shows a dialog that allows the user to edit the filter.
returns the number of pixels between ( x1, y1 ) and ( x2,
returns true if the formobject allows popup based on the subtype of the formobject.
create a local git repo from the current git directory.
returns a new vector2 with the smallest x and y values.
adds a call to a test method.
serialize the test results.
verifies that the migration is successful.
create a new log formatter.
remove a text listener.
create saml identity provider element for tenant.
clears the buffers from the pool.
apply the camera to the scene.
creates a table containing a point at ( x, y ).
adds the volume to the list of existing volumes if they don't already exist.
creates a new temporary file with the given prefix and suffix.
partition a set of targettypes by annotations.
loads the content of this file into the buffer.
called when the user hasn't walked through a distance to a certain location.
returns the file object that represents the given name, or null if not found.
initializes the tool tip.
decodes an encoded array into an original array.
computes the offset of the current animation.
returns the ignore value of this signature.
generate the seed bytes for the process.
renders the given value expr into a string.
stops the sampling thread.
reverses the given list of points in winding order.
creates a new dviewasn1dump dialog.
initializes the notificationfactory with the system property notificationfactoryname.
waits for the completion of the task, returning either the completed state or null if no task
clamp the given range to the given range.
parse the host directory from a volume string.
format a given number of milliseconds.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this vector in proper sequence.
returns a substring of the given string of the given width, filled with the given character.
appends all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this list, in the
updates the application state according to the application state.
converts a string in utf8 format to a byte array.
converts a map of key - value pairs to a pair list.
validates that the given label is not null and not empty.
adds a message observer.
shows the given text with the given initial character.
converts a byte to a hexadecimal string and appends it to the given buffer.
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
returns a random vector of uniform distribution with mean and standard deviation.
invoked when a warning occurred during processing.
returns true if the given subname is a known subname.
compute the text of the first diff in the list of diffs.
returns true if the object is stored.
returns the size in bytes of a directory as a biginteger.
checks if a given bit is a search light bit.
creates a new age file filter.
calculates the number of major tick.
return the next row in the result set.
associates the specified value with the specified sample attribute.
unset the ordering of two nodes.
converts an input stream to html.
writes the given class file to the given file.
creates a new connection with the given peer address.
convert an array of objects to a vector.
send a version notification to all registered listeners.
accept a drop from the drop target.
removes all of the criteria from the ored criteria list.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns the modification date for a path.
has the user chosen to import a pkcs8 certificate?.
runs a control flow graph from a compilation unit and a class tree.
checks if the engine is a valid engine.
asserts that two floating numbers are within a specific tolerance.
calculates the d - values of the extremal indices.
loads properties from a properties file.
replaces all occurrences of the specified pattern in the text in this text editor with the specified replacement
returns a map of service name - > value pairs.
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the other stream.
the object implements the readexternal method to restore its contents by calling the methods of datainput
creates an item label generator using default number formatters.
creates a vector2 with the given direction.
returns an adjusted exponent.
removes all the columns from the table.
is last invoice costing method.
sets the proxy port.
extracts the cluster name from a string.
get list of my servicecards from server.
creates a new dviewkey dialog.
samples the migration events for the two specified parents and height.
returns true if objvalue is a valid attribute.
decodes the ascii encoding of a byte array.
this method gets called when the value of the tree selection changes.
removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list.
transfers node after cancelled wait.
creates an intent to share an app with the user.
creates and returns an updater for objects with the given field.
converts the given data object to a map of objects.
operation : [ < rn >, + / - < rm >, llsr ]
build a row limit specification from the given row limit context.
returns the first common layer between this item and p_other.
removes a number of items from a drive.
save the indexes to disk.
add an item to the adapter.
executes the given command in the current working directory.
expands and selects the given location if it exists.
go to the next token.
saves the provisioning expiration and expiration in a shared preferences.
write the extension to the deroutputstream.
creates a new cluster in the specified project.
returns the policy value corresponding to the specified int value.
runs the test case.
write string to outputstream without escaping.
adds a record to the list of records at the given offset.
calculate the sha256 hash of the message.
add a property type for a given uri.
asserts that the given objects are equal.
write actions to a string.
adds the given object to the queue, interrupting it if necessary.
encodes a byte array into base 64 format and breaks the output into lines.
reads a feed from the server and logs if it's time out.
read a 32 - bit rllong from the given input stream.
shiftleft ( int n ) a positive number, n > 0.
resolve all dependencies for a given file.
builds the url to retrieve the saml response for the tenant.
asserts that the given label is equal to the given text.
iterate through the result list and interpolate each element of the result list.
initialize the stream tokenizer.
throws an exception if the given message is not received.
runs the worker threads.
read the next block of data.
lock the lock file.
open a datagram connection to the given port.
returns a global info string for this object.
executes the given script and returns the result.
disables the specified feature for this component.
removes the specified event listener from this controller.
returns the number of milliseconds since the epoch, or 0 if no time was set.
adds an array of items to the end of the list.
quotes the given string if it is a legal keyword.
get a recipe object from a cursor.
ensures that the given boolean expression is not null.
removes the statements to drop a table from the database.
returns true if the lock has been acquired.
returns the time in nanoseconds since epoch.
find or create a class from a fully - qualified class name.
resets the notes text field.
write a set of ticks to a rtc file.
writes a charsequence to a file.
populates the navigation drawer with the appropriate items.
runs the test case.
converts to primitive array.
record audit log for callhome.
compute the mean of all elements in a slice of an array.
constructs the nt time for a given date.
select the best media type for the provided list of producible types.
paint the border of a component.
ensure the array's capacity is at least mincap.
invalidates and unmaps a set of buffers.
add a directory to the classpath.
checks if mineshafter is present.
tests another object for equality with this object.
returns true if the given node has at least one element child.
deletes the item at the given index.
returns the number of primitive property names.
prints a string followed by a newline.
checks the given object for the given permissions and throws an exception if the object is not a
display all string defined in string. xml.
create an intent for the map activity.
generates a string representation of the parameters.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into the given bitmap.
removes the attribute at the specified index.
extract the class name from a field signature.
paint preview of a given location and zoom factor.
opens the camera and starts processing.
removes all categories and values from the list.
partition a list of lists by chunk.
updates the ui of the window.
clear the result list.
returns a list of all the widgets in the given container that intersect with the given rectangle.
prints the given symbol text.
creates a new shoppingcartitem in the cart.
returns a string representation of the distribution.
updates the border text.
adds the classes to the result.
resets the list of references.
decodes a byte array and returns its decoded value.
this method gets called when the schema has changed.
sorts a dtm vector by keys.
parses and validates a schema date time object.
adds a serial message to the queue.
convert a query string to a dbid.
write a little - endian short.
prints a long followed by a newline.
creates a new thrift service metadata object.
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height, and with new
creates a new exception for invalid entity.
check start of a block.
loads the properties from a url.
returns true if this dns message has been suppressed by any of the dns answers in the
creates a properties object from a map.
select the first node that matches the query.
returns a string [ ] of strings from a properties file.
compares the locales in the primary locale with the given locales in the given destination locale.
read a result set from a preparedstatement.
adds the given entry to the source list if it isn't already there.
compares this object with the specified object for equality.
closes the transaction associated with the given connection.
creates a new panel object.
doubles the capacity of the list, creating a new list if necessary.
this method is used to change the openam.
computes the full url for the given link.
loads the manifest from the jar file.
convert an array of referencetypes to an array of raw types.
adds the column at the specified position in the columns list.
readdata - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
removes a display from the display list.
returns the next gaussian distribution.
fire an event to all registered listeners.
update contact header port.
returns a new android http client configured with the given user agent.
adds an entry to the cache, returning null if entry could not be added.
this method is called for each vertex in the state.
check that no solutions are selected.
deletes the given file or logs it.
removes the entry at the specified index from this set.
adds a member to a group.
creates a new logger instance.
increment the value of a bin.
throws an exception with the given error message if the given boolean expression is not met.
set the fields of this document to the values of the specified map.
checks if a list of strings contains the given string in ignore case.
computes the mad for the median element of the array.
initialize the known plugins.
stops the currently running process.
sets the " keep - alive " property.
creates a new request configured to upload a video to a user.
read a sequence of bytes from a bytebuffer.
create a multicast socket.
checks whether the subset meta data is selected.
validates the given topic will contain the given payload.
creates a new berinputstream with the specified initial size.
returns the next member of the given type.
encode a line suffix.
returns true if this font is a system font.
add a url to be loaded.
put all of the fields in this document, replacing the old values with the new values.
creates a new instance.
create a rootblockview from a bytebuffer.
creates a new soap method.
gets concrete operations that are not public.
returns a string representation of the uri.
test that wildcards do not need two dots.
returns true if the given file is in the target directory.
skips over any character in the specified sequence.
removes all of the elements in this list that are contained in the specified collection.
compare and set tail.
returns a phone object with the specified value.
loads a resource bundle and returns it.
returns the set of unique pool uris that are associated with the remote copy settings.
converts the given string to html.
add a lock to the list of locks.
evaluates the uf2 problem.
reload the model with a new value.
converts a move to a uci string.
creates a new accelerated image of the given width and height.
display the state of this object.
writes a string to a writer.
ensure that the string array can hold at least n characters long.
decrements the refcount of this store by 1.
convert a kse. x. 509 principal to a kse. x. 50
asserts that the given resource has the expected contents.
returns true if this field is a flat field.
build the limited networks list.
evaluates the rpn for the given tokens.
add a list of series to the end of the series list.
exit with exit code and exit message.
compares two tokens lexicographically.
merges the two sets of values into this one.
generates the auto - tag for the current element at the given stack offset.
flush any pending xml tags.
this method is used to initialize the view.
creates an extendedtype with the given namespace and local name.
validates that a new addition is valid for the given paths.
starts the mock system consumer.
undoes the last action, if any.
removes the given column from the list of columns.
returns a description of the histogram.
peeks the next sample from the available output buffers.
returns a scanned result for the given blocks chunk.
returns a hash code for this object.
balance segments according to the current schema.
creates a new annotation drawer.
returns true if this user has user partitions.
inserts the specified string at the end of the specified string.
reads the next character from the reader and returns it as an code point.
writes an integer value out to the specified byte array position in big - endian format.
creates a new item.
add a tag to the tag list.
consume a byte of data.
adds the outer join qualifier to the from clause.
converts a string into an array of file objects.
polls and removes an item from this queue, waiting if necessary up to the specified wait
add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view.
returns the number of patterns in the pattern set.
writes a little - endian integer to the given output stream.
add two positive numbers of different length.
adds a header to the response.
store the key and certificate pair into the store.
appends a type to a pointer hierarchy.
sorts the specified array in ascending natural order.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns the last element of this set.
sleeps given number of milliseconds.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified element in this set.
checks whether a given set of modifiers implies package access.
writes the contents of this object into the given file.
create a new managed window decorator.
writes bytes to the underlying stream.
logs a message to the log.
process the updates in the event dispatched to all registered listeners.
returns true if the remote can re - balance the given size.
utility method to convert a file object to a sld object.
inserts properties from a template.
changes the current font of the given component to the given style.
draws the contour at the specified color.
save a x509 certificate in a file.
removes all listeners from the list of listeners who will be notified when the central position of the
invokes a static method that returns an object.
returns true if the fill below line is visible.
called when the patch service was updated.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
checks whether a packet is a stanza.
executes a command. if the command starts with " af ", it executes the command in
returns true if the bean needs to be updated.
clears the given view map from the given context map.
load the logical tables with granularities from the namegroupmap.
reads the next block of data from the underlying input stream and returns it as an integer in
adds a new subscription to the subscription registry.
creates a new instance of x509certpath.
creates a new process object from the provided xml string.
instantiates a new consul topology fraction.
builds the regular expression for a qualifier.
shorten a name to a desired length.
blends two colors by the given weight.
( since linux 3.
sets the look - and - feel and look - and - feel classes to be loaded from
convert an image to a bufferedimage.
parses an array, returning the rest of the stream.
returns the list of terminals of the given type that can be assigned to this node.
removes the specified sensor selection listener.
writes a single character.
tests whether a dex file can be loaded.
register a cache manager with the cache manager.
returns a new sql. time from separate ints for hour, minute, and second.
initialize the key store.
convert image data to platform image bytes.
returns a clean version of the folder stacking markers.
discard a service registration.
returns true if this state is a final state.
generate a sequence of markers for protein with the given length and maximum number of scale markers.
writes the settings in a single - line array block.
returns a hash code value for this font.
tests whether some other object is " equal to " this map.
this method is called to start the dtd declaration of an element.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image.
cleans up any database objects created during the start of the process.
creates a new exception for a method argument invalid value.
compresses a string to a byte array.
loads a map of file extensions.
receive notification of the beginning of a dtd element.
converts the timestamp to the format used by formatters.
encodes an array of bytes into a base 64 encoded string.
prints the string representation of the double.
returns a string representation of the ip address.
returns true if the zk host contains a name.
invoke the given operation on a database.
returns a hashcode for this uri.
returns a new instance of this fragment for the given section number.
import trl table to xml file.
creates a new result file reader.
callback when an asynchronous action fails to connect.
returns true if the given identifier should be excluded.
checks whether an exception was caused by a communication error.
returns true if this object is reliable, false otherwise.
pushes a type onto the output stack.
get the max value plus one for a short.
support for reporting bound property changes for bean properties.
encodes the given value by replacing special characters ( such as \ r, \ n, \
creates database entities for storage policy testing.
creates a pdf page from a property value.
adds a key - value pair to a map.
save the boot propriate as a properties file.
appends a record to a file.
write timestamp in binary format.
calculates the difference between two soundex strings.
process the supplied text and return it as a string.
deletes the given file.
return a path for a check mark.
initializes the disk cache by scanning for all files in the specified root directory.
creates a new instance of tcp.
method to cut the selected bean.
add a remover to be tracked.
invoked when an action occurs.
adds a new entry.
ensures that the size of the stack is the same as the size of the children array.
create a uuid with the specified most - sig - bits and least - sig - bits.
returns a pretty print of the given number of spaces.
render a handler for the given component.
constructs a string representation of the tsdb object.
register a new selector.
multiply two positive numbers of different length.
this method is called when a response code is received from the server.
executes a raw sql query and returns a list of objects.
returns the current time in nanoseconds.
clone method testing.
sends a request to the remote node.
returns true if the given string is null or 0 - length.
enables dependency of the given capability.
extract the current robot debug variables from the stack trace.
add an integer to the config.
maps the full width letter to the half width.
asserts that the given collection contains the same elements in the same order.
returns true if the response code matches the http method and response code.
returns the number of bytes that can be in the available - in - process queue.
adds the given value to this set.
returns true if this action should be executed after the given delay.
move the cursor to the next non whitespace character, forward or backward.
dispatch a message to the startup queue or add it to the startup queue if it is not
removes a set of volumes from a list of zones.
close both the nbest and alignment files.
paints an icon at the specified location.
zooms the image into the center of the screen.
list all the channels in the database.
returns true if this file is hidden.
determines if a scroll view can be scrolled horizontally or vertically.
loads a jar file and returns the jarinfo object.
invalidates the title sortable state.
adds a new row to the table at the given head assignment.
creates a jar with the given file name and content.
go to a day.
returns true if this set contains the specified element.
close a jdbc connection without throwing an exception.
adds details for a specific message item.
add a color map listener.
computes the pdist for each entry in the database.
appends the given suffix to the given string if it does not end with the given suffix.
returns a json representation of all file systems in this directory.
creates a new external problem.
check if a network monitor exist.
adds a list of query predicates to the combined list of children of this query.
add a roll to the list of faces.
compares the user's options to the user's options.
helper method to quietly close a closeable.
push a new encrypted envelope onto the queue.
returns a random integer between min and max.
close ( ) method testing.
push a list of points to the draw list.
populate task list for a given source.
get the tuple with the minimum value.
returns the tip text for this property.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
start a fling animation.
add a callback to be invoked when the navigator changes.
this method is used to close the stream.
returns the patience for the given pattern.
convert an array of series names to a list of series names.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
send a warning log message.
expands the given number string at the given index.
returns true if s1 is null and s2 is not null.
this method is used to run the katharsis test case.
returns true if at least one of the directors of the given set of allocated directors
stops the server and closes the connection.
expands the system id to the base system id.
free a message from the pool.
compares the contents of this builder with the contents of another builder ignoring the case of the characters
converts a uuid to a long.
add a vm argument.
apply a visitor to a field.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
tests whether a screenshot is valid.
tries to unlink the target volumes from the snap session.
reverses the given list of directededges.
change a particular walking iterator to ref.
reads a line of text and returns it as a string.
add a node to the scene.
returns the url of the documentation home page.
checks if the sequences reader has taxonomy information.
removes the listener from the list of listeners who will be notified when the receiver's selection
replace the given type at the given index.
handles save button request.
delete and return the maximum of the given subtree.
atomically removes all of the elements from this deque.
this method is called when a new item is added to the progress bar.
create a new treenode with the given node value and parent.
constructs a week for the specified date / time and the default time zone.
creates a new code attribute from the attributes list.
creates a binary output stream from a given filename.
reads a class descriptor from the input stream.
creates a new file if it does not exist.
or for zero and one.
execute a prepared statement for the given columns.
creates a new instance of the configuration class.
ensures that a given string is not null or empty.
cancels any unnamed tasks currently in progress.
returns the minimum and maximum of all double values in the specified list.
returns a new criteria object.
returns the escaped character at the current position.
updates the query parameters and header parameters for a given set of authentications.
add spaces around spans until the text is fixed.
removes all icons associated with the bookmark.
constructs a new metricgroup.
returns true if the given point is inside the rectangle.
resolves the protocol manager factory classes from the given class loader.
returns a list of host addresses.
caculate in - sample size.
returns true if the user has the given status.
returns a string representation of the classifier.
computes a prfss digest of out using the given secret and seed.
adds a channel map to the channel map.
adds the specified object to this queue, if it's not already there.
associates the specified resource with the specified key in this cache.
parses a set of uid ranges, and returns the set of ranges that should be merged.
replaces all occurrences of a suffix in a string.
executes a claimed task.
creates the navi directory.
method to handle update button.
converts a class file to a bytecode class file.
returns an iterator over the target objects.
fit the size of the content of the scroll bar into the main scroll bar.
returns a hash code value for this object.
build the pool index map.
creates a new dviewasn1dump dialog.
creates the separator component.
adds the specified object at the end of the array.
builds a set of values from a collection of realm results.
generates signature for the block.
and for a negative and a positive numbers ; the first is longer.
writes a portion of an array of bytes.
open an intent to open a file.
converts a date string to a date object.
rounds the specified value to the nearest integer.
creates a new plaintext component with the given short.
creates a copy of this attributeinfo instance.
creates a list of changes for each component.
creates a new object with the given description and the given block.
returns true if the given file can be written to.
returns a string representation of the oid.
read the exception data from the input stream.
skip ( int n ) of a byte array.
add a character to the string buffer.
returns a hash code value for this object.
computes the decomposition of the given matrix.
finds all the crossings between the two given points.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
creates a new repository location with the given repository name and path components.
add a property to this object.
creates a delta tree from the given element and all its ancestors.
returns a string representation of the dialog.
returns the number of mappings in the map.
replaces all occurrences of a pattern in a string.
checks if a coordinate is in a given zone.
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a new xwaveslabelfile reader from a reader.
parse a double value from a string, returning a default if the string is null.
registers an application name.
add a profile to the profile store.
prints the given character to the target.
initializes the block views that are used to display the blocks in the workspace.
clears all trails for a given sso id.
creates a new dnetscapecertificatetype dialog.
parse a comma - separated list of integers into an array of integers.
creates a new exception with the specified error message.
creates a random vector with the specified initial size.
parses a sip message header from a string.
convert srg color to rgb.
records the beginning of a run.
rotate point p around center point c.
checks if the given word is pronounceable.
adds all endpoints of this intersection to the given list, creating a split edge for each intersection
creates a new instance of this class.
create a mem based cache with max cache size in bytes.
updates the max required and max contents widths.
enable or disable the overview menu item.
handle a mouseentered mouselistener event.
fetches a page of collections from zookeeper.
accept the given visitor for the annotation.
adds ids to the set of ids to be included in the ids query.
stops a monitor by removing it from the monitor list.
normalize the url to make it look like " http : / / ".
method to invoke the method.
commits a transaction. if an exception occurs, it will throw an exception.
add an object class to an entry.
populate area list.
read a name from the input stream.
concatenates the given char into this string.
returns the log - odds for a given probability distribution.
signals that the queue is not empty.
recursively fill a marynode tree with the children of this marynode.
returns the number of nodes in the tree.
add a host to the blacklist.
add a lopnode to the set of nodes.
writeobject is called to save the state of the object represented by this map to a stream
returns the square root of the sigma.
inserts or refresh a key / value pair.
translates the current transform by the given x and y values.
write the font, size, and stroke to a stream.
write a number of spaces to a writer.
computes the relative overlap between two mbrs.
handles the auto - draw event.
this method will load at least the number of bytes in the input buffer.
create a z21 message from byte array.
sorts an array of method descriptors according to the method sorter.
parses a comma - separated list of property values into a properties object.
returns true if the type has the given annotation.
builds the tooltip text for a given node.
remove an item click listener.
returns the position that should be used for a selectable item.
pads the given string with spaces to the right.
returns a string array containing the rule names for the given locale names, plus the given suffix
checks whether the given class is cache - safe.
writes the table to the given printstream.
creates a new part from the given encoded and decoded strings.
creates the epoch months.
converts a class descriptor to the corresponding internal class descriptor.
register a new subscription for the given bean and description.
verifies that the state after unmarshalling has been correctly unmarshalled.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
asynchronously perform a stream collection.
convert from the type used by the reflection accessors to the type used by the native access
registers a builder for a company.
translate the reil code of a given node into a new reil graph.
apply any properties that are defined in the content - types. properties file.
reads the contents of a reader and returns it as a string.
computes the similarity between two lanes.
force the overflow of the window.
finds the index of the first occurrrence of the given string.
prepends the label, datatype, literal, and literal prefix to the operand list.
divide a conquerissonian distribution into a list of space time points.
returns the jarxmlversion value of the specified document type.
returns a list containing the merge ( x, y ) of the given lists.
prints an integer to standard output and flushes standard output.
copies the text of the currently selected char field.
handles next button request.
build the description panel.
creates a new http method client.
constructs an asymmetric block cipher with the specified digest and salt length.
decodes a byte array into its uncompressed text representation.
extract a collection of objects from the collection using provided extractor.
returns true if the stack is running on a zte device.
normalizes a given string to the specified encoding.
returns the first node in the list.
returns the number of sets in this set.
creates a new dataset object.
converts a biginteger into its unsigned byte array.
returns the approximate length of the control points in a 2d array.
convert a mouseevent to a map of modifiers and action modifiers.
adds a variable to the clause.
returns true if any of the elements in the steplist have a value, false otherwise.
creates a list of icon markers.
checks if there is a network connection.
assign a thread to handle the given subscriber.
method to validate dynamic attribute values.
returns true if the given type can be assigned from the given instance.
sets up the propertychangelistener for all warrant objects.
add a command to the menu bar.
connects the gatt to the gatt server.
computes the density of a normal distribution.
draws a shape to the given graphics context.
tears down the test.
loads a list of groups from an inputstream.
lazily set the value at the current offset to the given value.
creates the equality key for the given node.
convert a collection to a string.
decodes a base64 encoded string into a byte array.
removes all premove dropped.
clearbit ( int n ) the leftmost bit set.
stop the stop button.
encode the dn name in der form to the stream.
make the object dirty.
returns an array list containing all of the elements in this list in proper sequence.
removes a connection from the pool.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
splits a prefix into individual parts.
converts a string of hexadecimal digits to an unsigned long.
returns the standard error for the sample size.
load the policyqualifierinfo table from a list of policyqualifierinfo objects.
executes the given sql script and returns the result.
returns the first instance of the given class, or null if not found.
removes the given values from the filterable.
resets the message to its initial ( empty ) state.
removes item at index removeindex.
save and close the dialog.
add a message to a uri.
blocking subscribe print for an observable.
calculates a nice number for a given range.
copies a header from a request to a string buffer.
track a metric with a given name and value.
set the values of all fields in the document according to the supplied acceptable field names.
returns the url of the specified resource, or null if not found.
returns a string representation of the formatter in epl format.
returns true if the character at the specified index is specified.
creates a new stat archive reader.
initializes the socket address that is used to connect to the server.
reads a number of bytes from a file.
returns true if the tag name matches any of the tag names.
shuts down the jvm and exits the jvm.
returns true if the specified row is currently expanded.
returns the index of the end of a label.
add a new animator listener.
creates a new http method info response.
determines whether two byte arrays are equal.
draws the text at ( x1, y1 ) and ( x2, y2
updates the races to reflect the current race.
returns true if the parameter is required.
send the given data to the given receiver.
prints the number of fraction digits to the given output stream.
creates a set from a map of elements.
removes all biomes of the given type from the list of biomes allowed by this type
calculates the requirements for a tiled layout.
converts a long to an integer, and writes it to the given writer.
creates an or filter from a filter set.
sends the given byte [ ] to the guacamole client at the given index
defines the labels for the plot.
merge a set of intervals into a set of intervals.
a gstring variant of the equivalent gstring method.
add a node to the list of nodes.
prints the given text to the console.
trims the array to be at least as large as possible.
divide an array of integers into subarray of integers.
asserts that all the specified threads stay alive.
instantiates a new worker manager.
called when a message is received.
shoves this trace from p_location to p_max via info and shoves the
returns true if the distinct projection buffer threshold exceeded the incoming projection buffer threshold.
convert a string to a byte array.
returns the maximum length of the set of items in the font.
write a portion of an array of characters.
round this point so that it is the closest to the left.
determine the proxy to connect to.
adds a reference to the source and reference positions array.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list in proper sequence.
returns true if the thread is running.
unwraps a vcf file into a byte array.
register a user in the datastore.
creates a new select statement with the given columns.
tests whether the given base class is compliant with the given mbean interface.
convert a templatesequencemodel to a set of strings.
create a jks object from an inputstream and a password.
write a location to the output stream.
get the offset to the item at the current position in the file.
evaluates the xpath expression to a string.
converts the response headers to armeria headers.
calculates the load factor for a given number offrames.
initialize the gl program.
returns true if the given alias is contained in this set of entries.
compute the inverse of the selected relations.
float value of a large negative bigdecimal.
binds the key store service.
draws connector centers for the given block.
returns true if the given instruction is a branch instruction.
loads trustmanager from keystore.
returns true if the current node is outside the document element.
creates a thread pool with the specified pool size.
invokes the given method in the given object and returns the result.
removes all attributes from this object.
adds a color which should be used to highlight the helper text, when the helper text is
moves the clock to the next minute.
creates a list basedtokenstream from an attribute source and a list of tokens.
resolve the specified class using the specified classloader.
returns a map of key - value pairs where the key is the name of the value and
finds the first occurrence of the specified key in a byte array, starting at the specified index
adds a synthetic edge to the result.
adds a sequence of states to the states list.
restores the state of this object from a stream.
retries reg enum key ex max_attempts times before giving up.
adds a task to the end of the list of tasks.
initialize the compute shader.
sorts the values in this list according to their natural order.
read an object from a byte buffer.
generates group name based on existing group names.
asserts that the column types of a result set match the expected types.
creates a new defaultactiongroup.
adds a new row to the table.
push a text onto the current term.
constructs a new numeric literal.
compare and set head.
removes all dependency of the given node.
creates a new map with aggressive concurrency.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied
skips all the whitespace characters in the reader and returns the first non - whitespace character.
return an enumeration of literal result attributes.
parses the given string and returns a map of key - value pairs separated by the given separator
constructs a priorityqueue from the specified collection.
returns the unique resource id for this resource.
returns true if the bean is initialized.
normalizes the given charsequence by removing the line separator at the end of each line.
saves the given container configuration with the given schema prefix file name and path.
returns true if the task was aborted.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
skip ( int max_value ) method testing.
test web data.
prints a boolean to standard output and flushes standard output.
creates shared memory space.
close the database connection.
add a qualifier to the version.
loads a 16 - bit signed 16 - bit integer from the given source code location.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
unregisters a baggage handler.
constructs a new dataset, with the specified number of samples.
check if the contents of two arrays of beans are the same in the same exact same order
collects the text of the first matched node.
unproxy the given annotation.
parse the expression in the given text and return a list of nodes.
adds the given section to the list of tickmark sections.
calculates the q_i for a given f and lambda.
flushes the print stream.
deletes the characters in the specified range of characters from this char buffer.
add a plotter to the plotters.
returns the node whose key is closer than or equal to the given key, or null if
adds a listener to this object that will be notified when new speeds are received.
returns true if a match for the given offset is found.
performs an action on a given fault.
returns true if this charsequence contains whitespace characters, false otherwise.
decodes the given base64 encoded value and returns the decoded object.
this method performs the actual validation of the given set of strings.
returns a string representation of the sum of the function values.
get a list of owner names.
computes the result for each step of the function, starting at the given offset.
adds a long value to the request.
compares two objects using the configured comparator.
add an action listener for check box events.
calculates the bounds of the title based on the given paint instance.
computes the sum of the smaller of this g and the larger g and returns the result
returns a string representation of the attribute.
returns the offset of the first field in the class or any of its superclasses.
send a warning log message.
extracts the first element from the list.
fired when an action occurs.
x. net. ssl. sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer src, byteb
upgrade a server instance.
returns an instance of the given class.
pop a type from the type stack.
create a new msrp session.
creates a new shopping post configuration object.
draws a mark at ( x, y ) coordinates with the given color.
invoked when component has been resized.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
change the value of a label.
writes a block of bytes to the wire.
updates the current point of the chart.
quietly join this thread.
clamp view position on horizontal axis.
creates a new http request wrapper.
converts a given x value to the x axis of the panel.
forward a request to the server.
get primary key columns from a preparedstatement.
reads a little - endian 32 - bit integer from the given stream.
convert a leaf to a prefix token.
adds a new record to the end of the csv file.
enqueues a send to the scheduler queue.
await a match, returning either the element or null if no match was found.
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array, with the given string as a
finds an object binding.
initialize the compute shader.
check if task completed successfully or failed from response.
center set of nodes in horizontal direction.
appends the given text to the text body.
restores the saved instance state.
constructs a new instance, based on hour and day.
performs an undo operation.
check if a device is connected to a network using a connected device.
flushes any buffered output buffers and closes the writer.
returns true if any of the fields is empty.
creates a new process object.
extract music id from mediaid.
getscope ( ) method testing.
builds a list of parameters for a given method.
returns true if the given cell is contained in this cell set.
creates a new generator that uses the given random number generator.
converts to primitive array.
this method will process the given lines and add them to the file.
initializes the lookup table.
returns a string representation of this object.
readdata - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
adjust indentation level by a given amount.
returns the current capacity of the buffer.
returns a token representing the code string.
generate a random number between omin and omax.
test of a reopen ( ) method, of a simple memory store.
searches the given paths for a file with the given relative path.
returns true if critical extensions are available.
returns a string representation of the specified value.
loads configuration from jvm parameters.
check if the session is authorized and if so, set the session id.
test view alter and command cache.
print an approximation of a unit.
creates an element with the given tag and namespace uri.
modifies the given file with the given modifier.
in state 2, read the current population, and write the new population.
tests whether the command line option handler can be used for a list of options.
computes the latitude and longitude of a location given a latitude / longitude and longitude.
notifies that the size of the view has changed.
removes a turntable from the layout.
description of the method.
convert a buffered image to a matrix.
creates a new instance of file system utils.
returns the number of scheduled tasks in this scheduler queue.
creates a new dnetscapecertificatetype dialog.
destroys the scene.
adds a mitre join to the current path.
discards any bytes that are not base64.
multiply two numbers of different scales ; the first is positive.
returns the duration that should be limited to a given limit.
converts a cookie path to a cookie path.
returns a string representation of the given double.
creates a new instance of abstract categoryitemlabel generator.
make a unique id from the given oid.
cache an attribute in a value cache.
reads a set of permissions from a policy file.
inject key - value pairs into the supported volume information.
this method is called when the item is detached from the adapter.
loads the table from the given file.
try to gzip the input stream.
returns a hashcode for this object.
returns a new range query for a given range of characters from the given inetaddress.
creates a subject object for the given user.
expands the capacity and size of the vector to accommodate the specified index.
build the command line list.
loads the images for a hex.
triangulate a set of points.
base64url encode a byte array.
writes out a field specification object.
restores the state of this object from a stream.
parses the rdf data from the specified reader.
removes the destination statement from the given text.
helper method to add escapes to a string.
add a file to the classpath.
inserts items at the specified row at the specified index.
adds the specified collection of integers to the current range.
returns the major version buffer.
creates a new index request source from the given source.
creates the data to sign.
set the value of the connection if it has been modified since the specified time.
return the absolute path to the journal file.
create an instance of the given class with the given number of dimensions.
play a collection of animator objects.
prints the error message.
returns a string representation of the request statistics.
apply l1 reg to x.
this method cannot be called directly.
returns a slurp url from a url.
loads all move participants for the given element.
determine the preference vector for the given neighbor.
paint the arrow in disabled state.
flipbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
called when a user is being mutual.
returns true if there is a next event in the chain.
extract the xmp data from the input stream.
initializes a validator for a client.
performs a cross - over operation on bayesnet representation.
resets the engine to the initial state.
creates a new user perspective.
returns the phred of the given error.
returns a descriptor of the given type.
returns a string representation of this object.
throws a simpleparserexception if the current token is not of the expected type.
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate3 ( ). updates values in one column in the
test of setnull method, of class testupdate.
returns true if this type is assignable from the given type.
insert demand details by code and module.
create a sampleinfo from a bytebuffer.
handle maintenance request.
executes the callable and updates the clock.
returns true if the bytecode version string is a post targeted bytecode version string.
specify a mapping that will be used to map the specified source values to the specified type.
try to find a file with the given path and template.
initializes the disk cache by scanning for all files in the specified root directory.
add a circular progress view listener.
creates a new instance of sitestatuscheckers.
render a glyph of the given type with the given scaling.
returns a copy of the retained variables.
releases the application context and releases any resources associated with it.
deletes all tables in the database.
find one by id.
mark a default session token as removed for a particular site.
creates a new exchange object.
computes the discard alpha value for a given amount.
convert unix time to file time.
encrypts the given plain text with the given secretkey using the given encoding.
removes the given address from this user.
ensures correct size of the widget.
report an end of an element event.
verify that the migrate from product home is valid.
returns the history as a spanned array.
formats the given message with the given arguments.
insert prosodic settings from the given element into the given utterance.
creates a folder in the given path.
translates the matrix after rotation.
creates a new ticker text with the given title and body.
adds a protocol if it's not already present in the protocols list.
returns a string representation of this klazz.
adds a key - value pair to the table.
loads a configuration from a resource.
writes a log message to the log file.
draws the vertical portion of the chart.
construct a public key from its encoding.
gets the number of hits for a given query.
returns true if the expression is true.
adds a header to the response.
perform an asynchronous max operation.
prints a single character followed by a newline.
test verifies that an empty record can not be written.
commit any changes to the store.
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate7 ( ). updates rows in the table that match
extract the indentation string of a given line.
does the work of getting the full path.
add a filename from a status line if it matches the container.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_down, result is negative ; distance = -
encodes the given plain string using the specified charset.
called when a slide has been set up.
add a list of sticky drawer items to be included in the drawer.
returns true if the debugging level is finest, false otherwise.
resets the stack to its initial ( empty ) state.
returns the sine of the float.
method to extract the data from the stego file.
make a session id from a prototype.
create a cardinal spline from a series of points.
returns true if seq matches the queue.
compares two comparable objects, returning - 1 if null, 0 if not equal, or greater
checks if the device is rooted by super user.
add a new expression to the expression list.
performs a synchronous rest operation.
finds the component with the given component name.
returns true if the class has a fingerprint of the same type as the given template.
writes an float field value.
extracts the column keys from the input line.
draws a rhombus of the given size ( x, y, w, h )
converts a list of byte buffers to a list of byte buffers.
creates an object of the given class name in the given sibling.
generate a derived key.
test the system run finalization returns even if queue is not empty.
show the view and show it.
computes the width of a string.
checks whether a given accessibilityevent passes sanity checks.
handle the given actionevent.
returns a string representation of the supplied date.
creates a new instance of data source metadata.
returns an email object with the specified value.
create a new address lookup.
adds the given listener to the list of listeners.
creates a new node.
create a cell with a specified number of rows and rows span.
adds a new element to the stack and sets the element name to the given name.
creates a format object from a string representation.
returns true if the given interval is the same as this interval.
returns the given url relative to the given url.
start the task and run it if it's not already running.
creates a journal index.
close the log file.
parses the first consonant of the syllable.
create the buddy panel controller.
compile and execute a compile and return the
park and check if thread was interrupted.
returns a list of all the platforms in the current platform.
adds the specified dependency to the list of dependencies for this action request.
returns true if obj is a date object.
converts config to xml.
builds the quadrilateral of the given points.
heapify - up a given number of elements.
insert a key - value pair into the tree.
unlocks the take and put lock.
returns true if the filename contains any of the given sub - format.
writes the constant to the output stream.
creates a properties object from the supplied properties object.
adds a network listener.
appends the content prefix to the given url buffer.
adds a listener to be notified when an error occurs.
validates a class name.
imports the base types of a raw module.
this method is used to convert a matrix object to a matrix object.
record file system events.
creates a core token exception.
creates a new dimportkeypair dialog.
computes the list of virtual machine paths that are needed to run the jvm.
normalizes the given number to the normalized version of the number.
skips the specified number of bytes from this gray scale vector and returns the rest of the array
removes organization configuration from amsdk.
removes a group listener.
create a mapping from the given source file to the given task name.
extracts the key from a name.
determine the spacing between two motion events.
transforms a map of string keys and values by calling transformkey ( ) and transformvalue (
create a component manager with general seeds.
removes all observers from this object.
unsynchronizes the given byte array.
calculates the general encryption key based on the user's password, firstdocid, and
creates a new message capture.
unzips the given input byte array to an output byte array.
inserts an item into a combo box.
returns the object that will be processed by coentry.
checks whether the given string is in the error messages.
converts a number to a json string.
decodes a comma - separated list of strings into a map of name / value pairs.
returns a set view of the keys contained in this map.
called when the audio streamer has been started.
creates a new instance of propagation imp.
instantiates a new native runner.
indents the given height.
reduce the given calendar to hour, minute, hour, and day of day.
surrounds the given string with the given prefix and suffix.
returns the first point in a list that is not contained in a list of points.
trims or pads a string at a given length.
schedule the session to timer pool.
decrypts a byte array with a key.
logs information about the operating system of this virtual machine.
writes a value to the output before the next element in the stack.
returns the hash of the input string.
generates a guid format for the specified transport type, device type, and serial number.
tests whether a servlet with a jsp file can be added.
compares the specified object with this object for equality with the specified object.
logs an error message and stack trace.
remove a sip event listener.
creates a new execution system.
returns true if the given type is a " command ".
send a report to the outgoing connection.
determines whether a string starts with one or more concatenation.
test ordered by datatype.
handle a mouse click event.
returns a string representation of the values in the order specified in the array.
paint the top edge of the content border.
analyze all the results and write them to disk.
execute a sql statement and return the number of rows affected.
returns the current time in milliseconds since the epoch, or null if no time was set.
creates a new entry from the provided lines of ldif.
clears the list of highlights for the current parser.
see the general contract of the readshort method of datainput.
format an integer into an array of bytes.
appends a character array to the buffer.
checks if the user has a permission.
returns true if this class is an annotation class.
tests whether this basic block is equivalent to another exception handler.
calculates the checksum for the source file.
returns true if the state has a long label.
creates a secretblock with the given hit state.
installs a normal intent.
creates the list of insertables for an item in the temp list.
read the metadata of the outline file.
decode the run length.
reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte array.
creates a no duplicate value constraint.
inflate a single overlay from a string.
computes the revocationhash of a given seed and a given maximum number of child tries
creates a new instance of this class loader.
checks if the source file has been modified.
performs the native flip operation for the contents of the back buffer.
loads a value from a string value.
get a list of all namespaces in a soapelement.
draw a custom hook for the bottom edge of the circle.
converts a bitmap to a byte array.
handle the continue button.
flush a ptp packet.
resets the display cache and id cache.
copies all the files in the source directory to the destination directory.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
record all the recording data.
loads a list of rewrites from a string.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
called when a connection has been closed.
handle the http request.
create a negative number from an array of bytes.
formats the given double value.
removes the positions from the adapter.
resets the shape's bounds.
attempt to parse the given string as a colour.
returns the rank of the matrix.
execute a random modifiable variable.
save a string to a file.
delete old temp files.
flushes the bigdata object to disk.
convert a byte array into a jpeg image.
description of the method.
converts the event id into the corresponding topic.
returns a new match result that is based on the configured matcher.
creates a constraint set for a project.
decodes a base64 string into its original form.
copy the original extent to the target extent.
returns the caller's class loader or null if not found.
helper method for creating a path effect from a style string.
convert a color to an angle.
parses the old bounded size.
adds an encoded query parameter.
create a link to create an image.
creates a namespace with the given qualifier, owner and users.
atomically decrements by one the current value.
update the position and size of the bubble.
removes all elements from the list.
locks the put and take lock.
removes all the files from the disk.
updates the publication date and the last media url based on the episode's publication date and
removes the ui defaults for the specified ui element.
makes the object immutable.
pre - computes the k - nearest neighbor of the given k - nearest neighbor of the
returns a new sorted set that is the same as the original sorted set, except that the
appends a string representation of an id to a buffer.
creates a new available migration.
description of the method.
draws an image using the given transform.
starts the display of the dialog.
selects all rows in the table.
add a raw name / value pair.
returns the number of elements in the set.
like datainputstream. readunsignedint except little endian.
view address by type.
add a pause listener to this animator.
makes this attribute immutable.
adds a component to the end of the list of components.
opens a url and returns the result.
invalidate the specified line of the text area.
constructs a byte bandedraster with the given samplemodel.
initializes the fields from the given uri.
removes and returns last node or null if empty.
returns true if a refresh notification of the specified type is registered for the specified client.
reads all output from the process.
fill header and footer.
add an operand to the operand list.
calculate total amount collected for a receipt.
skips the specified number of bytes.
removes all luns from this user.
escapes the ascii characters in the given string.
copies the content of the specified reader into this reader, using the specified encoding.
clears the dictionary cache.
returns a human - readable type of the given array of objects.
renames a file.
executes a camera command.
returns an enum set describing the kind names of the given kind.
returns the length of the text.
serialize the message digest response.
populates the combos of all services in the package manager.
returns the encoding for the given media type and http headers.
convert a bufferedimage to an image.
returns the current start time.
go to the next view.
returns true if the given string is a number formatted as a decimal number.
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
cache a method in the cache of resolved object methods.
setbit ( int n ) the top bit in a positive number.
destroys the given context map.
close an output stream without throwing an exception.
returns the node at the given index.
converts a single character to a visible width.
create a directory if it does not already exist.
create a gtsinputstream wrapping a given base timestamp.
encode an array of coords into a base64 string.
extract the weight values for each synapses.
flushes the connection and closes the underlying connection.
returns true if the filter contains the given hashes.
ensures that the buffer is large enough to hold the given number of additional data bytes.
checks if the given phone number is a valid one.
trims off the end of the url.
get next classification key - value pair.
add alpha to a color.
stops the server. this method is called after the server has been stopped.
copies the contents of a local state into the given array.
attempts to read a response from the given connection.
adds the specified element at the end of the queue.
creates a new translatablecomponent.
add a part at the specified index.
inserts the value at the specified position in this builder.
returns true if the specified nature is set, and is set.
dumps the contents of this store into a log file.
open the file system.
finds a type conversion for the given source type and target type.
advances the area tree to the latest encompassig time tree or max time tree
this method calls proc updatesusers and updates the values of the record passed.
send the option request.
performs a test for the properties and returns the result.
adds the given delete.
returns the maximum of two values.
add a container to the container list.
calls the super method and writes the approximation of the knn distances of this entry to
adds a method to the chain.
returns the request for the current thread.
returns a hex encoded hash of the given password.
schedules the recipe for the given length.
returns a hash code for this object.
this method is used to unsubscribe from the given topic.
is operating system digital unix?.
disconnect from the client and kill the connection.
returns true if this name ends with the given name.
calculates the total height of the view.
checks whether the given string is a valid regular expression.
returns true if there is a specialized handler for the given intent.
flushes the output stream.
attach footer text to the content.
creates a sentence from the given connectives and the given children.
tests that the state of the object can not be changed by modifying the contents of the key
this method initialises the open and remove all mappings from the store.
creates a histogram with the same values as the histogram but with the same keys as the histogram
update the icons for the package of a given user.
parses, validates and computes normalized version of date object.
adds the values for the specified attribute.
test the case where the unpark happens before the timeout.
sets the maximum commit index.
finish all the fragments in this fragment.
this method is used to write utf - 8 encoded bytes to utf - 8.
converts a hex string to a string, without throwing an exception.
returns the set of examples that match the given feature.
converts a rate in the format " 100 : 100 : 100 : 100 : 100 : 100
returns the next element in the queue.
returns true if field queuesize is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
returns a string representation of the given number.
creates at test index creation status with bulk data hit.
validate the given value against the given rule.
returns the url of the given owner.
returns a random number between start ( inclusive ) and end ( exclusive ).
offer an event to the queue, waiting if it matches the predicate.
returns an algorithm parameter specification.
returns true if the character is a valid token character.
draws the lines and points for the ordered set.
add an element type.
given a class, returns a string representation of the class's log tag.
writes a string followed by a newline.
create a uri from a uri and a scheme - specific fragment.
paints the given ppc.
return the game as a byte array.
adds a import to the set of imports.
draws an arrowhead at the given location.
initializes the class loader.
marshals the parameters of a method into an object array.
load the data from the service.
creates a resource name from a resource name and a locale.
returns a string representation of an array of objects.
draws an icon at the bottom of the chart.
performs a query to the server and returns the number of modified rows.
resets all properties to their default values.
convert an image to a buffered image.
returns true if the operation has been cancelled.
removes the given directed edge from the graph.
returns true if the named event can be generated.
this method is called when a message is dispatched to a producer thread.
sets the until date.
returns true if the specified x - coordinate is within the bounds of the thumb.
cleans up all the files under the given baseuri.
returns true if this object can be collided with any other object.
updates the stats with the given duration and unit.
submit a task to a queue.
creates a new instance of executor.
dumps the audio data to the specified writer.
adds a field to the list of fields that will be buffered in the current line of the
adds an incomplete expansion room.
compute the desired magnitude of a desired unit vector.
trims all non - ascii characters from a charsequence.
validates vnx smis storage system request.
calculate the next trace ( i.
serializes an object into a byte buffer.
write bytes to the channel.
creates a new sensor if it does not already exist.
returns the maximum of the two distances.
fills the shape with the given points.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream.
decodes a base 256 segment and appends it to the given string builder.
move the month to the current day.
converts an ip address to an ip address.
returns true if the template is a valid template.
returns the next element in the queue, or throws an unsupportedoperationexception if there is no
normal cdf of x and y.
destroys this connection and removes it from the port.
atom : : : = ('\ n ','\ r ','\
create a unary operator from an input stream.
checks whether the network is connected or not.
called when a tab is closing.
adds a collection with the specified name, supported, auth scheme, and level.
closes the connection to the server.
replaces all edges in the graph that are collapsed.
called by the track when a timing event occurs.
creates a new seaglass title pane.
returns a string representation of the list.
writes a long ( 64 bit ) to the target stream.
given a list of file paths and a list of file names, returns a list of the
returns the charset with the given name.
constructs a new number with the given integer value.
dumps the given stack trace in a human - readable format.
execute a sql statement and commit.
converts a method signature into a name cache name.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end -
map library name to native library name.
get the next matcher in the stream.
process the list of loaded fragments, and clear the invalidated layers.
adds a private field to the class.
reconstruct a list of fd private subrs for a font.
returns true if the sequence matches the pattern.
initialize gl context with gl context.
clears the heap.
adds additional parameters to the request that should be added to the user's token.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
adds the lenient parts of a line to the builder.
recursively merges all children of a given node.
negate ( ) for a negative bigdecimal.
creates a new instance of the given item type and binds it to the given instance of the
creates a simple setup panel with the given experiment.
adds a listener to the list of listeners.
process the command line arguments passed by the user.
check if is zoning required.
initializes the root element of an xml document.
returns true if this object has the specified name value.
returns true if this charseq starts with the given prefix.
returns true if the window is contained by the window of the given class.
support for reporting bound property changes for integer properties.
starts fading to the specified layer.
computes the hash code of a repeated boolean field.
creates a new abstract surface object with the given source.
parses a string representation of a sootmethod and returns the corresponding class object.
start up the unit selection of all the units.
find the index of the beginning of a column.
decodes a color string and returns it as a color object or default color if not found
returns a list of modules that are required for processing the given source type and target type.
returns the distance between this vector and another.
calculates how many gcbeans have elapsed since the last call.
close the store. this should be called after the store has been closed.
returns the number of distinct values in sourcelist that are contained in entrylist.
starts a nested object with the specified number of fields.
send a stream of messages to kafka.
returns a string consisting of the given character and the given number of characters.
adds the connection to the view.
trims all non - ascii characters from the beginning and end of the text.
adds the given listener to the list of listeners who will be notified when the script is finished
called when the data has been returned to the user.
get ( ) method testing.
concatenates the given arrays into a single array.
ensures that the tmp array tmp has at least the specified number of elements, increasing its size
adds a new value for the specified category.
adds a continuation element to the test elements.
calculates the rotation angle in degrees for a given center point and a target point.
returns the number of occurrences of characters in the specified sequence.
create a crl from an integer value.
verbose log message with printf formatting.
calculates the log probability of a given number of values.
sets the tolerance of the process.
called when a drag has finished.
write the log to disk.
inserts the entry at the given index into the dynamic table at the given position.
extracts the secret access key from a uri.
makes a dial for a given contact.
add a class to the set of safe classes.
check if there is a room in the active list.
returns true if the server is currently running.
parse a resource and return a map of step names to step values.
return a string representation of this money object.
test of a journal that is not empty.
check if the rows match ip address.
quick pow, with a max relative error of about 2.
returns the entry path for the given class.
write the given number of bytes.
creates a map of imported annotations to their annotations in the given package.
apply cut - formation to all ways of the node.
performs an immediate update to the database.
returns true if the mouse event specifies the middle mouse button.
add a success message to the success message list.
called when the start stopped check box has been changed.
close the input stream.
returns the next available log segment sequence number.
asserts that a specific language is set.
on block exploded, return a random fuse time.
returns true if there are currently queued reader threads.
returns the amount of time that this process has been inactive.
equivalent to assert cond : value ;.
adds a definition to this cos definition.
creates a sourcedata quality object from an xml document.
constructs a qelement from the given output class.
generate a token from a jwtid and a set of claims.
export an array of symbols.
returns true if the given bit is fulfilling the given bit.
add a data source listener.
finds the annotation in the given qualifier hierarchy, starting at the given offset.
changes to the last known state, and notifies all listeners that the state has failed.
reads a number of bytes from an input stream.
computes the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors.
called when the parser has finished parsing the current group.
cancels the included input and output buttons.
removes all entries from the list.
creates an error dialog with a title and message.
checks that the index header suffix is the expected suffix.
description of the method.
parse a string that represents a disk disk file.
checks whether the given object is trusted within the given context.
creates a new persistent search request control.
connects the neurons to the given synapses group and pre - allocates the
multiply a character by a character.
normalizes the given charsequence.
add a zone change listener.
write a single byte.
create a new start listener.
returns the entire matrix as a flat list.
resets the scheduler object to its initial state.
returns a hash code for the given key for the disk.
record the current timestamp.
tears down the thread pool.
parses the given string, starting at the current position.
returns the default maximum radius.
returns a copy of the content of this char buffer as a char array.
returns the number of pending workers.
inserts the specified component at the specified index.
un - escape and split characters.
appends an input stream to an output stream.
creates a new map with the same mappings as the given map.
add a single rule to a given selector.
adds the given byte array as the end of the read data segment.
checks if the latest dss keystore was found.
initialize the resourcebundle with the given resource bundle name.
instantiates a new graphicmersupport object.
returns true if this package name matches the naming convention.
remember a factory for a host.
returns the next character in the stream.
removes first entry.
creates new task cancelled exception with given throwable as a nested cause and source of error message.
normalizes the given source array to the given destination array.
removes obsolete elements from the shared elements map.
removes an action from the list of actions.
computes the error for a given number of quad segs.
reads the next record from the reader and returns a pair of header, sequence, comments and
adds the specified character to this element.
returns true if the ifd id is a valid ifd type.
removes the given group from the list of children.
check if the given native guid string exists in the db.
appends a split element to the end of the list of splits.
instantiates a new osm handler.
closes this stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
returns the direct connection to which this respoke instance was created.
appends the given national number to this national number.
copies and deletes all selected objects.
stop the ledger, canceling all future threads and calling close ( ).
releases all the resources held by this object.
configures the command - line prefix.
write an affine to the page.
signum ( ) for a positive bigdecimal.
creates a new chain by appending the specified painter to the end of this chain.
parses an operator type from the given stream.
performs a drag from the specified source object to the specified destination object.
queue up sync entries for the given contacts cursor.
removes the series at the specified index.
add the glue at the end of the jlist.
writes the given result to a file.
this class cannot be instantiated.
below method will be used to write blockletinfo to file.
renders a tree as tree.
replaces all occurrences of a regular expression in a stringbuffer.
compares the two strings in upper case, ignoring the case of the characters.
adjusts the size of the backing file to fit within the specified offset.
creates a collection of collection of netps ordered by distance from the first collection to the next
creates a js method invocation expression.
perform a double - click action.
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization.
drop a list of tables from the database.
creates a disk segment for the given segment file.
checks if the given email address exists in this set of people.
returns the maximum of two values, ignoring any nan values.
crab - down dir block for modification.
removes the reference to connection from the source.
returns true if queue starts with a letter or digit.
create a new vacuumuum environment.
generate a jar file for a remote class.
add a view id to the list of item's long - click listeners.
removes a point from the list of points.
creates a photo from the given file.
converts an array of bytes into a long value.
creates a new unicode escape for a given character.
invoked when a mouse button has been pressed on a component.
removes formatting from a line of text.
xor for a negative and a positive numbers ; the first is shorter.
prints the charging times to the console.
returns true if the stack is empty.
write the most recent record to a csv file.
creates a service configuration for an organization.
deletes an authentication domain.
adds a sourcecoderemark for the given element and message code.
called when an action should be pre - modified.
saves the given document entity in asynchronous fashion.
returns true if this stream can be read without blocking.
returns the name of the parent relation.
creates a new bytecolumn with the specified number of values and default value.
convert a select statement into a relnode.
executes the given script in the given context.
creates a new dom document builder.
returns a string representation of the sample rate.
returns true if this connection has been closed.
start the hash code generator in a separate thread.
instantiates a new typereference.
escape the given byte array and return the escaped byte array.
returns the native string name of this object.
serializes the supplied dom document to a html string.
return a client for the given seed addresses.
cast a string to a boolean value ( primitive value type ).
returns true if there are more work.
updates the seed if there is one.
generate the bytecode for the class file.
use compact font format?.
main entry point for the tool.
returns a string that can be used as a mosesize for a given feature.
calculates the height of a text, depending on a demo text.
checks if the server is being shut down.
removes all tasks from the queue that are not blocked by any dependencies and executes them.
callnonvirtualshortmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a short value.
fires a property change of a boolean property.
removes all markers from the map.
capture the current token and return the pre - parsed string.
returns a localized string representation of the specified long value.
test parsing client handshake packet.
runs the test case.
check the frame value, and add it to the used labels list.
creates a template object for the given value.
returns true if the custom control should take focus, false if it shouldn't be.
initialise the signature object with a private key.
filter the zones for initiators and ports.
returns true if the extension of the filename is one of the given file extensions.
writes a post resource to a jar file.
close the underlying file.
creates a new typed event listener.
returns a list of child nodes of the given node.
returns a corleone context for the given job context.
returns the info for an array of integers.
add a method to the class.
add the replication factor to the operation.
show the default casing of the window.
decode a line suffix of a file.
add a transaction to the server.
determine the spacing between two motion events.
returns true if the method is contained in the poly.
create a jkparser that will query the given source and target strings.
select the attribute set instance.
ensures that the file is open.
tests canonicalizing a journal commit record.
prints an object to standard output and flushes standard output.
stops the worker and calls the stop ( ) method.
reads a number of bytes from an input stream and returns it as an integer in the buffer
generate graph file.
close an outputstream and ignore any resulting exception.
adds a propertychangelistener to the beancontextchild.
returns true if the entry has expired.
loads the user info into the action bar.
returns the direction corresponding to the arrow key.
creates a trace graph that includes the supplied spans.
returns whether or not the object is currently persistent.
create a date from separate strings for month, day, year, hour, minute, and
schedule a mesos failure.
finds the configuration file in the working directory.
adds the given word to the current line.
called when a preference is clicked.
read and process a'www - authenticate'header.
returns the string representation of the boolean value.
sends a message to a producer and validates that the messages are received.
add a " live " clause to the query.
returns a string representation of the specified uri.
returns true if the given key exists.
creates a new allocation site.
draws an image with an affine transform.
parse an integer value from a character array.
creates a new activity monitor sample.
computes the locations of a great circle extreme.
sets the checked state of the given checkbox.
paint the check mark in enabled state.
find the index of the first letter of a uri, or - 1 if not found.
write command to log file.
reload all images to the root directory.
creates a new dns record.
return a block of rows as a string.
add a content specification node to the current element.
grow the hash table to accommodate a large number of entries.
reconnects to the server and resets the connection to the previous connect.
returns an unmodifiable collection of records in this port.
returns a string representation of the buffer.
returns true if the meta data has a change event.
reset all xml elements in the list.
returns the distance between this circle and any other circle.
creates a new command with the given command name and arguments.
increases the size of the vector.
converts a table to lower case.
creates a new instance.
breadth - first search algorithm.
creates a new view ref with the given type and priority.
checks that the number of arguments passed to the method are correct.
announce a set of multicast groups.
creates a new drawingattributes object.
close the scanner.
creates the policy tree for the given organization and organization.
rollback method for creating a dummy lun.
converts a string representing a time into seconds.
detach an activity from the attr view maps.
read preferences from the settings file.
add a download to the active list.
adds a tla expression to the tla expression list.
returns true if the given hunk is upper case camel case.
adds the type to the list of type names for each character in the given string.
returns true if this class provides an identifier.
remove redundant affix in strlist.
returns a random integer between 0 ( inclusive ) and n ( exclusive ).
resumes updates from the previous day to the current day.
store the last used time in milliseconds.
determines whether the given container can contain the given child element at the given index.
extract the set of arc ids from the given oid.
test verifies that all elements in the list are not duplicate.
updates the stats for a conditional density classifier.
returns true if this file should be shown in the directory pane, false if it shouldn '
add two positive numbers of different length.
starts a new poll for the given connection.
increments the access count of this object.
compares if two doubles are within a tolerance.
converts a bitmap to a byte array.
instantiates a new configure dialog.
returns the natural log of the given number at the given base.
evaluates the uf2 problem.
creates a new file families descriptor.
reads the next block of data from the input stream and returns it as an integer in the
adds a run to the list of runs.
copies the converter objects into the given array.
add a new output sensor.
initializes the channel with the given socket channel.
resets the stack to its initial state.
if a value is present, invoke the specified consumer with the value, otherwise do nothing.
send a dim / value command to the device to reach a specific intensity.
reads the next token from standard input, parses it as a float, and returns the float
creates a new scheduler.
. arrays. fill ( int [ ], int offset, int length ) method testing.
calculates the width of the layout.
closes the directory and deletes all of its contents.
returns true if the given element can be found in the current context.
description of the method.
converts an iso 8601 encoded duration into a human readable string.
sends a text message to the group chat.
returns the string representation of this object.
removes a thread from the list of running threads.
creates a new event handler for the given node.
read the index source to log.
delete current license file on disk.
returns the network parameters for the test net.
this method is called by the worker thread.
reads the event data from the input stream.
updates the bounds for the fast scroller.
creates a new dnetscapecertificatetype dialog.
creates a directory in the given directory tree.
is operating system windows8?.
returns the set of unused functions for the given set of units.
adds items to a list.
returns a list of proxy objects.
add a list of definitions to the list of includes.
adds an observation to the dataset.
tally variant of a vcf record.
reads len bytes from the underlying input stream and returns the number of bytes written.
constructs a new ldif file from the provided lines.
update the preson info.
removes the entry at the specified position from the list.
present a list of licenses to the user.
add a geo key to the index.
detect a geo time serie, given a set of patterns.
dumps a list of candidates into a human - readable message.
flatten a boolean [ ] into an xmlserializer.
add a outbound rule to the outbound rules list.
creates a skype object.
called when a drag has finished.
adds the given flags to the set of flags for this layout.
match a certificate to a key store.
purges the most recently purge items from the db.
move all views ( excluding headers and footers ) to the same heap.
create a new proxy verifier.
override super class to translate the x and y of the scene before drawing the scene.
writes a key before the beginning of a key.
transfers the input stream to the output stream.
test the properties file directory.
performs a + b, using the given pattern to check if a + b is within the
serialize a compact rdf node.
adds a checkbox to a container.
pushes the current state onto the stack.
drop an existing index.
returns the next element in the queue, or null if there is no more elements.
add a processor to the pipeline.
adds the given data to the given chunk at the given index.
initialize the resource comparator based on configuration information.
removes the least used entry from the free list.
convert less than one thousand.
returns true if the uri is an embedded base64 image.
change the state of the device.
parses the link label.
read a file and return its absolute path as a string.
called when an exception occurs.
checks if the user is allowed to access the app.
closes the current saved file and saves it to disk.
returns the index of the operator that should be updated.
returns the chunk of the given string.
this method will convert the mapping of boolean array to string.
decodes a base64 encoded string into a bytebuffer.
removes all of the elements from the list.
returns a brighter color for the given scale.
shuts down the thread pool.
constructs a message from the specified byte array.
invoked when the i / o has completed.
writes a golomb bit to the binary output stream.
add a force to the force list.
convert a number to a metric value.
returns true if the sequence overlaps with the specified range.
constructs a b - value pair with the specified values.
prepare - e. g., getid ( ), getid ( ), get
checks if the url is configured.
converts a delimited list to a string array.
reads a byte array from the file at the given offset of the file.
report a fatal error.
make a backup of a file.
push a pair onto the stack.
remove storage from disk.
appends container config to container config.
read only game settings.
deletes a set of users.
returns true if the file name matches any of the wildcards.
removes a region from the list of regions.
close an input stream without throwing an exception.
the start of an element.
stops the selector thread and closes all underlying sockets.
creates a new storage object.
calculates the width of an item based on the current plot orientation.
opens the camera and starts sending preview frames.
adds a breakpoint listener.
updates the display area of the window if the window is showing.
releases waiters waiting for a given phase.
returns a dateformat instance for the specified date / time and time zone.
prints the exception's stack trace to standard output.
scans the type parameters of the given type.
creates a new block with the given boolean flag.
returns the poisson distribution function.
finds an expression from a source string.
add a channel to the channel store.
deletes all files and subdirectories in the given directory.
pipe input stream to output stream.
release any resources held by this detector.
trim all occurrences of the given leading character from the given string.
retrieves an item from the queue, waiting if necessary until an item is available, or the
performs the given action in a thread safe manner.
submit a task to the task manager and display it.
add a selection of an attribute.
create the left - over buffer.
return the next value in the sample.
this method cannot be called directly.
configures the simulation to use the head less mode.
check if the window id is the next one.
checks whether the given class is visible from the given class loader.
remove an event from zookeeper.
creates a new xmlparser.
returns true if the argument is a legal form.
adds an array of strings to a list.
removes the given toast from the list.
test of vmstat header and data parse.
generate a key based on a password and salt.
partially escapes the given assertion value.
removes the view at the given index from the parent view group.
returns true if the given prefix was already declared.
add an agent to the agent list.
calculates the attack status for a creature and a main hand.
creates a new vertex processor.
releases the idle state.
this method validates the availability of the replicas for a slice.
return this as a class declaration or throw unsupportedoperationexception.
convert a spec to a fully - qualified class name.
converts a charsequence into an inputstream using the specified encoding.
tests the case where the object is hit after the find ( ) method.
deletes the given cheque from the photo repository.
returns the partial correlation coefficient of the given matrix.
add a column with the given name and expression.
atomically adds the get time accumulating the put and get time accumulating the get time
checks whether the saturation value is valid.
parse the given cell string as a layout constant.
handle a pseudo property change.
runs the given command in the given directory and returns the output as a string.
returns the selectable channel.
tests the iiii timezone offset.
returns the string representation of the given tag.
adds the file name extensions and file name filters to the jfilechooser.
retries reg enum value max_value_length times before giving up.
parses the given string as an iso 8601 date time and returns the corresponding date time.
validate a given dataset's default model.
add an annotation to the pdf page.
finds the preferred provider id.
checks if the given directory exists and if it does not exist, creates it.
assert the specified values have been received.
returns true if a journal rebuild is required.
prints a float followed by a newline.
extract a register from the current register set.
called when authentication fails.
builds interceptor objects for a given method.
removes all phis in the ir from the list of phis in code order.
counts the number of tokens in the given string that are contained in the given target string.
initialize a set of set of tests to be covered by coverage analysis.
builds route interceptors for the given methods.
check gml footprint validity.
tests various methods of this class.
quantile function, static version.
creates a cipher parameters from a bcpbe key and an algorithm parameter spec.
instantiates a new orion editor.
writes a byte at the specified offset from this native object's base address to the specified
adds a validation error to the validation errors list.
parses an option setting and stores it into the given map.
generates a random client credentials.
builds the dictionary and stores it in the given solrcore.
starts the guidedtour based on the json string.
runs the test case.
adds a listener to the list of listeners.
clamp mag between absolute values.
handle a mouse click on a plot.
adjusts the bytecode index for a given barrier.
returns a string representation of this object.
interposes a given number of bytes in a given vector.
creates a directory in which temporary directories will be created.
synchronize all authentication data of the current user.
creates an element in the xml encryption space.
move all views remaining in mactiveviews to mscrapviews.
draws a line in the center of the screen.
returns true if the proxy host is set in the settings or false if it is not set
returns true if the current value is the same as the default one.
parse a key - value mapping from a source string.
called when the size of the view has changed.
add a number of bytes to the buffer.
creates a website address based on the supplied origin or host or pattern.
test the filter test.
resets the pending tele missile attacks list.
add padding to an array of bytes.
add commands to a pdf page.
returns a string representation of the matrix.
adds the given sequence to the end of this sequence.
notify that the activity has changed its state.
returns the elasticity for a given spot.
returns the contents of the http entity as a byte array.
returns the first foo in the ordered set where uuid = & # 63 ;.
rounds the given number to the nearest integer.
creates a new runner object.
is operating system windows me?.
converts a date to a string.
determines the size of a component based on a form specification and cell size.
determines whether the given ast nodes are of the same element type.
appends the data to the given stringbuilder.
returns a string representation of the number.
resets the position to 0.
reads a single byte from an inputstream and returns it as an integer in big - endian
writes the given charsequence to the given file using the default character set.
returns true if this authnrequest is a set of authn requests that should be accepted
compile the prolog to source.
removes all listeners from this bean.
creates a selection input dialog.
this method builds the dictionary from the provided solrcore instance.
converts a class name to a resource path.
constructs a uri from the given scheme, scheme - specific parts and fragment.
adds a solution to the population.
returns a copy of the input data as a byte array.
creates a disk in the specified project.
returns true if the host name is a valid domain name.
disables an attribute by it's name.
generates the instruction to push the given instruction on the stack.
encode the body of a request.
returns the key corresponding to the given string or null if not found.
writes this index to the specified stream.
returns the node that should be shown when the button is clicked.
decode octets in the given byte buffer and append it to the given string buffer.
construct a vector by appending one vector to another vector.
reverses the animations in reverse order.
starts the contacts observer thread.
support for reporting changes for constrained integer properties.
test for the lm function, it returns the log score for the whole document.
called by native code whenever a list of sinks are received.
converts a dto to a user object.
writes the statements to drop a foreign key from a table.
obtain a lock on the file.
fill the fits header with the given object.
collect all affected files.
update the position of the particle based on the elapsed time.
updates the ticklabel values and positions of the ticklabels based on the given length.
returns true if the given target position is within the bounds of the given start position and end
asserts that the statement indices in the database are consistent.
show a badge for a specific item.
adds an option with an integer value.
determine the target page based on the current page and the velocity.
returns the form of the element at the given index in the given matrix.
make a copy of this vector3f with the same points as the source vector.
converts a glob to a regular expression.
force a no - loss check.
this method will split the given string, but only if it contains the given separator character.
test splitproperteys ( ) method testing.
removes an object at the given offset from the source array.
creates a new dictionary adapter.
checks whether the tab is associated with a non - destroyed activity.
creates a new httpstream wrapper.
add a file to the list of files to be processed.
returns true if the string looks like a number, false otherwise.
add a pair of points to the hull.
reads a short ( 16 bit ) from the source stream.
prints the string representation of the specified integer to the target.
creates a proximity node for a given degree.
checks if zoning is required for the given varray uri.
send a reply to the server.
creates a new frame with the given name, delay and frames.
navigate to dump.
adds the given messages to the list of messages.
make a random cache entry.
swap the gl state of the gl surface.
creates a list of window of size windowsize.
builds a path from a json path.
adds the specified element at the specified position in the specified array.
returns the double - value of the number.
returns a string representation of the matrix.
create a new fileinputreader.
create a new object output stream for this file.
returns a set view of the keys contained in this map.
adds a certificate validity to the certificate validity list.
adds a policy listener to the cache.
verifies that the given code is the same as the given code.
returns a new script engine based on the given file name.
finds the module with the given id from a list of modules.
extracts the value at index i of the list of arguments of a given type from the given
returns a local date in year day by proleptic year and day of year.
recover the entry identified by the given alias from the given keystore.
creates a new url with the given base url.
min ( ) for unequal bigdecimals.
instantiates a new wiser server adapter.
returns a new array containing the concatenated elements of obj onto arr.
set the camera to a truck camera of the given size.
shuts down the scheduled executor service.
removes all of the mappings from this locale builder.
compresses the current string to a new string.
splits a list of pairs into a single integer.
send an error log message.
add a propertychangelistener to the list of listeners.
cleans a directory and all subdirectories.
finds the minimum version of all entries in the cache.
creates a new dimensioned scalar.
description of the method.
computes the standard deviation of the kernel.
override this method if you want to change the initial values.
inserts the specified element at the specified position in this list.
creates a new multiplexmanager.
returns true if the given item matches the element name pattern.
returns the provided value if the value is null, otherwise returns the provided default value.
compares the last received key - value pair to the last received key - value pair.
paints the track component.
converts a time string to a sql time object.
choose a server alias for a given key type and issuers.
returns the probability distribution function.
charge - set value.
parses the current template file and returns a list of actors.
brokera < - brokerb - > brokerc.
flushes this object to the output stream.
discards the current thread's thread's thread's thread's thread.
convert a leaf to a semicolon token.
write the packet buffer to the packet buffer.
register a file type with a set of default associated file names.
parse a number from a string.
creates a request security token response object from the given xml string.
request a resource request.
filter items by player level.
returns the index of the smallest value in a list that is greater than or equal to the
add a symbol to the set.
helper method to add escapes to a string.
returns the number of elements in the list.
convert a base64 string to a long value.
returns the smallest ( " bottom " ) n values in the column.
calculates the score for the outlinks of this page, assuming that the outlinks of this
close the current graphics and wait for it to be drawn.
browse a file and return the list of files in it.
appends the string to the text buffer.
creates a new wizard initial object creation page.
unwraps the data and performs any necessary clean - up.
returns true if the specified attribute is specified.
checks the current user's joda time permission.
stores password in shared state.
removes the specified child node from this policy node.
float value of a large positive bigdecimal.
waits for termination of the external process and returns the result.
refresh all inherited methods of this class.
called when the operation has failed.
changes the state of the annotation document for a given source document and user.
removes an edge from the graph.
invoked when a key has been released.
returns true if at least one of the nodes in this node matches the given pattern.
writes a number of bytes from the given buffer to the file at the given offset.
generates the rules files.
returns true if the given object is a cglib proxy.
calculates the indents for each pixel of the image.
tests fix for bug # 2030 - createstatement ( ) bug # 2030 - create
check if two arrays are equal. null - value fields are considered equal if their length is
add an annotation to the front.
add a frame to the animation.
returns a string representation of the given code point.
cleans up the minidump file.
closes the outbound socket.
extract a thumbnail from a bitmap.
writes the contents of the package. xml file to the contents directory.
returns an array containing the first and additional events in this group.
decode the der encoding from the input stream.
process an attribute string of type t_short_name into a vector of prefixes.
returns a shallow copy of this set.
dumps a long value into a stringbuffer.
type a special character.
check if two objects are equal.
returns true if the mime type is defined in the file extension map.
skips the specified number of notifications starting at the specified position.
writes the given pdx object to the given pdx writer.
writes an integer to the buffer at the current position.
returns true if the priority queue is empty.
creates a new viterbipoint with the given item.
paints the bottom edge of the content border.
emits a list add.
parses a pem encoded pem string and returns a key object.
create a parallel publisher from a source.
returns the next value in the recurrence.
adds a variable to the priority queue.
canonicalizes the url to a canonicalized form.
read the contents of a file.
calculates the animation duration based on the initial velocity and displacement.
compute the euclidean norm of the vector.
determines the height of this view.
adds a byte to the buffer.
returns the mean of the vectors in the range [ 0, 1 ].
create a new instance of a sprite with the given set of pre - existing pre - existing
closes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
creates a sync token from a date / time string and a uuid.
returns true if the two objects are equal, false otherwise.
initialize the etcd client with the given directory.
close inputstream without a exception.
tests the state of a extremitymonitor with a random value.
replaces all occurrences of oldchar in str with newchar.
this method creates a new form.
returns a canonical representation of this type declaration.
open a other uri.
waits for all of the active and live replicas to complete.
adds an element to the vector.
returns true if the current row is a record in the database.
splits a file path into a list of file names.
returns true if taxa is compatible with any of the available taxa in the taxa
draws the text of a label.
returns true if there are map objects in this object.
performs all of the actions that are required to throw an exception.
returns a collection of all thread roots of the specified width.
add a field name translation for a aggregate.
returns the minimum dimensions needed to layout the target container.
checks whether the given resource has changed.
create a telurl from an uri.
creates a new example set with the given support vectors and kernel.
resets the engine and initiates a gc.
creates a new instance of sorter.
returns the string representation of the value.
probability density function of gev distribution.
generates a format from a codec.
description of the method.
returns the maximum element of this stream according to the provided key extractor function.
returns the object whose commit counter is equal to the given commit counter.
starts the animator for each property in the pending animations list.
prints the stack trace of an exception to a string.
splits the given variable name into the left - and - right - to - left - to
called after a child thread has finished its work.
registers transport protocol bean for specified container.
this method is used to update the values of the table corresponding to the bean instance passed in
cancels the video fading edges screen timer.
removes a timeout event listener.
reads the properties from the given properties file and stores them in the gpc object.
adds a table lock object.
returns a random element of a list.
maps a key - value mapping to an immutable set.
waits for the specified async invocation to complete before giving up.
defines a range of slots for a given field.
open a connection to the database.
report an error to the user.
invoked when a mouse button has been pressed on the component.
decodes the given base64 string and returns the decoded bytes.
call the given function on the given source line and column with the given arguments.
returns a set view of the keys contained in this object.
output the contents of the list to the given writer.
computes the mod of a vector by applying the head coefficient to each element of the vector
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
appends a string representation of the given character to the given string builder.
prints the bootstrap map to the log.
converts an enumeration of options to a vector of options.
add a new token to the token list.
filter large value sets.
adds tags to the builder based on the platform ident, agent ident, and agent name.
returns the build number of the application.
build a left regular bipartite graph segment.
add focusables to a list of views.
configures the http request.
converts an integer to a title.
returns the escaped character at the current position.
process an input and output to a pack file.
creates the replicator runtime configuration.
converts a number to a local number format.
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
convert a list of longs to an array of longs.
updates the enabled state of menu elements.
runs putgetremove ( int, collection < integer > ) method and returns collection with removed
formats a list of strings into a single string.
removes a notification listener from the broadcaster.
utility function for ucumm ( a, agg, c, rowmin, rowmax
given a directory and a list of modules, returns a list of all the modules contained in
returns a string representation of the process error state report list.
getissuername ( ) method testing.
initializes and starts the reader.
creates a new xa instance with the given properties.
converts a number to degrees.
add a view to appear at the beginning of the header.
returns true if the given system id is an absolute path.
initialize demand and collection map.
returns an instance specifications for the given index.
creates a shaped recipe with the specified nominal output.
writes an xml tag with the specified font value.
internal write ( byte [ ] b, int off, int len ).
connects to the given host and port.
flushes the input buffer and returns whether the batch is finished or not.
configure ok http client.
parse the contents of a file.
returns the test suite.
load the given object into the dom document.
creates an omraster, lat / lon placement with an imageicon.
start a new dequeue.
this method gets called when a bound property is changed.
asserts that the given objects are equal.
returns a string representation of the flags in the form of a - z0 - z0
format the sql for the given object and object.
appends the current indent level to the indent list.
adds a fake view to the view hierarchy.
compile a list of projects.
print a list of contacts to the user.
resolves the result of the promise.
adjusts the name and position for the given node.
creates a snapshot of the block.
saves the configuration properties to a file.
returns the number of characters in the given list that follow the given delimiter.
builds a uri from the components of this uri specification.
disposes all resources associated with this native render buffer and puts p_data into the buffer
writes the resource file as a kanji.
creates a new scannerexception with the given file and error message.
render the normals into a texture.
looks for all resources of a given type.
calculates the y values for each entry.
releases a ledger.
returns the size of the list.
finds a connection by the given thread id.
estimate the distribution for a given number of values.
reads a repository meta data object from an input stream.
returns true if the datatype of the specified datatype is a primitive datatype.
appends a new line to the buffer.
post processing after the auto - refresh has been done.
returns true if the set contains the given node.
this method will be used to persist new temp files.
adds the given value to the write set.
load a unit from the current space.
entry point for the worker to exit.
finishes writing compressed data to the underlying stream and then closes the underlying stream.
frees a object from the free list.
returns true if the given binding exists for the given key.
create an internal replicator for the given service.
checks to see if the given directory can be found in the index.
creates a taggedoutputstream with the given outputstream.
returns a list of messages in the order they were returned by the builder.
stores given short value.
returns a sha - 1 digest of the given bytes.
loads a fsm file from a url.
associates the specified value with the specified key in this map.
makes the object immutable.
returns the native path of the library with the given name.
removes a component listener.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns true if the given charsequence is null or 0 - length.
asserts that decodes the given buffer into the expected byte array.
returns true if the given term can be indexable.
send a response to the server.
decodes the given base64 encoded data into the original data.
waits for the shutdown signal to complete.
adds a new connection.
calculates the euclidean distance between two points.
convert a string to an int, returning defaultvalue if the string cannot be parsed into a
adds an item to the end of the chain.
updates the state view with the given number of individuals.
main loop for processing events.
returns a list of all keys in the cache directory.
instantiates a new dialogue recorder.
generate a unique future id.
reschedule missed alarms in the calendar table.
add a name to the list of names.
perform an asynchronous min operation.
convert a state to a state.
converts a date object to a string representation.
add a test to the list of tests.
swaps the specified elements of the list.
builds list of namevalue pairs for a query.
allows this closeable to be used within the closure, ensuring that it is closed.
returns true if the given string matches any of the given patterns.
adds a server to the pool.
add a leaf to the tree.
convert a stamp to a string.
set the content - length of the response header.
draw the frame to the canvas.
modify lun.
replaces all occurrences of target with replacement.
closes the directory and deletes all of its contents.
returns true if this set is similar to the given object.
track a tracker for an event of a certain type.
adds the given tuple to the tuples list, if it's not already there.
add a new item to the adapter.
search for elements that have the given name in their children of the given class.
emits a call to map.
compares this object with the specified object for equality.
returns a string representation of the user object.
parses a json string and returns a list of events.
removes the specified listener from the list of listeners.
replaces a substring in this builder with another string.
adds a permission to a directory.
run a timeout task in a separate thread.
learn an entity with the given host and port.
checks whether the given type signature is a valid type signature.
remainder of division of two numbers of different signs.
returns true if any of the children of the group are visible.
checks a number of arguments in a type snippet.
normalizes the incoming weights and normalizes the incoming weights.
saves a bitmap as a file.
checks whether the given file and method name are valid.
remove a class from the list of src classes.
updates the min / max range based on a new value.
closes the current scope by appending the given bracket to the end of the stack.
appends a byte array to the buffer.
check if there is enough space on phone.
method to handle cancel button.
adds an attribute to this text.
convert an old value to a new value based on the type of the new value.
returns a z - value representation of this object.
record a dialogue state.
return the number of utf - 8 bytes written.
create a new wpswpswpswpswpswps object.
verify that the zip file is valid.
cleans up resources associated with this pool, returning the number of connections that should be cleaned
instantiates a new state info.
compares the current object with the given object.
generate the seed bytes for the process.
checks whether we need to exclude any test classes.
decodes a hex string into a byte array.
creates user namespace authorizations from a list of user namespace authorization entities.
read the header of the stego file.
draws the text at the specified location.
compares two percent objects.
returns a clone of this node.
returns true if the point is outside the preferred size of the cell.
add a source folder to scan.
create a workflow method for suspend srdf for a given source and target volumes.
calculates the m - value of the parameter.
create a secure server socket.
encode the given bytes in base64, then print them to the stream.
deletes a vplex record corresponding to a given native id.
returns the index of the first key comment that starts with the specified key name.
returns true if the cookie is expired.
checks if add to home intent is supported.
create a new in memory entry store.
instantiates a new class annotator.
returns the next random number in the distribution.
adds the given connection to the cache.
parses a title into an array of strings.
get the selection text.
calculate the excitatory ratio of the synapse set.
called when a repository root has been removed.
inserts a new element into the priority queue.
creates a message object.
wrap a linux command into a shell command.
parse a sql query into a dmlquery object.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified element in the specified level of the tree
returns the number of attributes in this attribute set.
consume the tag name off the queue.
performs a deep sort of the tree.
removes all listeners from this object.
decrypts a hex string.
returns the logarithm of the l and r values of the array.
recursively add a set of nodes to the hull.
updates an attribute in the print service.
decodes the given base64 data to a file.
evicts objects from the idle pool.
generate a number of random individuals.
creates a new session.
metodo que carga de carga de carga.
asserts that all values in one column match the values in twos column.
appends the string representation of the char value to the string buffer.
inserts all the instructions in the given list before the given instruction.
returns a new builder instance.
returns the number of elements in the given array.
process the unprocessed event.
returns a copy of the vector with the given x [ 0 ] elements.
goto a frame.
delete the attribute value.
push an attribute set onto the current element's attrset stack.
cancels and resizes the stack that was rendered before the rendered value has been changed.
adds an unbounded range to the end of the existing ranges.
send a soap response to the servlet.
replaces all occurrences of a character in a string.
returns the next character in the input sequence.
canonicalizes a path by removing any leading " / ", " ", " ",
instantiates a new in memory message exchange store.
moves to the next record in the music playback service.
draw a bitmap with a stroke.
returns the list of devices that will be used to connect to the server.
start collecting data.
override the readobject ( ) method to throw an exception if the object cannot be deserialized.
converts pixels to meters.
add a character to the buffer.
returns the length of the vector formed by the x, y, and z values.
create a cache and return it.
creates a new attributelistpanel.
throw an exception if this class cannot be instantiated.
removes a photo from this user.
performs a binary search for the specified element in a portion of the specified sorted array.
computes the score for a given read block and a set of active matches for a given
returns an array containing all of the elements in this array in proper sequence.
add a failure to the collection of failures.
dump the state of the stack.
converts a set of categories to a set of categories.
load a listener for a given server.
uploads a file to the ftp server.
create a new sslsocket that is connected to a remote host.
format a binary node as a string.
unregisters the given mbean interface.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream, removing prior exif
sorts the values in the receiver according to the specified comparator.
returns true if this exception was caused by a disk access exception.
adds the string value to the array of values.
creates a new magic variables bundle.
creates a new video ex object.
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects.
converts a date string to a date object.
parses an xml document and returns a dom4j document.
returns the string representation of this object.
resets the count of messages to 0.
schedules a task for execution at a fixed rate.
copies the value of the realm attribute from the specified attributevalue.
copy a file from the assets folder.
tests if another object is the same as this object.
returns the next whole number up in the range [ 0, 1 ].
returns the three - way distance between the two given keys.
discards any leading and trailing whitespace.
creates a new async selector.
removes the child at the given index.
computes the differences between two texts.
paints the given painter using the given transform.
load all files in the given directory and all subdirectories.
returns true if any of the throwable objects of the given class or any of its superclasses
write a variable - length long.
updates the digest with the specified byte.
writes the elements of this list to a stream.
check if initiator is a rp or host.
returns a collection of all supported serialmessages.
read a configuration file.
if there is no field with the specified key, then associate the given value with the specified
combines the results from a multiple read into a single buffer.
returns true if the device is a oracle.
prints the oln representation of the object.
creates a new activity resolved info object.
[ < rn >, + / - < rm >, lslr # < rm
appends a newline at the end of the formals section.
returns true if the current character is a separator character.
extracts project name from the uri.
adds a reference to this object.
resets the notes 1 and 2 text fields.
add a require - property entry.
detect new hit ( x, y ) and add it to the current pattern.
constructs a head rule from the given directory and rule string.
or for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
submit a task for processing.
subtract two numbers of different scales using mathcontext.
creates an xsqlda object from a row descriptor.
writes the given value to the given vector starting at the given offset.
checks if the given string is empty.
add a scroll view listener.
returns a callbacks object or null if not found.
this method is called when the memory used has been changed.
translates a 2d point using the current 2d scale.
update the traffic projections.
logs a stack trace at the specified level and the specified exception.
reads a character from the input stream and returns it as an integer in the branch.
decodes a 16 - bit bcd value into its hexadecimal representation.
draws the background of the window.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
add a layout editor to the list of panels.
triggers the given collection of files, applying the given wildcard context.
create a new host ip interface.
collects the proposal of the currently selected view.
creates a new extensionquery.
ensures that the namespace of the given result does not already exist.
creates a map from the given map.
tests whether the classifier is correctly filtered.
upper case the first character of a given string.
choose a random index based on the proportion distribution.
check the width of the rectangle.
group the given list of components into sibling lists.
count the number of non - newline characters in a string.
convert row indexes in a sparse grid into the row index span.
tests another object for equality with this object.
description of the object.
adds a signer role to the set of claimed signer roles.
serializes a map to an output stream.
sleeps the specified number of milliseconds, in the specified number of milliseconds.
restores the previous output and error stream to the current system.
crt ( list < biginteger >, list < biginteger >, list < big
determines the height of this view.
puts a byte array into the byte vector.
wait for task completion.
create an action with the specified content and priority.
finds all the surrounding islands.
4b windowid | 3b operatorid | 3b tupleid | 3b tuple
calculates the gap for a and b.
moves the current tile position to the next available tile.
returns true if this model has myomeruelster, false otherwise.
check if an intent is available.
x. net. ssl. sslengine # wrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs
send connect request to the server.
returns true if the certificate is self - signed.
this method calls proc insertusers and adds a record in the database.
returns the nearest neighbours within the given distance.
instantiates a der3d date.
adds a new category to the dataset.
resets the used parameters to 0.
merges the intervals in a list of intervals.
format the given object type.
returns the sha1 hash of the given file.
pan the specified range of points on the domain axis of the specified plot.
initializes all controllers. this method is called when all views are added to the view hierarchy.
creates and returns a new icon label for the given check box.
close the frame.
deletes an entry from the keystore.
constructs a disjoint set with the given number of elements.
prints the clusters to the specified print writer.
add a command to a gui.
removes the value at the specified index from the array.
creates a new tokenstream wrapping the given field and content, splitting on the given splitchar
checks to see if a trace line of p_shape is under p_max recursion depth
deletes the given file or folder.
expand an array to be exactly the desired size.
encodes a given number of bits into an integer.
skip n bytes. this method will block until some bytes are available, an i / o
creates the lock file.
handles edit ds request.
returns the value associated with the specified key or null if no such value is associated.
called when a player has successfully loaded the player.
get the quick reply from the quick messages popup window.
writes an array of bytes to the file at the specified offset.
returns true if the identity hash has changed.
adds all views in the given root view group to the queue of children of this view group
binds a list of addresses to the server.
substitute the header of a callback for a specific state.
creates a new service for the given timetable.
removes an item from the list.
creates a new t allowed users instance.
finds the distributed device with the given name.
reads a copystate from an input stream.
notifies all tasks that are currently in progress.
constructs a new requestparams instance.
prompt the user to confirm an overwrite of a file.
instantiates a new tv show update datasource task.
find the first line that starts at the given offset.
removes all of the elements from the selection set.
creates a new instance of an array of the given component type and length.
load a file and its include paths recursively.
assure that the proxy is ok.
adds a message to the message set.
constructs a key from the given bytes.
concatenates an array of integers into a single int array.
compare the tags of a way with expected flags and if they match, throw an exception.
reads a byte of data from the underlying input stream and returns it as an array of bytes
returns the chunk size.
returns the tip text for this property.
joins an array of ids with an alias.
close the current file.
show interface of the device.
clear the data lists of the obd service.
create a quad edge from a vertex o and a vertex d.
sorts a list of seqs in ascending natural order.
associate the given value with the specified key.
lists all files in subdirectory subdirectory subdirectory subdirectory of directory directory directory directory directory which match file kinds
return a path for an edge of a given width and height.
dispose of object, releasing resources.
tests a set of methods to call in a scenario.
creates the reserve disk cache directory.
returns true if this resource manager has been called for the given resource name.
calls the super method and reads the leaf and num entries from the specified input stream.
creates a new, empty map.
returns a criteria that is the logical or of this criteria and the given criteria.
creates a new failover connection pool.
creates a new format object.
invoke the init cause method if it exists.
constructs a messagepropertykey object.
adds a waiter node to the tail of the queue.
asserts that the given sorted set is bounded.
paint the border of a component.
restores the given check point from the given byte stream.
reads a class file from an input stream.
returns true if the given callerinfo is supported by the callerinfo service.
creates a new debugger template.
convert a chart to a screen shape.
add a window to the set of windows that should be automatically closed when shut down.
instantiates a new performance logger.
authenticates a list of discoveries against the oauth2 server.
constructs a hash from a hex string.
returns the largest common prefix and suffix of two strings.
checks if a string is a numerical run.
returns the type of the uri.
add glue to a jlist.
returns true if the given string is a resource reference.
leave the barrier and delete all its children.
returns an enumeration describing the members of this principal.
adds a property value expression to the select clause and the provided as name.
adds an interface to the class.
cuts a string from the first index of a substring.
perform a http get request from a registry server.
iterator should return queue in proper sequence.
initialize the object with the current authenticated user.
invokes the " finalize " method of the given object.
removes the tv show.
check whether compliance is enabled or disabled.
returns true if the given object is assignable from the given class, false otherwise.
inserts the specified object at the specified location in this list.
calculate cache response age.
returns the index of an element in an array.
invalidates all switch points.
convert a properties object to a vdc config object.
creates a new osx object with the given proxy signature, target object, and method handler
returns the prediction for the given instance.
override finish ( ) to provide your own implementation of finish ( ).
returns true if the given attachment point is valid.
fire a cluster change event to all registered listeners.
creates a new batchedimage request.
returns the rgb value for the pixel.
checks to see if the given number of carry is greater than the given number of car
adds the given component to the bottom of the content panel.
deletes all files in the specified directory.
creates a temporary directory.
emit a initialization section.
read cookie name from header, but ignore special characters ( \ r, \ n, \
merges this instance with the given result.
translates a string into a byte array.
creates a bytebuffer of the preview size.
adds the box b at the given position.
creates a new position at the given offset.
returns a string with the given number of characters padded with the given padding.
resets the dtx transform.
add an activity listener.
add muted username to database.
parses a networkresponse and returns a bitmap or null if the response is not valid.
applies the orientation of this component to the given orientation.
returns whether the list is empty.
closes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
creates a new instance of adapter for a list of items.
fill the specified byte array with random bytes.
draws a triangle to indicate the presence of far - out values.
returns true if this is a library class.
applies the given query to the given list of namedobjects and returns the set of objectnames
check if we've crossed a slop around a child view.
create dom element to represent an end point.
returns a string representation of this object.
test where each operation locks only one resource.
receive notification of the beginning of an element.
returns a copy of the input buffer as a byte array.
convert a string value to a calendar using the specified pattern.
converts a bitmap to a byte array.
save a template to a file.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
add a transform tree node to the composite tree.
post processing of the fields from the hexset.
expands a two - digit string into the wordrelation.
returns the index within the stringbuffer of the first occurrence of the specified character.
creates a new diagnostic formatter.
returns true if the frontier is empty.
checks if is enabled.
computes the variance of an array.
gets user by id and stores it in requestandresponse.
send a list of locations.
serialize a text node.
returns true if the visual is inside soft wrap, false otherwise.
returns true if the world is valid.
removes all of the items from the receiver.
get the next parse position.
increases the current row count by the given number of rows.
flushes the buffer at the given offset.
generates a label for a section.
remove a graph listener.
called by the game loop when the game is fade in.
execute a command in a separate platform process.
increments the counter by the specified offset.
creates a service configuration instance by reading the properties from the specified input stream.
splits the given sentence into a list of words.
returns true if any of the actions in the list are failed.
add a key - value pair to the dictionary.
returns a deep copy of the given int array.
checks whether the given identifier is a valid tag.
wait for a message to arrive.
constructs a date from a string representation.
copies all the files in the specified directory to the specified destination.
instantiates a new map object.
reads a number of bytes from the input stream and returns them as an array of bytes.
encodes a string using the default character set.
tests comparison of different number of attributes.
creates a new in space predicate.
deletes a file or directory.
creates statements for each of the given sortkeys.
converts an of instance into a string.
prints all magnapsees to system. out.
creates a new zookeeper client and starts it.
add a description string to the tool tip.
reads characters until the end character is encountered.
converts a css attribute set to a css attribute set.
closes the underlying input stream and releases any system resources associated with it.
updates the total amount of this amount based on the current value of the total amount field.
tests creation of unique attributes.
evaluate the xpath expression.
read a dex file as a byte array.
add a new animator update listener.
run a method on the twitch api of the twitch api.
add a list of nodes and their children to the tree.
generates the code that generates the while - statement.
gamma function, static version.
initialize the list of active slots.
converts an raml action type to an intent type.
returns the hidden key of the given key.
removes the callback token associated with the given data and returns it.
checks if is explicit all type.
read until one of the delimiter characters is found in the text.
creates a new configuration object.
returns true if this node is a leaf node.
checks whether any of the characters in the given text are valid.
interrupts the specified thread.
writeobject is called to save the state of this object to a stream.
convenience method that creates a border layout container and places a given component in it.
putall ( ) method testing.
load a layout from a file.
adds a tracker for the given file.
converts all separators to the unix separator of the given path.
returns true iff there is a parameter with the given name.
free memory for a given window.
returns true if the given identifier is a sq keyword.
sorts the specified list according to the specified comparator.
writes a commit record to the journal.
returns true if task name should be appended.
converts a string to a byte array.
make a random cache entry.
find the maximum of all elements in the array, ignoring elements that are nan.
returns true if the line starts at the start of an element.
reads a long value from the input stream.
removes the instance at the specified index from this set.
extracts the access key from the given uri.
performs one transaction operation.
helper method to add a boolean value to a to string.
copies the elements of the given array, starting at the given index, to the given destination
create a new site monitor.
computes the union of the two given ip ranges.
get a vertex by id.
atomically adds the current value to the given value.
starts a mon with the specified label.
returns the norm of the vectors.
calculates the confidence intervall of the missing values in the missing values in the missing values
writes an entry to the output stream.
creates a new instance.
read a label file, separated by the given separator.
returns a copy of this set with the given converter removed.
parses the xml document from the configured source object list.
truncate a map of messageuid - > list of maildirmessagename.
dump the spatial index records to a file.
compares the type of the reflection method call parameter with the type of the reflection method call parameter
fill an array with a random number.
escape special characters in the given text to make it json - compatible.
write the contents of this stream to the specified output stream.
checks the headings hierarchy of the set of elements.
returns an iterator over the elements in the set.
invoked when a mouse wheel is moved.
check if given function matches given inputs.
returns true if this imf is equivalent to the given other.
loads workspace screen ids from database.
renders the given node in the given writer.
format a string using the current parser.
multiply a matrix by another matrix scale.
change the state of the object.
returns a buffer that is the union of the segments of the given geometry with the given distance
record the end time of the request.
checks if user is accessible to kibana.
removes all of the elements from the list.
returns the index of the first primitive type in the list of primitive types of the given type
load xml configuration from a file.
returns a string representation of the object's parameter.
calculates the positions of the positions of the positions of the positions of the positions of the text
flushes the journal file.
returns a new shared array with the same names as the given shared array.
adds a request property.
updates the member's client address and time.
is org level only.
returns a runnable object that can be used to decrement the count of running tasks.
fired when an action occurs.
serialize an object to a byte array.
resolve a module name from a module name.
add a certificate store to the list of cert stores.
instantiates a new nar class loader.
returns the block of the document, or null if no block is defined.
substitutes the given type bindings with the given type bindings.
check if the last point is scrolling.
tests whether a single filter is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains the same filter.
creates a new edge.
generates the instruction to push the top value on the stack.
creates a new extended text source label.
pads the string at the right with a character until it reaches the desired length.
returns true if this provider supports the specified feature.
atomically removes all of the elements from this queue.
read a set of quoted attributes.
returns a textual representation of the classifier.
subtract two positive numbers of different length.
assigns an id value to a field.
writes an integer to an outputstream in big - endian byte order.
returns true if the session is open.
perform a list search.
converts soap element to string.
close the underlying output stream and delete the lock file.
initialize the camera manager with the given context.
check if two objects are equal.
writes a boolean to the target stream.
trains a set of text files.
test de busqueda open ldap con a.
creates a new printf format with the default locale.
returns the pythag of two values.
writes a 32 - bit integer to the given output stream.
queue a cube for load.
checks if object is available now.
invoked when a button has been clicked.
returns the largest available message id.
remove a change listener.
get dump of the current request log.
url decodes the given string.
test meta data functions that return tables.
adds the specified collection at the end of the array.
resets the current file list for a given log file name.
initialize the compose state.
creates a list of tool bars for the given application.
parses a date value.
constructs a new regular expression filter.
execute a sql statement and return the result set.
writes a buffer to the output stream and increments the number of bytes written by the number of
url encode a string.
returns a currency object by the given symbol.
parse a float value from a string.
returns a new instance of the given content interface.
request the password for share via a link.
force out of memory.
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache.
scaled the enlargement of an object by the given scale.
intersect this clip with another region.
returns true if the object can be cast as an int.
adds a condition waiter.
removes all the elements from the set.
returns a string that is a list of all code - units in the given code - zone
asserts that two strings are equal.
print a warning message and a stack trace.
returns the full form of the given low / plural prefix.
clears the password expiration warned time.
strips out the language from the given locale.
appends the time zone to the given string buffer.
removes the listeners from the current object.
returns a copy of the given string padded on the left to the given length.
show or hide the scores of the score bar.
writes the given charsequence to the given file, append or replace depending on the append flag
kernel ( n, s, t, n, s, t, n, t )
open a h2 database connection.
emits a clear field.
start recoarding the entity.
add input method listener.
adds a fixed view to appear at the top of the list.
loads the user's class from the given url.
add a document to the index.
adds a command class to the internal map.
writes the auto increment statements for a column.
create a gcm pusher for the pusher.
write the block light to the output stream.
executes the search and returns the result as a string.
returns the next token that matches the given pattern.
adds a new duration to the call.
paint the background of a solid shape.
adds the default values for an attribute to a service schema.
encode the product into a space separated list of tokens.
returns true if the metadata has been modified since the last publication.
adds a list of resource dirs.
creates a new class node from the given class node.
push an import url onto the import stack.
converts a map of string to a message.
sorts the test tree.
returns a new array containing the elements of the specified array plus the elements of the specified collection
add a marker to the list of markers.
replaces a with b in c.
reflect the final member variables in the final button.
wsptypedecoder test, no appid.
removes all actions from the list.
checks if the given file can be written.
creates a new instance of this class.
validates that the itemid is correct.
rotates the vector counter - clockwise by the angle ( in degrees ).
starts a factory for the given service instance.
wake up a connection for an out of the available space.
returns the number of columns where the given character should be inserted into the table.
creates a new optional with the given value.
creates a new kafka message listener container.
deletes the entry identified by the given alias from this keystore.
get the string corresponding to the given group.
translates this line by p_vector, and then returns the new line.
rejects the execution of the specified command.
calculates the margin of the menu.
add a new ram to the list of pending rams.
converts an array of resource ids to a list of resource ids.
test config file property.
return salt as a byte array.
add a projector listener.
select the next tuple expr from a list of expressions.
writes a number in bcd format to an output stream.
add a message to the history.
start the executor with the given container.
convert a string to a date.
accept the browser info and visit each of the entries in the log.
loads the latest version of all extensions from the registry.
receive notification of the beginning of a node.
clearbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
compare to a number of an greater scale.
reads a single character.
cancels the auto - completion action.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
sets the proxy host name.
verify that the setter methods are correctly declared.
removes the element at the front of the queue.
get a random, positive float.
resets the text box indexes to the ones that we don't care about.
learn a device by creating a new entity.
returns a copy of the data at level zero.
returns the version of the ssh device.
count how many times a character occurs in a string.
add a color to an icon.
reads all data from the given input stream and returns it as a byte array.
performs a search for the given target string starting at the given index.
validates that all cfgs have the correct rebalance order.
execute the player's loop.
removes the specified environment variable.
calculate the score threshold and return the max num.
get the current element at the top of the stack.
. sql. is signed ( int ) method testing.
returns the index of the last occurrence of the given filename's last occurrence of the given
check if a point is within a view.
unrolls the bounds of the given map of type arguments and returns the result as an
delete quota by id.
creates a map of http basic authentication header values.
adds a new extent entry.
checks to see if the object was cached for the given network.
read the xml from the given file.
returns true if all granted permissions have been granted.
executes the specified event on the underlying executor.
send the next message over the network.
adds the given field to the list of field to use as attribute.
returns true if the given token is a session token.
returns the root mean squared error.
write the current row / cell blocks to the given byte buffer.
create map of accountdetailmap.
rotates the right hand side of a subtree.
updates the radio links when the user selects advance_data_first.
updates the statistics with the specified value.
the graphical representation of a series.
checks a class signature.
selects a cardlet by its application id and suffix.
adds a new root entry to this project.
create a source from a url.
tests whether a single servlet is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains another servlet.
returns the union of the elements of this union r and the elements of this union r.
ensure that all finalizers are run when the application exits.
add a search result to the search results.
register a batch fix.
creates the directory and jar file for the given entry.
runs the test case.
the start of the document.
dumps the window hierarchy.
register a rule changes observer.
send all registered heartbeats to the heartbeat service.
serialize a message to an outputstream.
initializes the sslengine instance based on the properties passed in.
creates a new get buffered random access source.
create a new argparser.
setbit ( int n ) the zero bit set.
save the given model with the given header to the given file.
sorts the spans in this span, collapses the span, and collapses the
splits the dbids between begin and end index.
returns a path that starts with the given prefix.
publish a message to a topic.
removes an item from the list of children.
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by
compares two strings and returns true if they are equal.
set the forceauth parameter.
fetch a user from the server.
stops the event dispatching thread.
push a message to the server asynchronously.
write data to characteristic.
returns a link to the given proto element.
reads a file and transforms it into an array list.
removes the specified element from the set of elements.
send an array of bytes to the network and close the connection.
sorts the broker items according to the sort type.
returns true if the entity need to be escaped in xml.
updates the path constraints for the given chromosome.
test of a journal one index has no data.
returns true if the given class loader is a grid deployment info class loader.
removes the sub trailers of the decoded subject.
returns true if there are more source bytes to read, false if there are no more source
convert a bitmap to a byte array.
decodes the given name into its original form, using the g prefix.
adds a warning handler to the priority list.
prints a string to the stream, encoded as utf - 8.
writes an attribute value.
convert a set of attributes to a syntax descriptor.
writes a buffer to the socket.
skips a member value at the current position in the byte buffer.
recursive method for creating nested rows.
generates the minimal matrix config file.
gets a request from the queue and returns it as a recorded request.
converts a location in the jlist to a column.
returns a list of files in the given directory that match the given filter.
generates the drop statement for the given table.
register all the child property change listeners.
is scroll out of bounds?.
reduces a list of instructions to a list of instructions.
returns true if the node is locked locally, false otherwise.
try to move the current position.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
delete the left word.
cdf of gev distribution.
reads in continuous data from the given file.
generates the native guid format for storage port from source instance system name and port network id.
returns true if all paths in the array are contiguous.
creates a new faststringreader.
add a field to the query.
returns a string representation of the current date and time in the given format.
initialize the stream buffer size.
register a sensor with the given index.
returns the supplied value as a number using the supplied default value provider if the value is not
return the probe's next sample.
applies the given replacement to the given contents.
creates a key object.
returns a string representation of the relation.
generate the templates from the given list of packages.
checks whether this object's expiration is within the given direction.
parses the given path and updates the path object.
record a variable in the table.
read a key and verify the signature of the file.
returns true if the media type is supported by this server.
exports all dependencies of the given jcas object.
removes the capture portion of a signature.
check if network is available.
returns a random regexpish string.
creates a list of expected partition value entities.
returns a string representation of the receiver.
registers a low memory watcher with the given runnable.
write the message to the dout.
extract hard reference from soft reference.
formats a number as a long string.
removes the given addon from the set of contributed components.
copies the given page id to the given output stream.
write part of an array of bytes.
asserts that the backup status is valid.
handle request for a metadata error.
checks that the current state is one of the given states.
sorts the movie list according to the movie set comparator.
creates a new key value list parser.
poll the destination for stats messages.
make a file acceptable by the user.
returns true if the boundary of the cell intersects the boundary of the cell.
updates the overlay contents for the given lookat and camera.
get the name of the type that represents the given type.
creates a state machine.
removes all listeners from this object and all attributes.
restores the default serializable field values for this object.
return a right - pointing triangle of the given dimenisions.
find a terminal by it's name.
create a new layout block.
modifies the display background of a nonstatic property.
escapes the given regular expression so that it is equivalent to this regular expression.
creates a char buffer with the given string.
updates the ui state for the promo.
create a value geometry from a byte array.
flushes all heap points and creates a new heap map.
returns true if the given library name and version exist.
this method is called after each operation to finish.
shows a gui with the user's message and an image.
this method is called when the object is finalized.
gets the path.
lays out the baseline of the layout.
reads the int value from the json array for specified index.
add a propertychangelistener to the pc.
removes the given dependent from the list of dependents.
validates a storage policy selection.
return a description of the tree.
converts a collection to an array of the given component type.
returns an exception for the given formatter and problem files.
labels the distances between the given root and the given graph.
returns the current position in the buffer.
adds a new frequency to the frequency list.
parses an xml header element with the given parser.
slice an interval into a list of intervals.
determine if the expression consists of gerund.
reports an error while processing an xml document.
creates a jsonobject that can be used to post a request to a server.
runs the test case.
download all the tlog files.
read file attributes from a given file handle.
adds all of the participants to replay completion.
create a checkbox from a list of buttons.
assign probabilities to instances.
converts the given uri to its string representation.
creates a new kernel with the given values at the given offset.
initialize the work list.
this method is called before the model has been loaded.
add a file to the command.
called when the tree has been expanded.
returns true if the specified object is in the source list.
check if two version numbers are equal.
callback invoked when a urlconnection has failed to be closed.
recursively go through all the elements in the given schema complex type and add them to the given
push a ref of the annotators to the top of the stack.
gets the version of the version of the directory server.
sequences a query. if the sequence number is greater than the current command sequence number, index
expunge stale entries from the table.
returns a list containing the rest of the elements of the given list.
creates ranges from the given ranges.
close all windows.
called by the mapbean when it has been added to the map.
recalculates the estimated completion date for a given priority.
add a document type to the list of document types.
checks to see if a table exists in the database.
runs the test case.
returns the position of the next token after the specified spec, or null if none.
performs any pending work on the given g gl object.
computes the hpd for the given x and indices.
checks the given directories to see if they exist.
add a port to the list of already allocated engines.
convert the bytes to a utf - 8 string.
writes a list of longs to the given stream.
returns true if attrname is defined.
shows the preloading stage.
removes all of the elements from this deque.
removes the mapping for the specified key from this map if it is present.
test copy of stream with full block.
runs the test case.
converts an ip address in a byte array.
sends the given message to the remote server.
adds the required headers to the http request.
adds a listener to receive events when the hex edit control has long selection.
prints the current line to the output stream and then terminates the line.
returns a string representation of the capabilities map.
create a debug client object with client id and comms.
alter the case of the given string.
returns true if ack required.
returns a string representation of this vector.
add a reporter icon.
draws the selection rectangle.
creates a new conversionexception with the specified root cause.
checks to see if the initiator has any connectivity to all storage systems in the export group.
construct a new derivation from the given set of derivation nodes.
plus ( mathcontext ) for a positive bigdecimal.
test negative number of radix 2.
converts an or ast into a tree.
display the given panel in the window, with the given title.
create a jsonreader that can be used to parse json data from the given reader.
compress the data in binary stdoutput.
sets a custom tokenizer.
computes the azimuth label offset.
adds a resource to a list of resource bundles.
executes the display changed event on the edt.
extract all methods from a class.
update the server address.
removes the item at the specified position from the list.
choose one random enemys.
checks if the route to destination is valid.
sorts the pools according to their average port metrics.
add a collection of overlays to the group.
creates a resource object for the given path.
checks if the current jvm is older than leopard.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
escape special xml characters in a string.
feed forward a sequence of activations and derivatives.
finds the file with the given name in the given directory.
compares the results of a solr client to a solrcloud client.
returns a list of values from the elements in the xml document that match the xpath expression
create a context from the current gl context.
collapses all rows of the tree.
queue a player for cape replacement.
removes a vetoable change listener from this object.
creates a new stream throughput with the given status message prefix.
parse the given command line arguments.
this method is used to edit a bookmark.
convert from utf - 32 to string.
creates a new bounds for all of the elements in the selection set.
record a number of white characters in a row starting at a given offset.
finds a method with a list of list of arguments.
returns the first character in the source that is not legal.
decodes a byte buffer and returns the decoded result.
check if a new fast clock minute was requested.
adds a point to the respawn list.
load org access role.
parses a byte array as a source.
generates a certificate from an inputstream.
converts an object to a pretty - printed string.
generates the last 2 months where the last one is the month of the year.
returns the counter associated with the given key or creates a new one if it does not exist
adds a message to a uri using the given settings.
runs the test case.
sets the mode of the engine.
expunge stale entries from the list.
run the findbugs analysis on the given resource.
support for reporting changes for constrained object properties.
this method is called when a full backup is triggered.
remove the connection list for a tab.
paint a range of rings.
converts all separators to the windows separator of the given path.
translates the input and appends it to the output.
returns a trie that contains the rows of the given trie plus the rows of the given trie
install the after handler.
try to close the connection if it's not already closed.
creates a new storage entity.
display an info line.
writes a formatted string to the console.
verify signer ( string name, string identityscope ) method testing.
invokes a static method.
creates a new instance with the given pattern, case - sensitive and confidence.
removes the loop begin node from the graph.
binds the item to the data bound to the given position in the list of payloads.
add two positive numbers of the same length.
adds a new entry to the bloom filter.
returns a date instance that is exactly numdays days before the given date instance.
returns the number of bytes that can be read.
calls the super method and writes the conservative approximation of the knn distances of
put the given object into the heap and return the new offset.
paints the grid on the specified graphics object.
adds a label and a field to the panel.
called when a track point starts.
combines a list of byte arrays into a single array.
commit a set of resources.
checks if the grid can spawn the worker.
compares the encrypted string of this id with the encrypted string of the given object.
returns true if the player ident and offline player ident are the same.
adds a lenient attribute to the existing set of names and values.
returns a string representation of the dataset without the header.
returns true if the given value is always non - null.
removes the item at the given position from the list.
creates an object with the given name.
returns true if this gesture has been consumed.
initialize a list of neuron nodes with the given neuron type.
computes the angle between a coordinate and another.
fire an event indicating that a neuron has been moved.
creates a certificate from a byte array.
handles a change in the selection string.
parse the terms ack parser.
formats the given string with the given parameters.
sets the server. the server will be prefixed with " http : / " or " http
executes a count query.
derive confidence value for a given base count.
adds a parameter to this method.
create a byte array from an inputstream.
returns an object representing the type of the specified value, matching the specified pattern and locale.
adds a new limit line to the list of limit lines.
readdata - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
reads the number of bytes that can be read from the input buffer.
inflate the given number of bytes from the given array and store them in the given array.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this queue, in proper sequence.
draws a list of legends.
fetches the metadata of the table.
encode the object into a base64 string.
reads bytes from the underlying input stream and returns the number of bytes written.
flushes the log records to disk.
creates buttons for creating pages.
and for two positive numbers ; the first is longer.
creates a new workflow flow for the initiators of the exportmask.
compares two percent objects.
returns the uri of the edge represented by the given key.
read a 16 - bit short.
loads a list of projects from the database.
given a phone string, returns a syllabify version of it.
removes the node from the frontier and updates the explored state.
returns true if the given path is a file.
returns true if the object is the same as this object instance.
create a zookeeper embedded at the given port.
constructs a basiccondition with a variable and value and relation.
reads a list of stopwords from a file.
returns a string representation of the object.
break the barrier, and signal all waiting threads to complete.
filter out a set of points.
send a log message over udp.
writes the stack trace of the given throwable to the given stream.
creates a new instance of distributed log multistreamwriter.
converts a number to a json string.
create an imageelement from adid.
creates a new register object from the given thread registers.
sets the configuration parameters for the launcher discovery request.
returns true if this menu item has been triggered.
appends all of the elements in the specified array to the end of this list, starting at
calculates the score based on the play counts.
remove a scanning callback.
paint the back image at the specified location.
return the probe's next sample.
returns true if the specified row is a page break.
shuts down the thread pool.
returns true if the given character is a proposition symbol.
prints a matrix in default e format.
returns the index of the first occurrrence of the pattern string in the text string
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
returns a string containing the characters corresponding to the specified indices.
truncates the given string to the given length.
removes transactions from the queue.
loads the groovy script for the given player.
this method is used to clean the dirty region based on the current state of the dirty region
creates a new sort object.
returns true if the operation was successful.
start locating phone.
deletes a resource configuration.
create a new bus movement.
removes the next entry in the list.
creates the gui of the tabbed pane.
generates a random float between given limits.
creates an instance. <! - - begin - user - doc - - > <!
add a tracer to the set of tracers.
increases the size of the array to ensure that it can hold all the elements.
sets the value of this entity to the given value.
tests various events on the empty region.
creates a new graph.
trims the api version from a string.
queries the inventory that contains the given details and returns the matching inventory.
this method is called when an object is incoming from an incoming source.
reads the given file and converts it to a string using the given encoding.
constructs a new embayes im editor from a bayes im wrapper.
saves the data to disk.
flatten a map into an xmlserializer.
returns true if the given key should be retrieved.
generates a random challenge token for a given socket address.
iterates over the basic blocks of this class and executes the instructions in this class.
attempts a number of times to run the given task with the specified number of retries.
pack the list and return it as an array.
removes an interrupt request from the interrupt request queue.
callback invoked when update has failed.
inflate a drawable by id.
returns the object field offset.
add an string at the given coordinates.
writes an array of bytes to the file at the specified offset.
concatenates the iv and the cipher text.
convert a timestamp in milliseconds to a long value.
instantiates a new material package.
finds an edge in the graph that is in the same direction ( p0, p1
acquire the probabilities for a given string.
post a resolved issue to the event bus.
decodes a base64 string into its original bytes.
test if a connection can be obtained from the database.
aggregate function for byte arrays.
returns true if the named entity is unparsed.
flushes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
url encode the given text.
overridden so we can hide popup if it's not lost.
adds a new request property.
executes the given task in the current thread.
serialize an object into a byte buffer.
loads all submissions from the user directory.
returns true or false depending on the given bit value.
go to the next record in the file.
computes the compensated component of a and b.
writes the contents of this byte stream to the specified output stream.
removes the given listener from the list of listeners who will be notified when the tree changes.
constructs a uri from a string.
add a view to the stream.
reads a record from the given recorder and returns its status.
this method will be called when the object is about to be reused.
returns a hash code for the given object.
add a parse template to the list of parse templates.
attach an image to the user's camera.
returns the minimum of two values, ignoring any nan values.
pre - register the object name.
returns the first occurrrence of the given pattern, or throws an exception if no
returns the source form for the initializer of the given annotationvalue.
creates a new bytebuffer with the specified capacity.
adds the given value to the end of the list.
validates that the collection attribute is valid.
put a string without a null value.
an external entity declaration.
set the alpha value.
creates a class descriptor from a field signature string.
this method validates a service ticketresponse object, raising an exception if the response reflects
schedules a task for execution after a specific delay.
draws a filled ellipse with the given sem - major and sem - minor axis.
swaps the current cursor with the given cursor and returns the new swap.
locks the flushing lock.
returns true if the given class can be randomized.
generates a native guid for the given device type and serial number.
creates a secretkey from a string representation.
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster.
sorts all children of a parent node.
returns a random integer from a poisson distribution with mean & lambda ;.
returns true if the specified sound is available.
returns an iterator over the serializers supported by this serializer.
verify the given string is a valid object name.
returns true if the server is shutdown.
override this to change the initialisation of the class.
draw arc to canvas.
formats a date and time in the specified time zone.
decodes a byte array.
creates a message digest with the specified algorithm.
merge an array of integers into a sorted array of integers in ascending numerical order.
copy a list of access control levels to a list of access control levels.
add a byte of content length to the buffer.
handle a response from an avs request.
requests a stream for a follower.
removes a view from the list of hidden views.
consume the next css identifier off the queue.
populatefunctionalitytest # test_data ( int, int, int ) method testing.
serialize the dom tree using the serializer.
this method is called when an exception occurs during rollback.
parses a string representation of the x - grav, y - grav, and x
write a buffer to aionserver packet.
returns the index within this vector of the last occurrence of the specified element in the specified location
returns true if the user can undo any action.
calculates the source image destination for a given compilation unit, and if the source image destination is
this method is called when a project event is triggered.
called when a mouse button is clicked.
update the ids of the visible tab.
walkgraph : walkgraph : walkgraph, walkgraph, walkgraph, walkgraph,
show the previous notification.
calls the super method and writes the leaf node and its number of entries.
adds an input node to the list of input nodes.
initializes the connection to the database.
register an object read.
adds an extension header.
merge this frame with another frame.
main entry point for the tool.
perform a smooth snap to a given position.
update property to value 2.
removes a set of service names from a membership.
expands the given cluster to the given number of points.
getfloatarrayelements : get all the elements of a float array.
prepares a set of transfer buffers for use in transferring data from the device.
output a number of full lines.
add a new payment to system.
register all namespaces that are unregistered.
removes all objects from the list.
deletes the display name of a existing user.
creates a new type from the given ast and variable declaration.
closes the directory and deletes all of its contents.
wait until the given number of iterators have been cleared.
add a lifecycle listener to be notified of lifecycle events.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified full path.
destroys the volume.
compute a stack spline around a given path.
validates the configuration of a setting when it has been configured for a given app.
returns the number of bytes that should be written to the stream.
generates a name for the zoneset that should be cloned.
writes the signature block to the output stream.
builds the select query.
show the progress bar with the given animation.
returns true if the key ends with a uri.
receives a number of bytes from the socket.
add a channel handler to the set of connected channels.
send a byte array to the socket.
creates a copy of the specified collection and copies all elements of it.
reads the contents of an httpentity and returns them as a byte array.
adds a tail argument.
creates a new uri with the given namespace.
calculates the row of the krigingpoint matrix.
deserializes an object from a file.
returns true if the given segment name is merged with the current segment name.
creates a random cipher parameters from a pbe - encoded pbe key specification.
add emojicon group to tab bar.
updates the sample count and start time.
returns true if the path should be included.
generate a list of units that match the given filter.
returns an automaton that computes the concatenation of the given automata.
invoked when the contents of the list changes.
creates an array of integers representing values for h_values, splits, and partitions.
reads the property from a safe serialization format.
x. net. ssl. sslengine # sslsocket ( inetaddress inetaddress inet
converts a user input into a path.
returns the stamp bits for a resize operation.
read a single byte.
expand a key to a valid hkdf.
checks if the given emote should be ignored.
returns true if the specified property is allowed by this user.
read an xml file.
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero bytes.
accept a file descriptor.
transcode the xml file to a transcoder.
report progress to user.
returns a new dom4j document.
set the sas core's grain's samples.
handles add request handler request.
draws one data point at a given location.
helper function to send a chunk of a set to a procedure and return the last chunk.
parses the meta data and returns the selected columns.
finds a field that is accessible from a given name in the class inheritance hierarchy of the given
create an sslsession from a byte array.
adds the dump file to the config.
creates a date using the ordinal date format.
returns true if the specified page number is in the range [ 0, 1 ].
dispose of object, releasing resources.
converts a collection of dimensionalitemobject to a typed list.
returns the set of aliases that should be listed in the index template.
adds a new table to the system catalog.
removes a listener from the configuration.
collects all views that are in thescrapviews array into thescrapviews list
this method is called when the window is open.
schedules the specified task for execution on the specified loader.
computes the two - dimensional hash codes for a given pair of objects.
parses a vector from a comma - separated string.
returns a string describing this object.
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by
called when a bean is added to the beancontext, and when a bean is added to
decode an xml document to a data source.
returns the next character in the document.
adjusts the row and column widths of the given table according to the current row and column
get a list of uris from a list of uris.
parses a format string.
updates the index remove / up / down buttons depending on the current selection state.
get the url of a poi.
wait for decoding to finish.
converts the given content in wiki format to plain text.
updates the digest using the specified bytes.
create the packed parameters for a glyphlist.
execute a sql update.
returns true if the lock subject is set.
returns a hash code for this object.
adds an action to the quick action view.
display the specified help file.
stores a location in the shared preference store.
returns the best one.
tests whether the specified object is equal to this list.
convert a jsonarray row to a string.
remove a table from the database.
returns true if the given category is a hidden bug category.
determines if a volume is a full copy source.
tests another object for equality with expected object.
check whether user login is allowed or not.
tests quorum succeed callback result.
called after explanation has been created.
pause the thread for the given duration.
prints a string followed by a newline.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
reads a single character.
callnonvirtualbooleanmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a boolean value.
returns true if any of the variables in the pb are contained in any of the variables in
creates a new project importer.
tests sorting of doubles.
returns true if the given class is registered.
returns the class with the given name.
waits for all operations to complete.
tests whether all components of a given geometry are contained in the target geometry.
helper method to process the given post and return the corresponding json object.
creates a new endpoint with the specified security modes.
parse a single value, returning null if parsing fails.
creates a new, empty time series collection with the default time zone.
creates a list of the given elements.
allocates a new array of the specified size.
adds an attribute to the current element of the dom document.
this method calls proc createdirectory and creates a directory.
fill an ellipse array with the given values.
zooms the range of the domain axes.
refresh the challenge counts for the due challenge.
creates a new identity function with the given dim.
convert a buffered image to a swt image.
returns true if a null strength policy is available, false otherwise.
( since linux 3.
adds a layout that contains the information for each column in this table.
fill a string buffer with the stack trace elements.
determines whether the specified file type is supported by any of the midi file writers currently open
makes the object immutable.
returns a uniform random number between 0 and 1.
create amds instance with default values.
compare and increment the worker count.
make items based on their position.
returns true if the given path is a windows path.
process a character value.
creates a child element with the given name and appends it to the element child node list.
checks if segment is balanced.
parse an attribute list.
read a byte array from a source file.
test encode / decode methods for various cases where we don't know how to handle.
adds a new split condition.
this method is called when threshold has been reached.
removes the indices in the interval index0 - index1 from the list.
rebuilds the event list.
returns a diskstorefactory object that can be used to create disk store operations on disk.
deletes all subdirectories in a given root directory.
writes a number of bytes from the specified buffer.
mark rop registers as reserved.
register a list of default resource resolvers.
process the response that requires authentication.
releases a byte array to the pool of available byte arrays.
creates a new pipeline.
initializes the acceptable methods list.
returns true if the given order is active.
put the data from the buffer into the reassembled packet.
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer.
unify user name by name.
creates a new jdbcdata object.
stores the stack for the given exception at the given location.
instantiates a new elf timestamp generator.
reads the contents of a url and returns it as a byte array.
checks whether the current recurrence is valid.
create a new network with a random network id.
converts a given number of bytes to a kilobytes.
creates a pending intent if it has not already been created.
returns true for a static field.
verify identity hash codes of the first non - null string in the cache.
unescaping line separators in a string so that it can be used as a separator in
method to decrypt an encrypted key.
add platform configurations to the config file.
fills the view based on the current selection.
finds the field with the given name in the given class inheritance hierarchy.
calculates the position of the first token that can fit into the token list.
returns the shape of the simplex.
writes the contents of the given injectcontent to the given destination file.
returns true if the charsequence is null or 0 - length.
creates a boolean value from a raw settings value.
this method is called when an object is disconnection from the server.
find a matching service for a given template, or null if no matching service is found.
generate a unique key.
returns a copy of the array.
deletes the given path and all it's subdirectories.
this method initialises the pattern template.
add a line of text to a printwriter.
update the list of attachment points.
removes all soft wraps starting at the given offset.
returns a string representation of the dps parameter.
truncates the given string to the given length.
returns a subset of the elements in this set, in the correct order.
checks whether the legion should be disbanded.
add a field to a tuple.
iterates from this number down to the given number, inclusive, decrementing by one each time
parses a dom element to create a response object.
reads a number of bytes from the input stream and stores it into the buffer.
inserts the fullscreen information into the given list.
returns an input stream to a file or url.
adds the specified item at the end of the array.
copy acl to filehare.
parse the contents of the input source.
deletes all entitlements of a existing user.
this method creates the signed properties dom element.
creates the channel selection.
compute the mean of all elements in the array.
returns the depth of the object.
do a comparison test based on the supplied properties.
import file.
returns list of cos ids.
add a new scaling state monitor to the queue.
inserts the node at the given index into the tree.
return the probe's next sample.
writes a list of strings to a file.
verifies that the given chunk index matches the given chunk auth tag.
try to guess the mime type from the given file extension.
registers an annotated method with the given method binder.
parses the given route file and returns the corresponding dom document.
removes a dted directory from the dted directory list.
adds a file to the directory.
reads the lookahead symbol table.
split a vector of variable bindings from the original vector.
writes the header for urbans sim zone.
this method is called when the activity has been reseted.
adds a task to the set of delayed tasks.
replaces all instances of the given regular expression with the given replacement.
migrate all entities in the migration list.
adds a pair of key - value pairs to a map.
called when a child thread is about to resume.
the graphical representation of the labels on the x axis.
encode the given byte array and return the encoded string.
determines whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
creates a new instance of this class.
loads a binary file from the given input stream.
returns true if the given type is a two - slot type.
specifies sections that should be shown when the test method is called.
helper method to consume the crlf character.
process logout request.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
accept a file.
add a list of options to an option list.
returns the current activity or throws an exception if not found.
starts the timer and schedule the scan for a period of time.
returns true if the given url is a page that has been loaded, false otherwise.
writes the row count definitions to the given buffer.
send a string to the client.
initializes the scheduler and schedule it to be run once every 10 minutes.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns a string representation of the bean.
returns the path portion of the given filename, with the given separator added at the beginning and
signs the given bytes using md5 and writes them to the given outputstream.
returns true if the next item in the buffer matches the given string.
deserializes an object from a byte array.
creates a new interval object.
returns true if the given key is true in the given map.
creates a new empty shoppingcartitem.
bind the given stream to the current thread's output stream.
initialize the map layer.
returns the skewed sample variance for a given size.
extracts a span from the span list.
description of the method.
returns true if the event has a delay.
push space handling onto the top of the stack.
frees the content and recreates the buffer.
creates an inputstreamreader that uses the supplied character set.
sends a message to a proton server and returns the number of delivered messages.
decodes an abstract message into its base64 representation.
classifies the given example and returns the resulting example.
returns the identity hash code of this object.
returns a clone of the iterator.
this class cannot be instantiated.
returns true if the key chain contains the private key.
creates a new script builder with the given byte array.
sets the rotation angle of each rotation plane.
writes the users and groups to the registry.
converts the specified value to its string representation.
decodes the given number of assembled bytes, and appends them to the given string builder
create a record with the given name, address and metadata.
creates a new cpu object.
retrieves an audio data from the database.
adds a new condition.
reads the remaining bytes of the given buffer and returns it as an array of bytes.
finds the package and class name.
logs a message and the stack trace to system. out.
fetch the rp uris from the database.
constructs a namespace from a file.
returns the cardinality of the set.
de - escape a literal literal.
get cookie uri from cookie object.
send a debug log message.
adds the given value to the source list if it is not null and not null.
creates a new dnetscapecertificatetype dialog.
pretty prints the string representation of the specified long field.
replaces all occurrences of a string with another string.
removes a previously added listener.
main entry point for processing configuration messages.
clamp mag to max.
restores the state of this object from a stream.
returns the block index that should be used to search for the given source code block.
creates a lockable file writer.
appends the program description to the given builder.
decodes a base64 string into its original bytes.
try to get a url from a given location.
parses the value attribute from the given string.
converts a given string to upper case.
update the environment variable table with the new data.
creates a class from the given string.
notifies all listeners that the timestamp of the event has changed.
returns the next token that matches the given pattern.
removes the given node from the list of nodes.
returns the content as a string.
execute the handshake process.
calculates the minimum value.
emits the emit queue until the given number of pending tasks have been processed.
set the x - axis to the current position.
test audit completed method.
scale rect about center.
parse the unprintable - ext character handler from the given unicode code strings.
determines the height of this view.
checks whether the given id is null.
updates the pending list.
returns the maximum of two values in the range [ start, end ).
creates a new title based on the provided title string.
checks if the network is connected.
delete an item from the list.
calculate the graident channel between two different channels.
add a listener to be notified of startup events.
quietly closes given resource ignoring possible checked exception.
runs the task that creates a new file.
creates a des encryption key from the given key material.
checks that the given string desc can be a void.
creates a new js output for the given module.
get the text of all the matched elements.
adds a new line to the source file.
create a string from a stringbuffer.
returns the number of elements in the set.
executes the given command in the current working directory and returns the result handler.
instantiates a new liberty manager client.
checks whether the user is compliant with compliance attributes.
update the zoning map based on the passed initiators and storage ports.
wait invitation answer.
returns the x prime for the given number of lags.
returns the number of components in this group.
round ( mathcontext ) of a bigdecimal with a mathcontext precision.
normalize the frequency table by removing redundant entries that have less or equal to or equal to or
returns a key selector of the given type or null if not found.
generates a sorted map of tag integer - > hash code.
description of the method.
utility method to shorten a classname by removing the last dot.
adds a graphic to the overlay.
returns a string representation of the object.
performs the native gl flip operation for the given target component.
add a property to this property restriction.
initialise a tracker with a tracker id and an exception handler.
called when the game has been moved.
creates a new id from the specified input stream.
called when an element has been consumed.
add finally block to return list.
return the next element's meta - data.
serializes a collection to a json writer.
reads color table as 256 rgb integer values.
touches the underlying file.
add an x. 509 private key to a key store.
returns true if the given file needs to be re - loaded.
creates a new repository request source from the given bytes.
disables all buttons.
returns true if the specified number is an additive number.
writes a string to the log.
add a switch port to the quarantine queue.
below method will be used to create column sort info.
add a feature from a json node at the given index.
constructs a bit string from the specified bit string.
sorts the individuals in place using the specified comparator.
write the xml document to a writer.
creates a new safe asynchronous task.
returns true if the method name starts with the method name prefix and starts with the method name
creates a password reset exception object.
returns a union of the arrays of the union of the elements of the first array and the
returns true if the state of the window changes.
execute the xpath expression.
returns the smallest ( " top " ) n values in the column.
grab the class name from a signature.
creates a new time series metric delta set.
returns the number of nodes in the graph.
returns the next element in the iteration.
escapes each byte in the given byte string.
returns a new input that is a repeat of the given number of times.
renames a set of classnames.
handles back button request.
creates new exception with given throwable as a nested cause and source of error message.
returns the euclidean distance between this vector and another.
override done ( ) before calling super. done ( ).
returns a list of the challenge's.
return the sslsession as a byte array.
create a new mersenne twister.
verifies the validity of the certificate and throws an exception if the certificate is not valid.
encrypts a password using sha - 1 algorithm.
returns the number of rows in the table.
converts a byte array into a hexadecimal string representation.
helper method to convert a proto into a byte array containing the checksum of a checked message.
reduce the size of the icon to the given width and height.
install a sound that will be loaded from a resource file.
count the number of pages that match the template fragments.
returns the index of the first occurrrence of the given name in the given table
score each track that matches the query and add it to the output.
returns the current time in milliseconds.
encodes latitude and longitude into a byte array.
stores long value with volatile semantic.
runs the given shell commands and returns the output as a list of strings.
draws a circle centered at ( x, y ).
prints a double followed by a newline.
writes a 32 - bit integer to the out stream.
maps a byte sequence to a string buffer.
add a button pressed listener.
dispose of object, releasing resources.
fill an attribute in the xml document at the given index.
creates a new property gui with the given propertyconsumer.
copy a file to an output stream.
deserializes a header from the given input.
runs the test case.
returns true if all permissions have been granted.
fetch charset from cache for a given locale.
paint a portion of a layer.
adds a piloting roll to the list of control rolls.
process the add - on changes.
recalculate the derived color.
returns a string representation of the given oid.
called when the session is idle.
adds a span to the cache.
tests another object for equality with this uri.
repaints all children of this panel.
validates a dns name.
read the comment at the given index.
finds the next character in str that matches the given separator, and appends it to the given
try to guess the content type from the url.
extract the first token of a csv file.
connect to the server and write any necessary data to the log file.
this method performs the http cache header validation.
show the active ivr zoneset.
get an empty immutable array.
replace the list of non optional non - minus nodes with the produced ones.
returns a string representation of the accountable object.
returns a hash code for this object.
delete a type vertex for the given type category.
reads the contents of a reader and returns a list of strings.
adds cache context to cache store.
returns true if the given method is a method that implements the i / o callback interface.
compares this object with the specified object for order.
returns true if any of the dependencies have been modified since the last check.
creates a replacedelement with the specified width and height.
returns true if this fxg is greater than the given version.
creates a h2 data source based on the supplied properties.
returns an immutable set containing the names of the objects that are contained in this object.
scroll the current item to center.
add a new meta object to the set of meta objects.
removes the given word from the list of words.
add two positive numbers of different length.
add an item to the recent menu.
invokeall ( collection < string > ) method testing.
add a package to the configuration.
close the input stream.
creates the block mirror data.
start the coap server.
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other
this method is called when an exception is caught.
clears the current dialog's result.
converts a collection of objects to a comma - separated list of objects.
returns the value between min and max.
replace a string in a string buffer.
returns the index of a qualifier in the array node that matches the qualname attribute.
returns whether or not the given frame id is allowed to be included in the list of frames
parses the configuration from the given xml file.
creates an output file in the provided rpf file paths.
posts an event to the event queue.
choose a server alias for a given key type and issuers.
process the given image and add it to the temp file and scan file.
creates a new path handler.
loads a set of lines from the input source.
loads the ignore files from the given source folder.
removes the specified argument from the list of arguments.
returns true if the given string looks like a type.
create a pkcs # 1 object from a pkcs # attribute.
creates a new note in the database.
verify that the transaction ids in the given messages are unique.
add a node to the list of next nodes.
called when a property has been changed in the config dialog.
read a utf - 8 string from the source stream.
add an integer to the given linked list.
resets the internal state of the grid to the top of the screen.
reads the next token of the tokenizer and returns it as a string.
returns the current repaint manager for the given component.
checks if the initiator of the port is a recoverpoint initiator.
checks whether the given string is a valid ipv6 xml character.
send a buffer to the out writer.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end -
removes the listener from this object so that it will no longer be notified when wheel is clicked
adds the given section to the list of sections.
calculates the preferred wrap position for the given text.
adds all of the elements in the specified vector to this vector, replacing the previous element with
reads all bytes from the given input stream and writes them to the given output stream.
add a new rule to the mime matcher.
validates the given number input.
send message to all workers until the given amount of work has been processed.
convert a string to an array list.
pick a charset to use.
convert a positive bigdecimal to an engineering string representation.
removes all of the elements from this vector.
add a layer to the map.
reads a list of rules from the specified reader.
apply updates to managed data.
writes a portion of an array of characters.
detects an episode from a filename.
creates an operation to create an array with the given type.
fire an event to all registered listeners.
sets the preference type.
expunge stale entries from the table.
returns true if the given text is a number.
tells whether a given type is a character.
construct a key from its encoded bytes.
convert a calendar to a date.
returns true if client authentication is required.
creates the image file panel.
writes the given line to the given writer.
returns the layer at the given index.
checks whether the current user has permission'modifythread '.
returns the function that creates a new instance of value.
removes the quotes from the given string.
determines whether a namespace is defined.
tests whether shallow clones of the element are not notified.
creates a new dnetscapecertificatetype dialog.
returns the index within the array of elements of the last occurrence of the specified element.
creates a new floatcolumn.
reads all lines from the input stream and stores them in a variable - length array.
purges a key from the queue.
checks whether the user has permission'convertermanager.
checks if two artifact coordinates are equal.
checks matrix dimensions.
imports a change from a source change.
returns a printwriter for the given document.
creates a new fuzzy query.
creates a call chain info object.
start playback of the track.
throws an exception with a message.
resets the current thread context.
converts the given object to an array of parameter values.
logout a user. returns true if successful, false if failed.
creates operation to update or create a network interface.
create a new facade for a given code source.
constructs a datagram socket that can be used to send a message to a remote host.
close the rrd file.
rotates this vector by the given degree in radian.
returns a string representation of the specified uri.
adds a mapping from the specified field number to the specified data, replacing the previous mapping from
hides the border at the top and bottom of the window.
remove a filter from the filter map.
adds a point to the observed set.
adds a tag id to the list of tag ids.
sets the sslsocket to use sslsocket.
returns a list of execution entities ordered from root to leaf.
initialize the beta distribution.
serializes an expression node and returns a string representation of it.
initialize the internal frame menu buttons.
create a workflow. method that restores a copy of a source file to a target file
remove a data source listener.
returns a substring of the given string of the given length.
clears the name of all the blocks that have been marked as being unregistered.
un - serialize the given object.
called when the grid is stopped.
push a folder name to the end of the list of known template folders.
prints the depth of the first node in the tree.
adds a new event to the simulation.
creates a new instance of db schema ejb generator.
initializes the initial state of the board.
called when the open method is called.
add a primitive to abbreviation map.
method to initialize the tree map.
locates the replicator home directory.
creates a new string data object.
write a repeated sqr.
appends the string representation of the float argument to this string buffer.
open a file in the current file system.
tests if the track is okay, and if so, checks to see if the track is
closes this stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
normalizes the given path by splitting on whitespace.
get a random number from a lucene document.
record a new deployment.
called before the activity is started.
callback invoked when the dlsn has successfully completed successfully.
shut down the database from a class loader.
write the contents of the buffer to the buffer.
parses the given template and returns the resulting string.
called when a custom element is added to a tag.
writes a jpeg file and returns the number of bytes written.
checks if image servers exist.
returns the current time in milliseconds since the epoch, or null if no time was set.
removes the given file extension.
returns the set of namespace declarations at the given node.
add an observer to the set of observers for this object.
computes the euclidean distance between i and k.
format a pattern and return the result.
adds a mapping from a string to a byte.
releases the given field from the given owner.
converts list of dashboards to list of dashboarddto objects.
returns the executor object that is either the main thread or the main thread.
register a group properties listener.
edits a global function comment.
clears all openam sessions.
returns true if the entry dn exists in the persistent storage directory.
unpacks an array of char values from a packed string.
initializes the native library.
returns the wrapper name for a given wrapper name.
notification of the beginning of an element.
returns true if the given key is a string, false otherwise.
this function createas multiple pr nodes in the vmlist.
constructs a matrix of the same length as the input zmat.
report version information about ant.
build the network with the first neuron and the last neuron.
returns true if left and right are equal.
divide a positive number by zero.
returns an enumeration of the productions in this group.
add a node to the set of source nodes.
returns true if event is disabled.
creates a new dnetscapecertificatetype dialog.
transforms an array of points with no touch.
converts an escaped function into the target string.
returns a string representation of the port.
adds a listener to this user.
convert a stamp to a path.
prints a user message.
connects the socket to the specified address and port.
returns true if the given string represents an access modifier.
handles an append request failure.
selects a size pair that is close to desired width and height.
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects.
decodes the given utf - 8 bytes into a base64 string.
returns a map of attribute names to attribute values in lower case.
accept the given visitor for the type annotations.
create a list from passed objx parameters.
reads the next part of the file.
returns true if the current line is a multi - line tab.
computes the parameters of the classifier.
translates the specified data type into the specified data type.
finds the minimum of all elements in the array, ignoring elements that are nan.
move the selected row down.
creates a new jar with the given path.
returns a list of runnable that will be executed once in the background.
converts a collection of file paths to a list of relative paths.
handle the unlock / install button, depending on the current state of the key store.
offset the time from the beginning of an entry to the end of an entry.
rounds the x, y, and z values of this vector3 up to the nearest integer
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
removes all elements from the frontier that are not explored.
parse the attributes passed to the view from the xml file.
concatenates two byte arrays.
assert a complete successfully or error signal has been received.
asserts that a given boolean argument is set.
returns true if the specified calendar instance is before today.
builds the login ui viewitems.
unmap a volume from the scsi initiator.
returns a copy of the list as a collection.
add a curvature arc to a path.
parses a block of text from the given string content.
fill an array with random bytes.
removes all scanning callbacks.
reads a number of bytes from the file.
handles management manager creation.
checks whether the current shape is the same as the new shape, and if so, the
returns true if the given file can be read or is hidden.
appends the given strings to the given array.
deletes the application in sso.
constructs a string from the specified bytes using the specified encoding.
initialize the scratch item set.
computes the bounds of the editor area for the grid.
reads a number of bytes from the buffer.
construct a cuboid in the given world at ( x1, y1, z2
computes the log marginal likelihood of a model using a smoothed model.
returns true if this message is a new message.
installs the user agent properties to the system properties.
writes doubles in the given double array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position
load a set of recipients from the addressmap.
checks whether the given filename has the given file extension.
pre - persist the current lock time.
add a padstack to the padstack.
initializes the args base.
the startcontentmodel method.
create an omraster with a center point.
creates an input source from a string.
returns the root preference for the current user.
returns a string representation of the given socket identifier for debugging purposes.
pushes a string onto the top of this stack.
reads a text file and returns it as a string.
compute the x coordinate of a tile.
creates an input with the specified name, type, align and connection.
creates a class manager for the given interpreter.
swaps the gl display buffers on the gl display.
returns the last login time.
returns a stream of words of the given text.
adds the given appinfo to the adapter.
returns a new joiner that matches the specified field with the specified values.
removes the given plot from the given plot.
creates a dash array string from a list of dashes.
returns the position within the pattern.
loads a list of files.
reads a line of input and returns it as a string.
checks whether the given table exists.
process a colon ( " : ", " : ", " : ", " :
returns true if the given sql script contains the given delimiter.
compress an array of bytes to an output stream.
asserts that the specified service is not joined.
encrypt a block of input data and write it to out.
print a string to the text area.
adds a collection of connection groups to this group.
loads a map from an input stream.
adds a decoration to the end of the list of decoration.
parses the link title.
add a value to the range.
close the store. this method is called when the store has been closed.
returns the number of elements in the list.
create a warning diagnostic.
construct a context from the given pattern.
handles edit sub configuration button request.
checks whether this connection is healthy.
adds a column to the list at the given index.
creates the gui of the dialog.
computes the norm of the vector.
force get value as string.
returns a hashcode for this distribution.
converts a list of ring edges into minimal ( i.
removes a listener on image sharing events.
updates the wave file size.
writes a journal for a new state.
returns true if the string matches the regular expression.
handle a mouse released event.
computes the maximum class value for a series using percent factor per series.
adds a channel to the model.
joins an array of objects into a single string.
checks whether the store has a trait.
create supply for order.
returns the number of parameters in the list.
load the values for this step from an xml node.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
readdata - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
returns the dot product of this vector with the specified dense vector.
emits the code for the main subroutine.
calculates st dev ( variance ) for a list of doubles.
trims the array to its original size.
setbit ( int n ) outside zero.
compares a date with a boolean.
decodes the next chunk of the solution set.
instantiates a new udp connection.
multiply all values in this map by the specified value.
returns true if the given level is the current level.
compute the children of this folder.
quote the given file path.
reads data from the socket.
removes all listeners from the list of tombstones.
remove an imageconsumer from the list of consumers interested in data for this image.
returns true if the navigation is at the bottom of the screen.
updates the target aperture based on the new value.
builds an invocation for the specified protocol key.
compute the mark based on the given web resource statistics.
gcd : the first number is zero.
test of king capture.
evaluates a list of expressions against the view and returns a list of objects that can be used
return the relative directory portion of a path.
pick the encoding to use when reading from an input source.
generates the url for a particular series and category.
returns true if the thread should expire after the idle timeout, false if the thread should expire
displays the identity subject dialog.
decodes the 64 - bit dodecode from the given byte buffer.
executes a sql script and creates the database connection.
returns the cauchy ( in the range [ 0, 1 ] ).
adds the given group to the list of job groups that will never be deleted by this user
creates the layout for a single node.
poll for a request.
add a field to the multi - match query.
encode this ntru into the outputstream.
notifies all threads that no acks are sent.
returns a string representation of the given int array.
copies the given source byte array to the given target byte array.
computes the great circle distance between this circle and the specified location.
parses the manifest file and returns a list of splits.
read a number of bytes.
fire an event when an operator has been moved.
removes the individuals at the given index.
modifies the variable's id.
returns a repeated string of the given length.
wait for state change.
pick a node from the inference graph.
creates a new instance of adduserfields.
parse an integer value from a string.
finds the bounds of the node with the given ad node id.
stops all the running workers.
returns a deep copy of the stack.
calculates the percentage of the named state transition.
mangle the method name and parameter types.
saves the current state of the iterator.
consume a sequence of characters from the queue and return it as a string.
print out a list of defined ip addresses.
dispose of the codec associated with the session.
returns the number of transitivity between two char sequences.
parse the given string as an object.
returns a stream over the elements in this time series collection.
registers a mod by file.
arranges the container with no bounds.
checks if the given message's content type matches the given message's content type.
create a new x509certificate from a set of key pairs.
handles next button request.
checks all dependencies of a module.
called when any of the children have been removed from the beancontext.
checks if the given directory is writeable.
returns a string representation of this object.
writes default serializable fields to stream.
receive notification of the beginning of an entity.
checks if the given name is a reserved keyword.
extracts the import url from the given matcher.
tests this collator for equality with the specified object.
runs the test case.
renames a type and return it.
writes a list of values to an xml file.
creates a new dnetscapecertificatetype dialog.
invalidates all cache names.
flatten a byte array into an xmlserializer.
writes a list of strings to a file.
cancel all requests that match the given tag.
draws the snap horizontal margin.
creates a subset record from the given record and the given schema.
queue an operation to be run on the background thread.
convert a string to an array of cells.
transforms the given shape with the current transform.
prints a list to the given printwriter at the given indent.
creates the components of the tab panel.
performs a revocation status check on an x.
returns the composite type for an alpha composite.
remove a tracking icon from the list of icons.
returns a list of phone numbers in this state machine.
removes the parent of the given file.
returns true if a is almost equal to b, false otherwise.
the end of an element.
. util. arrays # fill ( int, int, int, byte [ ]
opens the current element and writes the given bracket at the beginning of the json text.
calculates the logarithm of the given value.
uploads a file from source to destination.
creates the zip file and returns it.
removes a handler for a column.
returns true if the image list is empty.
restore badges from saved instance state.
notifies the worker that a task should be scheduled for execution.
creates a new catalogentry.
add a message to the queue.
pushes a new stack onto the stack.
logs the hierarchy of the given class loaders.
adds a member to the gossip.
returns all the log files.
checks if is case sensitive.
returns true if this node is a namespace node.
returns a hash code value for this object.
creates a new sub - config model.
tests another object for equality with this object.
convert a color string to a color int.
perform the default action.
create a new traversal at the given node.
the end of an element.
cancels all the tasks currently in progress.
returns the value at the specified index.
returns the first occurrence of the specified key, or null if not found.
decodes the given base58 string into the original data bytes.
create an association between a template and a step pattern.
attempt to delete the file.
returns true if the given annotatedtype has no prefix.
helper method to try to format an object for human consumption.
gets the log of the given class.
receives one byte from the client and returns it as a byte.
checks whether the given resource can be accessed.
returns true if the given personid is a valid personid.
shows the video that was recorded.
writes an array of coordinates to a string buffer at a given level.
determines whether the given exception is a expected exception of the given class.
swap the rows and columns of the matrix so that the largest value is on the pivot.
checks if the user has permission to popup the overlap task bar.
creates a job for creating a new cluster.
finds the main classes in the given directory.
validates the given xml string.
read values from the file.
checks if access is compatible with instant run.
creates a sequence from the elements in the given array.
creates a new listener manager.
restores the state of this object from the input stream.
computes the offset for a given segment.
returns the element at the specified location in the vector.
creates a list of rules from a json object.
returns the octets of the specified attribute in the specified text.
returns a formatted double value with the given number of decimal places.
flushes the underlying output stream.
returns true if the given string contains at least the given length.
creates the proper bounds for the given points.
add a button to clear graph data.
returns the euclidean distance between two strings.
creates a text file with the given number and the given extention.
determine if the expression consists of alphabet characters.
utility method to unify line separators in a string.
add a notification to the ping list.
create a datastore in the export.
check the size of the array and increase if needed.
creates a new album.
checks an internal name.
initialize tasks when done.
removes the quoted form of the given name.
returns true if the player has the given leader.
performs a redo operation for the given editor.
reports an object as a result of an asynchronous operation.
writes the protein to disk.
convert ( string [ ] c ) method testing.
writes the contour values into a le file.
start a thread and wait for it to finish.
finds an element with the given name in a given parent node.
create a star from a regular expression.
removes the specified element from the selection.
invoked when a mouse button has been clicked on a component.
prints a formatted string to this output stream, using the specified locale and the specified format string
transforms a source xml document to a target xml document.
tests comparison of attributes before elements.
adds an instruction to the end of the suffix list.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
close the underlying selector.
subtract two numbers.
sets the required attributes.
shows the history dialog.
returns the number of elements in the list.
reads all bytes from an input stream and returns them as an array of bytes.
construct a streamable from an publisher.
creates a new protobuf connection.
this method parses the network response and returns a list of bitmap.
find a notification by id.
create a green gradient with a maxcount limit.
writes a histogram file.
returns a new stage with the same result as the given stage.
adds a character and a number.
clips a string if necessary.
removes the first occurrence of the specified element from this list.
add a slide to the pager.
wraps a string to a specified maximum width.
creates a vertex array from a float array of vertex coordinates.
publish a message to a topic.
cleans the given directory.
computes the inverse watermark of a sub - band of an image.
moves a file or directory.
loads a tungstenproperties from a properties file.
close an input stream and ignore any resulting exception.
removes all the files from the scan files list.
executes the command in the given process builder and checks the output.
below method will be used to start file based merge.
called when an insert occurs.
constructs a date time parse exception.
returns true if the given source and target components are parallel siblings, false otherwise.
reads an object from the input stream.
subtract two positive numbers of different length.
creates a new plaintext component with the given integer.
returns true if the current date is today.
creates a new port and starts listening to it.
pretty printing method for doubles.
convert a yuv image to a bitmap.
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation.
checks if a feature is set.
assign port usage based on port usage.
returns the next event in the queue.
appends the points to the buffer.
updates a jcombobox with the latest tracks.
instantiates a new project transformer.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
open the compare dialog.
adds a resource to the list of resources to be loaded.
returns true if maybe_ numeric is not null and false otherwise.
encodes the given string using the utf - 8 encoding.
atomically adds the given value to the current value.
returns the current date and time in the specified time unit.
appends a key - value pair to a list.
creates a properties object from a url.
calculates the weight of a given plan.
returns true if the extension of the filename is one of the given file extensions.
find the value and set the selected item.
create a directory on zookeeper.
calculates the logarithm of the given value.
rounds the x, y, and z values of the given vector3 to the given power
receive a datagram packet and return it to the client.
convert temperature in radian space to rgb space.
set the mapper to use for the name of the advanced state.
. util. arrays # fill ( boolean [ ], int, int, int
appends all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this list, in the
returns a string representation of the template using the formatters defined in the template specification.
returns a resource name for the given table name and type.
updates the combo boxes depending on the auto - load option.
returns the tip text for this property.
returns a string containing the string representation of each of the namedvalue array, separated by the
returns the source class for the given attribute.
flushes this output stream and then terminates the current printer.
request a group data.
serializes cookie object into a string.
skips the specified number of bytes.
resumes the playback of this frame.
subtract two numbers of different scales ; the first is negative.
adds a callback to the prototype.
creates a new alltoallpanel object.
returns true if the function is available.
allocate a number of sections and add them to the section list.
returns true if a refresh is needed.
returns a byte array containing random bytes of the given length.
returns a weight distribution for the given attribute table.
removes the extension from a file name.
delete the attribute value.
normalizes the given data frame to the given range.
returns true if the scheme is one of the known socket schemes.
add a leaf to the given tree, but only if it does not already exist.
add block listeners to the old ranges and then remove all blocks that are in the new ranges
converts a byte array into a hexadecimal string.
returns a size that is at most max_size.
create a new instance.
returns a string representation of this indexable object.
encode the given bytes using the encoder.
draws a face given a direction.
add a file system observer.
returns the natural logarithm of a number.
adds the given number as a big - number to the program builder.
returns an instance of the specified class loader.
add a new action to the game.
creates a new polygon with the given points.
reads the json value from the json array for specified index.
waits for an element to not be present.
assert that this testsubscriber has not terminated.
returns true if the video was extracted as a url, false if it isn't.
returns true if the operation has been cancelled.
pushes a list of axes to the top of the stack.
update downloaded files.
dumps the options of the current profile.
parses the given resource and returns the corresponding json node.
returns a collection of transition states for the start of each space character.
removes the given container and cancels it if it's not already in the container list
constructs a density function from a collection of points.
serializes an object to a byte array and returns it.
returns true if there are three points in the polygon.
creates a new zip entry with the given name.
executes a select query using a single connection and returns the result set.
reads a dictionary from the given input stream.
add a vertex to the graph.
creates a new view to model with the given number of rows.
returns an unmodifiable view of the set of file names contained in this directory.
is operating system mac?.
returns true if any of the given classes can be assigned to the given concrete throwable.
pop the messages from the queue and encode them into a string.
prints the string representation of the specified integer to the target.
returns a mapping of item sets to their confidence value.
checks if all characters in the given string are letters.
converts a hexadecimal character to an integer.
loads a library with the given path.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
save a keystore to a file.
adds a filter to the filter list.
logs a message object if debug logging is enabled.
updates the statistics with the given number of rows.
x. net. bigdata. bigdataengine # initialize ( ) ( ) method testing
returns a string representation of the object.
splits the traces on the keeppoint.
flip all bits in a byte array in place.
constructs a new index request source from the given string.
adds a set of users to the user configuration.
try to drain the buffers without waiting for them to complete.
copies a source file to a destination file.
encode properties to base64 string.
generates the rss xml output.
tests comparison of elements by name.
deletes a directory and all it's subdirectories.
converts a date - time string to a timestamp object.
returns true if this string starts with a new hunk, false otherwise.
removes all the values from the map.
read chars from the input stream.
converts a string to a byte array.
play a file for a given user.
run all finalizers when the jvm exits.
returns a 2 - dimensional array of intervals for the given confidence interval.
searches the specified collection for the minimum element using the specified comparator.
returns true if the sha hash of the file is the same as the sha hash of the
adds a value key.
sets this assignment to be the same as the specified border.
converts an integer value to a string.
splits a string into lines.
draws the grid. if info is not null, draw the grid. if info is null
add a hole to the shell.
register all components needed for the gui.
initializes the retained fragment manager with the given ops type and instance.
skips the specified number of bytes in the input stream.
generate a 64 - bit hash id from the public key.
creates a new create - op sub - command for an optional relation.
creates a new dnetscapecertificatetype dialog.
reads a single line element.
creates a new listmodel with the given items.
returns true if field calltype is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
maps the source to the given buffer.
creates a new jtextcomponent with the given style and extensions.
computes the metrics for a given access profile.
read a 16 - bit short.
create a replication job to copy a partition.
the main entry point for this application.
returns a map of order names to their corresponding values.
returns true if the given file path is a file on the file system.
find a pronghorn stage by path.
calculates the t - value of the coefficients, as defined in the definition of the stder
run a list of bootstrappers.
checks if the index header id is the expected one.
returns a byte array representation of this output.
saves the named buffer if it exists.
schedule storage for a given source virtual array.
creates a list of absolute paths from the given base directory to the given shown base directory.
determines whether the given string represents a file specifying module specifications.
inserts the expected pool settings per tier into the capabilities path.
transfers all data from one stream to another.
returns the position at the root of the path of the given unit level.
returns the number of bytes that can be read from the buffer.
add a numeric train class.
parses a json array of groups and returns a list of groups.
this method gets called when a drag gesture occurs.
checks if a character is an identifier helper character.
adds a new header line to the header list.
loads an address from a result set.
encodes the given string using utf - 8.
returns the given url with the given parameters.
called after the start of an element has been encountered.
try to guess the type of the given file.
gibt zurueck wenn das gabriel gabri
returns true for a public field.
return true if encumbrance budget is available, false if not.
returns a transferable that can be used to transfer from a given array of file formats.
write the specified number of bytes to the binary stream.
add a generic font family.
write a single reference to the node.
parses a namespace declaration.
returns true if the population is empty.
returns the formatted string of this date / time using the specified formatter.
converts the class name to dotted format.
creates a new dviewasn1dump dialog.
play next video.
invokes the given method of the given object and returns the result.
add a set of nodes to the list using an iterator.
creates a new rotate stream for a given path.
removes all history numbers that are larger than max history size.
process the styled attributes used by this view bean.
constructs a log message with the given template and code.
translate an action string.
returns true if the application can be loaded.
returns true if the value is not nan.
parse a boolean value, throwing illegalargumentexception if it's not a valid boolean value
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end -
returns a string representation of this date / time with the given formatter.
initializes the source code map with the lines of the adapted content.
returns a deep copy of the matrix.
returns a set of allowed duplicate error codes.
checks if target object has visited field.
removes a download from the completed list.
add shingled phrase queries to the query parser.
returns the digest as a valid xml id.
create a snapshot of the backup.
add a log file to the database.
merges the current properties with the given current properties and returns a new map containing the results.
deletes the preferred language of a existing user.
called when the media has been prepared.
parse the value of a parameter.
skips the specified number of bytes.
maps a point to all players in a radius.
constructs a ecdhe object from a named curve id.
adds a header to a message.
returns a string representation of this object.
recreates workspace table.
executes a parameterized n1ql query and returns the results as a list of jsonobject.
end the tag stack.
receive notification of an entity reference.
links the specified node to the last node in the queue, creating a new node if necessary
draws a divider with the given bounds at the given index.
creates a new form spec with the specified default alignment and encoded description.
decodes the given inputstream into a list of objects using the given parser.
writes a 32 - bit int.
writes an double field value.
calculate the next creature to spawn at a given level.
method to validate backup properties before new properties.
deletes a trait from the repository.
add a collection of tables.
writes the given template to the given writer.
clears the cache. if the cache is already loaded, nothing will happen.
returns the index of a rounded tool item.
adds an attribute to the message.
executes all the tasks in the graph, returning null if no more tasks can be executed.
runs the full import query.
return a user id that is in the range [ min, max ].
start the consumer and wait for it to finish.
generates the flags for a binary operation.
checks if the label of the current cell of the current graph is the label of the current
write typelist item into current section.
loads the configuration properties from a resource file.
close an inputstream without throwing an exception.
creates a new transaction.
skip characters until the next character in the stream is a character that can be read.
converts a package name to the path.
returns true if this map contains the specified key.
checks whether a fragment is valid.
increases the capacity of and internally rehashes the hash table.
saves all the pois from the assets into the database.
creates an xml element to represent the specified color value.
checks if the given tag has been seen for the given number of times.
method to handle changes to the operator of a variable.
adds a header to the message.
checks to see if a duplicate request is made.
returns true if the given view is hidden.
deletes a directory and all it's contents.
returns true if the component is a menu bar border tool bar.
construct a node from the given node name and prefix.
create a priorityqueue from a set of words.
iterates through all the objects in the given stream, passing each object to the closure.
exit the application with the given status.
calculates the distance between two points in meters.
process the given challenge, setting the initial state.
calculate a power of 2.
add a new entry to a existing entry.
adds an undo event to the undo list.
establish the cache if needed.
appends the given text and image span to the end of this text area.
validates a password using a hash.
returns a snapshot list of all snapshots in the specified repository.
add a certificate to the certificate chain.
multiply two positive numbers of different length.
this method is used to clean a method node.
paint the background of a tab.
builds an automaton that accepts only the specified bytes.
returns the range of visible and non - visible series in the given dataset.
shuts down the server and returns the shutdown string.
returns the number of threads in the pool.
assigns a role to a role.
creates a default thread factory with the given core pool size and maximum pool size.
writes the initial styles to the output stream.
encode a collection of objects into a base64 string.
test where each operation locks only a single resource and there is only one resource to be locked
runs the next pending command.
stops listening for connections and interrupts the selector thread.
loads a dom document from an xml file.
. math. bigdecimal # divide (. math. bigdecimal,.
removes an annotation at the given index.
replaces all occurrences of the specified character with the specified new character.
touches the given file and sets the last modification time to the current time.
wrap a callback with a matcher.
should select cell?.
add two numbers of different length.
add a class node to the bug set.
helper method to try to format a string in the format of a message.
parse the upper case mapping of a string.
removes all entries from the queue.
creates a zip file with the specified entry count and entry size.
checks whether the given name is a valid playlist name.
import an xml document.
adds or removes a row from a table.
a method to construct the default digestmethodtype conforming to the schema of the smpt
creates a subset of vertices that are sampled.
instantiates a new gremlin transaction manager.
this method is used to shift the sub flow of the bean instance.
this method is called by the background thread to load the positions for each session.
make all the files in the given directory.
this method is called when a text node has been deleted.
creates a new application environment.
create a new producer worker with the given topic and message.
called when a tab has been created in the foreground.
returns true if at least one function of the given classes can be assigned to the given class
load org access users.
closes the disk cache.
creates a map of volume uri to the mask for the exportmask.
close the underlying ssl socket and release any resources associated with it.
returns a new d with the largest x, y, and z values.
waits for the process to finish and then reads the output stream from the process and then closes
adds the given arguments to the command line.
returns the node matching the key.
draws the axis on a 2d graphics device.
reads the contents of a fetchlist.
creates a random colour.
parses a category string and returns a pair of diagnostic kind and the boolean value.
if the given method is a property - read method, invoke the given decision and store the
instantiates a new sptk.
aborts and cleans up resources.
add a csp listener.
prints the given text to the given print stream, wrapping the text if necessary.
removes the object at the specified index from the array.
check the nullability of a result set.
computes the bounding boxes for this contour.
adds a timeline to the timeline list.
attempt to load the lob data.
paints the background, if any, and only if it's not already painted
creates a list that is a copy of the given array and with the given extra capacity.
send an event to all registered listeners.
this method performs an http put request to update a region.
loads the extensions from the extensions object.
deletes all addresses of a existing user.
set the limit of the query.
checks if a file exists.
skips the specified number of characters.
initializes all the payment methods.
converts a file name using the default file encoding.
copy a file from a url.
updates the deltas based on new values.
creates an auth configuration in the default realm.
trims all non - ascii characters from the beginning and end of the string.
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster.
send the remaining bytes of the buffer to the socket.
call this method when an event is dispatched to this object.
finds the next folder that matches the given list of files.
returns true if the two strings are equal in the same way.
execute a command in a separate platform process and return the result.
populate a blob with basecontent.
removes a local file from the list of files observed by this folder.
makes the object immutable.
appending the isnull operator clause.
removes all elements from the queue.
update favorites.
adds all of the elements in this list that are not already present in the specified collection.
saves the analysis to a file.
returns an iterator over the dependencies of this module.
parses an integer value from a string.
constructs a buffered header from the given buffer.
convert a date object to a date string.
deprecated. use executewith back - off method instead of executewith back - off.
checks the server response code.
add a resource source.
commits changes to the user.
connects the board to a target.
called when a generic motion event occurs.
add a class to the set of target classes.
edits the given element in the table corresponding to the given column.
creates a new floating point number generator with the given curve and x and y values.
serializes an xml document to a string.
computes the area of the triangle formed by the points a, b, and c.
serializes the store if it has not already been serialized.
casts a list to array object, removes all empty elements.
searches the specified collection for the minimum element.
returns a server heartbeat server.
tests whether the queue can be converted to a string.
find the cen that is in the list of cen.
create a pdf object from a byte array.
converts a collection of inet addresses to an array of strings.
show a user's profile.
creates a new smooth moves object.
update price lists for a given trx name.
checks the dependencies of this module and returns the result as a string.
clearbit ( int n ) inside a positive number.
deserializes the funnel steps from the given list of serialized funnel objects.
appends a parameter descriptor to the given descriptor.
adds a catch - clause to the end of the list of catch - clauses.
stream the contents of a byte array to the browser.
unlocks the given key.
returns a list of orders in the order by clause.
ensures that the schema agreement is consistent with each other.
removes all elements from the stack.
create a new tilestore.
checks if this block is more work than the given block.
reads the next token, checking whether it is the expected one.
returns true if the url is a jar url.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
applysettimestamp adds to the batch the query used to change the timestamp.
create an instance of a class that implements the given methods and arguments.
stops the timer and increments the duration accordingly.
below method will be used to add new row.
decodes the base 64 encoded bytes of the given string.
if the current call back is a native frame, then return that frame, otherwise do nothing
returns a path for the scheme of the given path.
returns true if mime type is image.
creates a new fx stage with the given parent and group.
returns the size of the bitmap based on the size of the key and the size of the
computes the absolute value of the matrix.
removes the attribute value from the attribute set.
snapshots the camera's render state.
parses an option node that represents a debugger exception.
rotates an image by rotate it by 90 degrees.
update finantare for the given column.
display current calendar.
creates a line string from a set of coordinates.
trims an array to be exactly the target a size.
close the store if it has not already been closed.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied
subtract the specified number offlakes.
process an array of bytes, producing output if necessary.
returns true if required resource name is found.
main entry point for the tool.
format a date in the format yyyy - mm - dd : mm : ss.
creates a new authoritykeyidentifier structure from the given x509certificate.
open a jar file.
removes all emails from this user.
x. net. ssl. sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer src, byteb
creates a new instance of pw.
determines if a character is a letter.
call the given visitor on all the arguments in this list.
create a link to a given uri and label.
returns true if the token starts with " expr ", false if " expr ", "
destroys the tree.
creates a hierarchical uri from a file.
process the play request.
performs a binary search for the specified element in the specified list using the specified comparator.
flushes any buffered output buffers.
returns a vector of the elements that can be reached from the given state starting at the given
removes the given value from the given regionentry.
creates a hashdatacache object.
marshals the given enum value to the json generator.
initialize all the events that should be passed to the scene.
returns true if the midi file type is supported by any midi file writers for the
window_naf ( byte width, biginteger k ) : window_naf (
tries to map the collection name to the default collection name.
fill a vector with random values between min and max.
returns a hash code value for this object.
called when the animation is stopping.
returns true if the package name is equal to the package name.
draws the range markers for a given layer.
decrypts the given encrypted data with the given password.
instantiates a new vpf layer.
returns true if the connection should be closed.
returns the hsl values for this bounding box.
returns a future that will block until all tasks have been completed or the timeout has elapsed.
returns true if this pool is unused.
change a directory on the server.
removes the quote at the start and end of the column.
returns true if the user has scrolled the mouse up.
refills the input buffer.
performs a search for documents that match the given query.
writes the end of the list.
returns a list of elements that are direct children of the given element.
generate a seed value with the specified number of bytes.
returns the tip text for this property.
this method calls proc list jobs and fetches a list of jobs.
returns a binary representation of this array.
open an input stream to the data file.
adds a caret listener.
get serial sensor manager instance.
iscurrencies ( int ) method testing.
encode a buffer of bytes into a base64 string.
. util. date # equals (. lang. string,. lang. date
parses an id from a uri string.
mark the used count for a given block of a given length.
converts a matrix into a chol matrix.
read a number of bytes from a memory location.
shifts right a number of int values in an array.
aggregate function that updates the distinct set of values.
remove a legion member from the legion world.
print the contents of the buffer.
returns true if the method contains the baf body, false otherwise.
retains only the characters in the specified string that are contained in the specified string.
deletes the least used connection from the free list.
performs a binary search for the index of the first occurrence of the specified element in the binary
remove routes and stops from the schedule and remove stops not used.
returns true if ref and test are equal.
convert a list of patches to a plain text.
closes the underlying output stream.
this method validates the sort size.
called by native code to finish painting.
delete the panel and clear all data structures.
perform an asynchronous average operation.
returns the next element in the iteration.
creates a new dom document builder.
returns a string representation of this object.
creates a macro object from an xml file.
delete all es input.
adds the given integer to the end of the list of parts.
terminate the fsync service and wait for it to complete.
finds the farthest location in a direction.
computes the minimum required sample size for an image size.
creates the main split pane.
returns a copy of the given chain, with any empty chain removed.
checks if transaction manager is up.
creates a new instance of fs.
creates an element with the given tag name and attributes.
converts an inputstream to a string.
splits a branch name into its remote name and branch name.
encrypts the given outputstream using the given password.
pads the given string with the given character until it reaches the given length.
reload the swipe state of the given view in the given position.
resets the iv to its original value.
multiply the matrix by a vertical flip.
shuts down the session factory and releases any resources associated with it.
converts a byte array into a human - readable ip address.
creates a new action object.
converts a hexadecimal string to a byte array.
writes a string to the binary output stream.
creates a new permission collection.
merges the network represented by the network represented by the network represented by the network represented by the
prints a message to standard output and then terminates the line.
reads up to chunksize bytes from the input stream and returns them as a byte string.
sum up the facets for each facet.
create a reverse geo code from the input stream.
patch a qname by replacing the current prefix with the given name.
converts a list of tag objects to a string.
creates a new xmlelement with the same attributes as the current element.
resets the counters of all labels to their default initial value.
rotates this vector by the given angle in radian.
called when the connection has been lost.
returns the value of the response header with the given name, or null if not found.
parses the sparse fields of a query and returns a set of filter names.
sign the document with wsssaml.
this method gets called when the state of the tab changes.
adds the given url to the list of scan roots.
adds a range of bytes to the end of the interval.
resets the state of the algorithm to initial.
reload the current page.
returns true if the given field is a static field.
returns the number of outstanding requests to this process.
returns a string representation of the given key.
initialize the logger for the specified component.
fills the list with items at the given position.
removes a default value from the default values list.
test of the behavior of cache. put ( string, string, string ).
merges two signatures, returning null if the two signatures are identical.
returns a hashcode for this object.
creates new exception with given throwable as a nested cause and source of error message.
enter an object to the end of the chain.
add an option to the set of opts.
pause the wait time for the client to join.
this method gets called when a bound property is changed.
add a frame to the transition.
scans the classpath for classes that implement the given interface.
return the characters up to but not including the end of the document.
returns true if the given block should update the opacity of the current light.
expands the given rectangle by the given amount.
converts a string to a datagram packet.
returns a string representation of the rectangle.
returns true if the class loader has been initialized.
removes a thread from the set of shutdown hooks.
computes the points and transitions between the two specified points.
returns a string representation of the current value.
check if camera size is available.
append a string to the buffer.
encode a plaintext into a byte array.
returns the lookup list for this gsub table.
returns the sum of the delta values.
returns true if the given char sequence is either empty or contains at least one word boundary.
executes the given operation in a blocking manner.
writes a character buffer.
creates a table with the given span.
get the type as a string.
add a line from the current path point to the new one specified by the x and y
checks basic missing value handling of the scheme.
disables all buttons.
loads artifact from the given file.
tries to acquire the given number of exclusive locks.
returns true if this is a header end.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
creates a new tsa - based action.
creates a new dviewasn1dump dialog.
adds a point to the end of the polygon.
returns true if the given class is a cglib proxy class.
verifies whether a discoveryresponse is discovered or not.
generate a report for the given date.
updates the text views based on the recharge details.
gets map of version - > transaction - > id map if transaction is near and not local
stops listening for incoming connections.
decodes the given byte array using a private key.
derives the argb value for a color based on an offset between two other colors.
adds a position to the collection of occupied blocks.
creates a new attack strategy.
creates a default thread pool.
this method is used to write a chunk to a locator.
returns the event with the given id.
initialize the stored values for this preference.
below method will be used to load the properties file.
prints a list to the specified printstream.
converts a string to a date object.
returns the md5 checksum of the given file.
initializes the key generator with the specified values.
checks if there is another record in the result.
trims the delegate's list of mappings to its original size.
opens an empty scope and appends the given bracket to the stack.
returns the ascii representation of the given position.
removes all cached sections and sections from the cache.
converts an iterator of nodes to a set of nodes.
runs a task in a fixed thread pool.
creates a list of vm mips.
add a port to the collection of port use counts.
pop the current element's attribute set.
associates the specified value with the specified key in this cache.
remove model change listener.
fire a change event to all registered change listeners.
creates the connection name.
rep discover a host.
fully read a number of bytes from an input stream.
draws the connections in the order in which they were generated.
adds or updates a node in the open queue, if it's not already in the
converts a file object to a file object.
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height, and with new
build a bipartite graph with random left and right edges.
executes the given command and returns the output as a string.
updates the progress of the current thread.
creates a new context handler for the given directory.
returns true if this text starts with the specified prefix.
create the jsp container initializer.
creates a new temporary directory.
returns a string representation of a partition array.
checks if a category is a child of another category.
input an instance for filtering.
returns a collection of column names for the given table.
adds a resource to the list of resources created at the given location.
signal this event to all threads that are waiting for this event.
tests another object for equality with this object.
checks if the quorum is maintained.
schedules the next alarm in the batch.
request that the server stop processing.
x. net. ssl. sslengine # create ssl ( int min, int max )
joins arrays together and returns a new array containing the result of applying the given function to each
splits a url's path into individual paths.
initialises the best selling report.
notifies all graph listeners that a transaction has been started.
adds a job to the list of jobs to run.
resets this formula object to its initial state.
adds a constant pool entry.
add a list of chartsets to the chart.
returns the value of the info gain.
cancels the specified property constant.
deserialize a type from a byte array.
. bigdecimal # remainder ( int n ), where n is the number of multi digits
shows the properties for the selected neuron.
encrypts a block of bytes.
returns true if any of the children of the given class have changed.
creates a new instance of window stuff helper.
removes special characters from a string.
creates a new run script action.
create a web image from a url.
consolidate a list of tuples to a map of receipts for each installment.
checks if the email address is a valid email address.
adds a directed edge to the graph.
parses an application. xml file and returns an application object.
creates a new channel entry for a new connection.
returns a description of the hash table.
add a subscription to the store.
zip a zip file.
generates a hash map where each item is a parent and the corresponding item is a child.
add an audio packet listener.
create a crl with the specified criticality and value.
creates a new environment.
adds a callback to a script object.
removes all block entries from the section.
writes a string to a file.
returns true if the given node is an operator variable access.
called by the picker for updating the header display.
return a list of geopoints that are near the given point.
add an action to the list.
loads a mary object from a given file input stream.
locates a url from a fully - qualified class name.
sign off for a given unique id.
create a source / target pair for all replicas of the same source / target volume.
return the timestamp that should be used for a logarithm to test if the logar
returns a string representation of the polygon.
report an error. throw an exception if an error occurs.
put head element into pattern table.
construct an iterator over the union paths for the union of the elements at the given position.
reads a record from the database.
throws an ioexception with the given error message.
returns true if there is another deal to close and false if there is no more deal to
add a issuer to the set of issuer principals.
build the key selection.
filter node map by exclnode.
stores the given device in the storage.
runs the test case.
adjusts the absolute values of the array to the specified range.
removes the processor at the specified index.
creates a chain of trie nodes that contain the given suffix and the given value.
create a by by from a locator string.
notifies all progress listeners that a task has been started.
throw an exception if the object has been destroyed.
uploads a new artifact from the specified input stream.
escapes the given byte string.
returns an array of types for the given values.
add binary token to parent.
skips the specified number of spaces at the specified position in the specified string.
called when a change in the workspace has occurred.
return the next sample from the distribution, or create a new one if no samples are selected
read a certificate from an inputstream.
creates a new http connection with a fixed timeout.
associate the specified value with the specified key.
renames all columns of a table.
handles the case where the read has failed.
adds the specified object to this set.
applies the layout to the neuron list.
returns the nice version of this object.
returns the height of the layer.
finds a static method.
get list of servicecards from the yelo server.
adds a phone number to this user.
returns a string containing only the digits and plus characters of the matching string.
compares two methods to see if they are equal.
returns the first marker segment having the given tag.
opens an input from the given string.
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array of
publish a list of items to the tenant.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end -
ensures that the scheme is the same as the scheme of this uri.
create a private key usage extension from its der encoded value.
generates a list of periods for the whole year in which the given period's year is
creates a random secretkey.
this method gets called when the value of a property has been changed.
returns a json object from a response string.
loads version information from the current release.
find a page of entities.
add a view to appear at the end of the footer.
adds the sequence to the front of the queue.
checks if is read only.
consume ( long, int ) method testing.
set the parent of this expression node.
returns true if the module is registered.
adds a constant to the class.
prints a message to the console and exits the program.
asserts that the timestamps of the given values are within the given epsilon.
constructs a new spiderparser.
flush the data to disk.
add a hop to the list of entities to be processed.
returns true if the queue is empty.
tests the instantiation of primitive types.
read the next block of entries from the in segment.
returns the number of hosts in a map of net2 initiators.
add all certificates from the given certificate store.
process a lob metadata.
generates the startprefixmapping for the given element and namespace stack.
prints this exception's stack trace to the specified print writer.
convert list of dataflavourlist to array.
test for correct error handling for a choice with an empty icon.
translate a string representation of an attribute into its string representation.
returns the next unique message index id.
fill fields with default values.
checks if the supplied security infos matches any of the supplied security infos.
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other
converts a list of byte arrays to a list of byte strings.
adds a new index of the given type and the list of column names.
sets the ssl key store password.
instantiates a new zookeeper state machine ensemble.
creates a shortcut for a given character.
delete the minimum of the given subtree.
resets the counters to its initial state.
writes the given source file to the given output stream.
sift an iterable of type compounds into a list of type compounds.
updates the location based on the new location.
compares this object with the specified object for order.
binds the given integer property to the given value.
removes a column from the table.
writes the given string to the history.
close the database connection.
instantiates a new bayes search editor.
removes the specified action listener from the forward and back buttons.
returns true if the given index is a valid literal.
helper method to generate a granularity from a string.
constructs an iterator over the words in the default locale.
closes this index and releases any locks associated with it.
push a local file to a remote directory.
this method is used to convert a single item to a coda.
resize the cache to a new size.
converts a char into a byte array.
pretty printing method for short.
scans the given directory for all files that start with the given prefix.
removes a bandwidth field.
exit the application and system.
returns the current time in milliseconds.
collapses newlines from the given string.
generates the xml doc for a given index.
extract properties from source properties.
removes the last row from the set.
ensures that a component with the given name is visible.
the end of the current representation.
creates a new instance of this class.
splits a charsequence line into tokens, separated by a delimiter.
instantiates a new action.
reads the next field from the input json stream and returns it as a tuple.
computes the value of the left / right pair.
removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list.
loads the values for this step from an xml node.
returns a hash of the given signature.
add a trigger group name to the repository.
read a string from the input stream.
removes all temporary files.
reads a thumbnail from a file and decompresses it.
completed submit ( runnable ) returns result.
shrinks the given area to a new one.
asserts that the given solrqueryrequest results in a valid json string.
builds the absolute stats.
serialize the classifier to the given file.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns true if the given partition tag is set.
arranges the blocks in the given container with a fixed width and a fixed height.
executes the given method and returns the result set.
returns the index within the string of the first occurrence of the specified character in the string of
increments the counter associated with the specified key.
send a packet to a client.
handle a key typed event.
fill in the gap of the class names in the given map.
verify object fields are non - null and non - empty.
creates a program that satisfies an op_check_check_wait call.
deletes all instances at the given row indices.
add a listener of the specified type.
compute gc2gc ( m1, g1, m2, g2 ).
returns true if the given base date is between the given start date and end date.
adds a listener to be notified when the timeout has occurred.
converts a list of strings to an array of strings.
transforms a tool tip text.
writes bytes to the buffer.
creates a client http request to the given url connection.
description of the method.
appends a tag to the xml document.
returns the extra information that should be added to the certificate.
adds the given collection of content elements to the top level of the list.
calls the closure with the given arguments and returns the result.
writes a block of bytes to the underlying stream.
adds an index entry to the resource index.
given a set of node objects, compute the solution for each node in the set, and
removes a number of characters that are less than a given number of characters.
creates a new bean type.
reverses the process it.
use subject creds only.
adds the specified value to the specified field.
deletes the storage from disk.
returns the advanced response for the given request.
checks if the attribute is ok.
loads the database from the given input stream.
delete luns from lun group.
removes the specified locators from the set of discovered locators.
returns true if the given choice is selected.
adds the given operation to the progress panel.
sets the key store provider.
compare and decrement the worker count.
converts a list of requests to an http connection.
create a new tcp client.
tests fix for bug # 40113 - getconnection ( string name, string value )
returns the time in nanoseconds since epoch.
creates a program rewriter with the given rewrites.
creates the settings menu.
write a string in binary format.
returns true if the given string is a valid name.
creates the commands to run this node.
parse the sensor packages and store them into the core metrics files.
gets the error stream from a process and reads it to keep the process from blocking due to
deletes the string in this builder from the first appearance of the specified string.
converts a list of parameter names to an array of class objects.
trim all gazentry objects to the maximum allowed size.
returns true if the prompt contains the select account.
sorts the elements in an array in ascending numerical order.
flip an image horizontally while changing opacity.
returns true if audit is enabled.
determine if the request is a terms request.
reads segments from the input stream.
project a time within 24 hours.
updates the min and max for no dictionary.
de - serialize a struct object.
creates an instance of the cli command line tool.
concatenates the given byte arrays into one byte array.
creates an input stream from a file.
creates an extended dismax configuration from a query string.
writes a single value property to the database.
computes the y - value of the maximum value that is less than or equal to the
adds a listener to be notified when the keyboard is cleared.
add an item listener.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
creates a mosaic levy.
returns the rank of a given value, or - 1 if not found.
returns a new predicate that evaluates to true iff the given predicate evaluates to false.
add a margin to the top of a child view.
converts a hex string to a byte array.
send a number of bytes to the network.
fetch the schema from the server.
appends the given double array to the given stringbuffer.
casts the output array to a real array.
reads partitions from a sequence file.
return true if seqno is older than max seqno.
draws a line, centered on ( x0, y0 ), centered on ( x
performs some processing on the given item.
pushes a new element onto the stack.
returns the cardinality of the range at the specified tail index.
create http response header with the cookie and print document.
cast a object to a long object ( reference type ).
override this method if you want to change the size of the dialog.
tests that the state of the x509key object is preserved.
shuts down the android debug bridge and cleans up all resources associated with it.
invoked when a ping has been received.
returns the integer value of the specified object literal.
resets the viewable area.
verify that the expected values are the actual values of the transfer rate operations.
add a trust manager to this trust manager.
returns an iterator over the children of this node.
creates a folder in the directory selected by the user.
i - get the i - value of a b - tree node.
do a comparison test based on the properties passed in.
selectfunctionalitytest # test_select_basejoin ( ). attempts to get a
returns a string representation of the given value, with the given indent factor.
checks if is retained at runtime.
message processing test.
adds the classpath to the classpath.
loads directories from the directories. properties file.
create a null individuumuums of the given dim.
finds all classes in the classpath that match the given uri.
returns true if the given value is a slavo g.
randomly permute the inventory slot contents of the given item.
returns a string representation of the specified number of digits in the specified value.
converts a given string to lower case.
runs each step in the given list, assuming that the given number of steps is the same
register a transform with the given uri.
call this when your application is about to exit.
shrink the internal buffer.
creates a new logical conjunction with the provided sub - conditions.
drop data from the given absolute position to the end of the queue.
creates a new exif implementation with the specified host name, port number and trans as specified
updates the controls based on the current state of the spinner and the current state of the spinner
writes a number of characters to an outputstream.
handle a message from a loco net message.
this is the main entry point for testing.
returns true if the user is allowed to allow multiple addition to the given system name.
checks whether any object class is present in the given set of object classes.
writes an integer field value.
returns the natural logarithm of the logarithms of the given integer.
wait for the latch to complete and throw an i / o error if something goes wrong.
atomically adds the given value to the current value of the field of the given object managed
close a closeable without throwing an exception.
append a byte array to the file.
notifies all list listeners that objects are changed.
converts an ipv4 address from an integer to an inetaddress.
open a cfftp connection to a server.
unpacks the compressed character translation table.
adds the key - value mapping to the cache iff there is no mapping for that key
returns the length of the common suffix of two strings.
close the dialog, releasing any resources associated with the dialog.
start the monitor thread if it's not already started.
read the end of the current video frame.
scales the icon by the specified factor.
restores the default serializable field values for this object.
converts the object to lower camel case.
removes and returns the element at the head of the queue, or null if the queue is
instantiates a new movie set add action.
creates the rmiregistry for the specified port.
poll the sockets for a new entry.
resets the internal state of the transition.
checks if there is a whitespace at the end of the string.
handles dup request handler request.
returns true if the link has expired, false if the link has expired.
accept the given visitor to generate the bytecode for this method.
returns an array of special properties for this object.
handle a donequery ( ) call, throwing an exception if something goes wrong.
returns list of node identities.
change the parameter and return the hastings ratio.
callback method for chart progress events.
returns a date instance from epoch day.
checks if the cache is empty.
returns the node with the specified hash code and key.
add a language to the list of languages.
returns the index of the smallest value in a list that is greater than the given value,
adds a user to the repository.
block mix with a 128 - bit hash.
registers a host with the sim event.
add a ofm flow to the queue to be reconcile.
creates a jar file that contains the contents of the given map.
appends a new cell to the current row containing the given integer value.
expect a server proxy failed.
removes a parameter from the list.
recalculates the statistics for the given attribute.
returns true if the list of children is empty.
inserts the specified column at the specified index.
returns the index of the first occurrrence of the given string.
calculates the rhs size of the given production.
load a command from an inputstream.
invokes a compiled command.
computes the probabilities for the logistic problem.
adds client properties to external client data store.
delete a file or directory.
adds the export / remove volume steps to the workflow step.
returns the likelihood of the inference by sampling a given number of gibbs.
removes the specified input token from the input table.
adjust min / pref sizes for columns and rows.
parses the contents of the file.
escape a single byte.
returns the network parameters for the given network id.
add all certificates from the given certificate store to this instance.
stores the body of this message to the given stream.
returns the angle between the origin and the target point.
appends whitespace to the writer.
clears the resource index with the given resource type name.
serializes this message to a byte array.
generates the last 6 months where the last one is the weekday of the week and the last
returns a set of labels for which vertex matches.
resets the unread count for a given section.
add a category to the list of categories.
callnonvirtualshortmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns an object.
tries to send all other messages.
make a background color for a press.
test streams from values.
cache client user id for given internal id and client id.
returns the node matching the key.
returns true if this member is a public member.
receive an image and block until the image release is complete.
process doc_action - do it - get doc_action table.
returns cell id for a i - j cell of the given face.
updates the enabled state of all actions.
close the input stream and release any resources associated with it.
truncates the given phone number if it is too long.
returns true if the given number of micros is within the comparison epsilon.
returns a histogram of the histogram represented by this instance.
create a weekday label.
appends the given path to the end of this path.
returns the index within the given string of the first occurrence of the given substring in the given
submit ( null callable ) throws nullpointerexception.
reads a single byte from the input stream and returns it as an integer in the format specified
add a directive to the directive list.
formats the given date.
removes all results from this profiling result set.
add a filter for elements that have a property with the provided value.
adds an attribute value to an existing entry.
copy inputstream to outputstream.
recursively prints all public or protected members of a class.
initializes the basic variables for the grid.
invoked when a mouse button has been released.
returns the amount of free space on windows.
attach a header to a sip message.
g2pmethod is used to determine the g2p method to use for a given
stops the application and exits the application.
create a new state for the given value.
returns the hash code of the given object.
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one.
asserts that the pivot field contains the expected value and count.
returns the xml document as a string.
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer.
walks the given directory tree, applying the given visitor to each sub - tree.
highlight some text in the text area.
process a block of input and output data.
converts a command topic into a command.
throws an exception if the given array is null.
execute a http get request and return the response.
test of seteed ( byte [ ] seed ) method testing.
flip image horizontally and vertically.
creates a filter factory.
executes the callable and wraps checked exceptions into checked exceptions.
returns a copy of the given string padded on the left to the given length.
returns a hash code for this object.
creates a new unix terminal using the default character set.
returns true if the cell should be editable.
check if all streams are online or online.
add a package name to the priority list.
action to be performed.
verify a certificate against a collection of crls.
expands the input string by replacing each'\ n'characters with'\ r '
constructs a capabilities object from an array of supported encodings and a max channel count.
returns true if the edge labels are rotateable.
creates a new response code with the given file name.
creates the default inverse cumulative probability distribution test input values.
appends the string representation of the boolean argument to this string buffer.
deletes a set of server instances.
sorts the specified float array in ascending natural order.
report a fatal error.
add a terminal to the set.
recursively create recursively all files and directories.
stop recording and quit.
writes a tag to the output stream.
returns the hash code value for this object.
creates a new bv type variable.
iterates from this number down to the given number, inclusive, decrementing by one each time
adds a raw element to the select clause.
remove listener for pv changes.
returns true if gts is normal, false otherwise.
creates a new show progress object.
parse a repository expression from a string.
closes this stream and releases any system resources associated with it.
adds a new section to the list of sections.
loads a genome relationships file.
convert a version string into an integer array.
computes the type of the test.
tests if two doubles are approximatively equal within a tolerance.
loads a json model from a file.
splits a line of text and returns an array of comments.
creates a list of volumes in a consistency group.
convert a linkedhashmap to object.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
checks if a block node is a start block.
checks to see if an error has occurred.
splits a pdffile by size.
validates the set of auth schemes.
returns the uuid for the ui identity.
reads the next line from the file and returns it as a string.
base64 decodes the given base64 string.
creates a simple red paint with the given width and height.
returns a list of strings that can be matched against the given text.
creates an entry node with the given parent node.
asserts that the given collection of deliveries contain the given expected states.
creates a list of facets for the given files.
writes a bitmap to a file.
parses a given text and returns a sentence object.
replace a child element.
gets the hash code for the specified multi - key.
flushes the output stream.
adds an entry to the entry info list.
updates the sliding state based on the new position.
flushes the current vcf record to the given writer.
instantiates a new video stream.
compares this string to the specified string.
flushes the underlying stream.
starts all the servers and waits for them to complete.
returns this pagination instance with the specified class.
instantiates a new runtime collector.
deregisters a service provider.
creates a new newestfirst comparator based on the given date.
updates the series with the specified values.
writes an float field value.
decodes the given byte array and returns the decoded data.
return a path for a scroll bar button.
removes all views from the adapter.
returns true if the given mobile is a valid mobile.
converts an error in a file to an error message.
returns the sineh of the number.
adds a notification to the notification panel.
returns true if any of the attributes have been modified.
returns ignore descriptor for a method.
returns a random sample of a set.
draws the size of the message.
grab the arguments of a method signature.
x. net. ssl. sslengine # create sslengine ( ) method testing.
process the events and dispatch them.
resets the candidate list to its initial state.
sets the namespace and local name for this node.
writes a long value.
delete a replication set.
move to next frame.
like datainputstream. readlong except little endian.
test of get columns meta data.
discover the log implementation under the given category.
creates a via header.
returns a string representation of this object.
resolves the parameters of the specified executable into the specified values of the specified outer instance.
returns true if the specified character is a valid character in a name.
returns true if the specified character is a valid id start character.
returns a hash code value for this object.
creates a new command handler enum.
determine if a given type is a floating point type.
invoked when component has been resized.
creates an argument with the given name, description and expected number of arguments.
removes the specified element from the array, starting at the specified index.
removes the given model from the list of models.
reads a map from an input stream.
computes the value of the gamma function of a given number of trials and observed values
called when a nested view is scrolled.
verifying that the number generators for a given set of local instances are deterministic.
adds the given match to the list of applied regions.
resets the table to its initial state.
asserts that a consumer throws an exception with the given message.
returns true if the graph is empty.
asserts that a boolean value is true.
creates a tagkeyvaluemap converter.
post - initialization - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
attempts to retry the request on an exception.
sorts the given file in batch, using the given comparator.
add a directory to scan.
returns the node in which the lowest value is greater than the maximum value, or null if
adds amsdk to an organization.
called when a key has been pressed.
checks if the given string is a hierachic string.
paint a single layer of the given view.
receives a character and stores it into the buffer.
converts an array of bytes into a buffer with the specified byte order.
writes a single byte to an outputstream.
processes the given uri and returns the corresponding uri.
generates a template for the screen on or off utternace.
resets the count to 0.
read a 32 bit integer.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
addissuer ( string name ) method testing.
adds a tag transformation.
returns true if the file has been modified since the given offset.
returns the characters up to the next close quote.
this method is used to read the data from a file.
computes the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors.
checks if db configuration is present.
checks whether a pin contains incomplete characters.
generate the script log alert close window.
returns the best parse for state state " state ", which is the state " state "
parses an xml element to create a dom4j dom4j dom4j object.
calculates the euclidean distance between two points.
description of the method.
pads the given string with the given number of places.
registers an error result code.
adds all the elements in the given set that are contained in this set.
start a video. if the video is not currently running, nothing will happen.
creates a new license locator.
checks whether the given exception is intended by the given class.
creates a new projecttype registry.
add notificationlistener to a mbean.
subtract two positive numbers of different length.
consume all the messages from the topic consumer.
deletes the attributes of a given service.
. security. biginteger # init ( biginteger p, q ) method testing.
returns true if the classnode is a public class literal.
loads the log file for the given license.
creates a new htmlparser using the provided map of key - value pairs.
update a user record.
computes the likelihood of a given doc and tag.
returns a string representation of the object.
checks if is safe mode.
test bulk get / put byte [ ] methods with offset and length.
add an item to the end of the array.
returns true if the user has localized messages, false otherwise.
create a dockerimage from a fully - qualified image name.
listen for notification channel names.
deletes a directory recursively.
deletes all empty folders from the store.
perform an asynchronous sum operation.
write ( int n ) method testing.
parse a document from a string.
checks to see if a journal entry is part of a production copy.
test of a pound symbol in a column name.
decodes an escaped uri string.
wait before next poll.
computes the length of each line of the anno text.
writes an image map to a print writer.
adds a message to the import note.
returns the xml representation of this object.
converts a collection of objects to a list of strings.
returns the minimum of the values in this set of elements that are in the specified iterable.
reads bytes from the buffer and returns the number of bytes written.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
consolidate a list of itemstacks into a single list of itemstacks.
how many days old time ( in milliseconds )?.
checks whether the given string is a valid w3c xml character.
xor for zero and zero.
run the specified consumer on the next request in parallel.
. util. arrays # fill ( char [ ], int, int, int length
adds missing values to a dataset.
insert a list of records in batches.
removes a listener for tab selection events.
create a new connecturimanager.
adds volumes to parking storage group.
converts a string to an input stream using the specified encoding.
has the user chosen to export to pkcs8?.
generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key.
creates a number tick.
returns true if the server is stopper, false otherwise.
log the given message at the given level and add it to the given printstream.
returns if modifier is public.
creates a map of key - value pairs where the key is the package name and the value
append a string onto the stack.
deletes the user from the authenticationinfo object.
writes an error to the log.
removes a processor from the list of processors.
returns the animation type or 0 if it's not found.
append a string onto the vector.
returns true if the given method is contained in the given wrapper methods.
deletes the node from the list of nodes.
called when the user has pressed the update button.
returns a string representation of the object.
checks whether the class is in the classpath.
computes the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors.
returns the batch size.
decodes the given byte array and returns it as an array of bytes.
removes all views from the list that are attached to this view.
add a dataset to the dataset.
receive notification of the end of an element.
create a set of options.
adds the specified child at the specified index in the display list.
computes the minimal sum of all rows and columns of a given grid.
constructs a time object from the given date.
creates a new dnetscapecertificatetype dialog.
minimizes the automaton, returning a new automaton that requires a simple set of initial
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
adds a column to the result set.
checks to see if the number of elements in the vector are nan.
fills the stringbuilder at the given offset.
open for writing to a property file.
calculates kernel value of vectors x and y.
closes the underlying output stream and releases any system resources associated with it.
write a list of files to the given destination.
mark the class definitions as internal.
returns the cosine of the number in radians.
calculates the ss error for the given target attribute.
returns the number of prefixes.
appends the string representation of the charsequence argument to this string buffer.
convert a date time to a timestamp string.
consumes the attribute value.
copies the specified number of bytes from this byte array to a new byte array.
imports a key from the key queue if the key has already been added to the queue.
constructs a new connection group tree.
returns true if the reader contains a single metric, false otherwise.
this method is used to separe meta tags in content.
removes columns from the result set.
reads the service configuration from the service configuration file.
refresh all stored preferences for this preference.
adds a type mirror to the set of inherited types.
multiply histogram by scalar.
adds participants to cache.
converts a map to a json string.
prints the message and the context to the specified printstream.
returns the number of methods in this object.
stores a request id and a key for later retrieval.
save post mni.
go to update the play store page.
creates an element in the given scope.
converts a collection of virtualfile objects to a list of relative paths.
ensures that the system. securitymanager has been set.
get rate from adempiere.
performs a server interaction with a client and a server socket.
creates a unique engine id for the specified port.
parse a set of referential rules.
encrypts the dom document.
adds an issue to this transformation.
inserts the specified node at the specified index in the tree.
calculates ntlm hash of a password.
checks whether the double value is between zero and one.
substitutes the macros in the given string value.
pow ( a, b ) = a * exp ( a * b ) + exp (
splits a class name in camel case.
use an xpath string to select a node list.
creates a new resultentry.
generates xml for discovery.
creates a new instance of basictype for the given type and sql type.
invoked when an action occurs.
apply properties to this parameter definition.
rotates the given subtree to the left.
add a node to the cluster.
check if backup set exists.
convert a string to a list of strings, separated by commas.
writes a string without compression.
parse a set of threshold file.
shuts down the executor service.
converts a drawing point to a view point.
callback invoked when the connection to the server has been established.
adds a descriptor to the set of descriptors for this setup.
compile a progress_success_action in the current thread.
returns a string containing all float numbers concatenated by a specified separator.
put an unsigned byte into the specified bytebuffer at the current position.
returns the number of parameters in the given descriptor.
optimize the given trie and return the new trie.
checks if is all denied.
returns a string representation of the column key.
creates a formatter from the given locale, using the given chronology.
wait for external storage mount.
pushes a node onto the top of this stack.
uploads the local app to the device and installs it.
reads the contents of an inputstream and returns it as a byte array.
uninstalls the given package without removing it from the database.
opens the player's play list, starting at the given position.
sets the names of the builder.
tests stepping backwards through a range with a closure.
returns a bigdecimal with the highest precision allowed, or null if no such precision is allowed
de - serialize a xml document to a dom document.
appends the given parameters to the given url.
send a string to the agent.
apply jms filters to queue and topic.
indexes a tuples by field.
close outputstream without a exception.
adds the given listener to the list of listeners.
returns true if this element is a single attribute container.
creates a new cache span.
opens the given file.
toggle the selection status of the item.
called before the tick ( ) method is called.
map a char value to a byte value.
invokes the produceevent method of the target and returns the result.
if the given name is a built - in keyword, return it, otherwise return the given
adds an issue matcher to this issue matcher.
finds the scope for the given annotatedelement.
reg open key with a security mask.
removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list.
moves the iterator to the previous boundary.
creates a new deferredimage replacedelement.
returns true if this name starts with the given name.
invokeall ( c ) returns result of all tasks in c.
creates a new internal listener.
sign the hash using ecdsa.
constructs a time period.
creates the edit menu.
removes the given listener from the list of listeners.
called to set the current state of the machine.
returns true if this is a bom.
returns true if the object is signed or false if it is not.
parse the given text and return the object.
returns the number of parts in the path.
creates a simple database.
add a filter to the jfilechooser that will be shown when the user selects a
called when the service is stopped.
peeks in the source, returning null if there are no more delimiters.
eliminar usuado de organiza.
add the previous layer to the layers.
shiftleft ( int n ) a negative number, n > 0.
ignorm ( c1 [ 0 ], c2 [ 0 ] ).
find the first non whitespace character.
reads the content of this stream into the buffer.
constructs a new primitive with the given value.
this method will create a set of entries for the tax and any associated reversals for
reads bytes from this file into the given buffer, starting at the given offset.
self method for clearing the time of a calendar.
returns the probability distribution function.
appends the given integer value to the given buffer.
draws the text and text_x, text_y with the given values.
test de busqueda active directory with limit.
handle a key event.
returns a hash code value for this object.
strips the leading period of the given string.
returns true if the given directory is one of the required config directories.
removes empty labels and compacts them.
z rotates the x - axis and the y - axis.
returns the number of nanoseconds since the epoch, in milliseconds.
perform an asynchronous max operation.
creates a new balanced web resource that can be used to connect to a cassandra server.
creates an array signature from the given type signature.
prints the current line to the console.
increases the size of the buffer.
handles the enumerated attribute handling.
returns true if the page is load more.
add a worker to the pool if it's not already there.
removes the node at the head of the frontier and adds it to the explored list
creates a font with the given name, image, cut_off, cut_off,
checks whether the given memory pool is tenured.
returns a simple string representation of the dataset.
executes the callable, but only if it's not evaluated.
add a protocol selector to a proxy.
adds a header to the response.
reads a skel file.
returns the non monogamous samples of the given families.
creates a vao for the scene.
checks whether the given file contains the given content.
load a boolean [ ] [ ] file.
helper method to update the receipt status when the demand is cancelled.
adds an animation to the animation list.
cleans up the discovery for a given storage system.
reads all the words in the file, and returns them as a list of strings.
checks whether the given string exists in the given range.
unwatches all files and subdirectories under the given path.
adds a property criteria.
removes the column with the given name from the table.
checks if the given native guid string exists in the database.
put a string in a byte array.
check query result for hive and hive hive hive hive hive hive table.
atomically updates the current value with the results of applying the given function, returning the updated
close the timer window.
determines whether the given resource should be moved.
converts an array of throwable objects into an array of throwable objects.
creates a new file in the given directory, using the given lock factory.
adds a number of minutes to a list.
recompose the variables of the given element.
invoked when a bound property has been changed.
returns an array of integers sorted in ascending numerical order.
executes an sql update.
do the normal operation of the text.
load hadoop id patterns from jdbc connection.
adds a collection of indices to the end of the search result.
returns true if the cookie is secure.
loads a json stream and returns a list of object models.
creates a multistep expr holder from a vector of paths.
add the word length weights to the quigths of a channel.
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate3 ( ). attempts to update row with foreign key
prunes the exceptional out list for the given block.
returns a spaced version of this string.
parse the content - type header from the given bytes.
run the benchmark without caching.
draw a line from the last point to the given point ( dx, dy ).
parse stdout and stderr into a conflict results object.
send the start of the multipart message to the specified output stream.
add actual amount to actual amount.
returns true if the given character is a vowel character.
print the stack trace of a sql exception to a printwriter.
readdata - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
build a single row of the panel.
adds the given elements to the target elements for this builder.
add a curve to the last point.
divide : rounding mode is round_up, result is negative ; distance = - 1.
open the counter data input stream.
constructs a composite predicate with two clauses.
reads the next word from the tokenizer and returns it as a string.
appends the given string to the given string buffer.
checks to see if the test save location exists or not.
builds the associations from the given data.
replaces the first occurrence of a substring in a string with a new string.
instantiates a new location helper.
add an object to the registry.
returns the first child element with the given name.
main entry point for the html file.
returns the hashcode of the raw string.
tests the functionality of the method, which allows to add all helper text colors, which are
normalizes the values in the given array.
writes a message to a file.
returns a hash code value for this object.
returns a random number between start and end.
writes a file.
called when the configuration has changed.
returns the keymap corresponding to the provided key.
returns true if the given name is a simple name.
massage a uri so that it can be parsed as a uri.
deletes the mapping with the specified key from this map.
appends the full match of the given surface to the given string builder.
starts the processing of the message processor.
return a single row of the array.
removes all non - ascii characters from the given source string.
adds all columns from the current table to the result set.
copy the input stream to the output stream.
check if we have set up the list view adapter and setup the streams drawer.
test of readvalue ( object value ) method, of class simple.
returns a copy of the component, or null if not found.
computes the sum of a zetastatic distribution for a given number of values.
calculate total pending advance for woe.
this method loads the profile of a user.
scroll by increment.
determines whether a symbol needs quoting.
parse the commit counter file.
loads a xml document from a file.
creates a new floating comment node and links it to the current node.
checks if a assignment is hod.
creates a munger for single - label mode for the given languages.
returns an array of statvalue objects that match the specified spec.
assigns the given number of clusters to each cluster.
close the opengl context.
instantiates a new tv show episode scrape task.
save selection for a mini table.
creates a new mlog4j mlog4j object.
cleans up a running build task.
creates a directory in the specified directory.
move the map center to a lat / lon position.
track an event to the telemetry server.
handles the header column pressed event.
creates a list of fixed records with the given count.
adds attributes to this tracked entity instance if not already present.
recompose the attribute sets.
returns a list containing the elements of the given string that match the given regular expression.
deletes the dbffdc for the given directory.
returns the last node in the list.
appends a byte array to the end of the array.
returns the size of a directory recursively.
pan the view provided by this display by the given dx and dy.
verifies that the given object is serialized and recycled.
returns the url of the documentation the reference to this documentation.
returns the mean of the values in the list.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
opens a connection to the specified url.
removes the runnable from the list of messages that should be shown in the debug window.
convert html entity to string.
writes a byte array to the buffer.
unlock user interface.
builds a map of uri to storage systems of the given type.
encrypts a byte - array using aes - cbc 256 bits.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
deinstalls the editor and removes the editor from the list of listeners.
returns true if the transaction is secure.
samples a record from the distribution.
creates a tenant create tenant param.
throw an internal error if something goes wrong.
draws a highlight for the node.
returns an instance of an image encoder for the given format.
apply pinch zoom to imageview.
parses a string option, uses default if option is missing.
returns true if the account is balanced.
increases the capacity of this list, if necessary, to ensure that it has at least the
returns the detail base for the given method.
closes the output stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
acquires the native awt lock.
proxy method for creating a statement.
removes a user from solr.
switch to next setup.
helper method to load client object from oidc authorization request.
add a field property.
parse the no wildcards field.
returns a new baggage environment.
the graphical representation of a series.
listen for a mod log entry.
returns true if the given class name is a valid class name.
initiate a new minute read if the clock is already in sync with the internal clock.
checks if is data collection scan job scheduling.
removes a set of breakpoints from the breakpoint manager.
replaces an existing entry in ldap.
reads an object from an objectinputstream.
adds the specified item at the end of the list.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
creates a new server.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
minimal completionstage ( ) method testing.
write directory post resource to xml file.
trims an array to be exactly the target size.
returns the potion type with the given name.
removes the specified mesh from this renderer.
samples in - place n - grams from a source sequence.
posts a runnable to the event handler.
returns true if this map is closed.
insert think time into the database.
add an instruction to the list of instructions.
increases the capacity of the buffer if necessary to ensure that it can hold at least the specified
removes the given name from the list of names.
reads a collection of json objects from the input stream.
adds a specific entity to the list of hit by swarms.
checks if a checkpoint with the given key exists.
creates an omraster with an imageicon.
copy an input stream to an output stream.
writes the header of the pdf file.
parses a utf - 8 encoded string.
generates the code to unwrap a return value.
formats the given parts into a link.
creates a json object with the specified throwable as a nested cause and source of error message.
fix the utils path to the correct location.
read the patterns from the file.
returns all the files and subdirectories in the given directory.
returns a string representation of this text edit and its children, followed by a newline.
encodes an integer using a variable - length encoding.
removes the given overlay for the given cell.
removes the given foreign key.
inserts the string representation of the int argument into this string buffer.
adds the gefaehrdungs umsetzung to the list of g
normalize the given class path by removing any leading " / " characters and replacing " / "
construct a sequence from the given as object.
pushes an integer onto the top of this stack.
converts the given node to a string.
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate7 ( ). attempts to update row with foreign key
performs a history read.
validate the scheme of the uri.
notifies this thread that any data has been written to the socket.
converts a byte offset into the corresponding physical address.
an internal entity declaration.
checks if the given log name is authorized for the given operation.
returns the next element in the list.
add a list of messages to the queue.
set the rational permission object.
creates a new generic principal.
compares this crl to another.
roll a random number from 1 to 6.
converts a stream of octets into a octets.
creates a new panel object.
returns the height of the marker at the specified index.
consume the given topic from the given group.
computes the distance between two instances.
find the same - as chaining of the given resource.
create triggers and indexes for all tables in the database.
returns the dot representation of the inference context.
resize tables if necessary.
returns true if there is a next inet socket address available.
convert percentile level to x.
extracts the queue name from a database name.
use this symbol for the given type and id in the given context.
returns the angle between the current touch state and the given touch state.
get a 16 - bit integer from the data at the given offset.
removes quotes from the given option and returns the result as a string.
generates the label for a series.
returns true if the given string matches the given pattern.
adjusts the size of the widget based on the current time.
finds the field with the given name and descriptor in the declared fields list.
creates a new instance, based on a date / time and a time zone.
creates a new instance of util.
if there is no field with the specified key, then associate the specified value with the specified
reads the boolean value from the json array for specified index.
auto - boxing the top stack of the method.
opens a pdf file.
main entry point for the launcher from the command line argument.
waits for a match.
constructs a list of signatures for a given set of partitions.
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number.
find the end of a charsequence and return the index of the first non - whitespace character
calculates the horizontal and vertical coordinates of the glyph.
convert a julian day number to gregorian calendar.
removes the first occurrence of the specified element from this deque.
recursively serializes a set of rdf elements to a set of compact rdf elements.
computes the utility table for the given query variable and assignment evidence.
convert a list of strings to a float array.
moves to the next image.
parses the next chunk of data from the stream.
locates the best insertion activity for the given partial route.
writes a short ( 16 bit ) to the target stream.
returns true if the pool manager has been initialized.
this method is called when the user clicks the add button in the activity.
register an extra subject that needs to be restored.
trim all leading and trailing whitespace from a line.
returns the euclidean distance between the two specified points.
appends an instruction to a fmb builder.
returns an iterator over the ordered list.
verify that the given set of domains are not in use.
returns a copy of the given hashtable with only the elements that intersect the given circle.
creates a new instance of test class without calling the given method.
locates and returns the serialization type for the given annotation, or null if not found.
converts an index file from the given input stream to the given output stream.
creates a map from two keys and values.
writes a char array to the output stream and increments the number of characters written by one.
load all the voices for a given voice.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
add an incremental classifier listener.
read a 32 - bit float from the source stream.
generates a set of certificates from the input stream.
checks if files exist on dest but not on src.
convert order expressions for select statements.
tick a block in the world.
updates the purchase details in the database.
configures the message label.
removes all limit lines.
removes all elements from the given stream.
converts a crop region into a metering rectangle that represents the normalized coordinates of the crop region
flushes the output stream.
constructs a vector that is a copy of the components of the specified array.
override the visitor to specify the name of an inner class.
converts a lat / lon value to a pixel value.
returns true if the world file values appear geographic.
store the given register number in the database.
removes the specified session from this session.
returns a string representation of this vector.
returns an iterator over the children of this node.
enables metrics for the server by setting " opt - out " to false in the config file
calculates an hmac message digest using the specified key.
checks whether this builder starts with the specified string.
writes the remaining bytes of the given buffer to the output stream.
return true if the class was loaded from the src / directory.
process the ldif upgrade request.
print progress in human - readable format.
post a close lock on a remote object.
loads a list of positions from the database.
creates a checkbox with the given text and icon.
adds a completed batch to the batch and returns its id.
deallocates the output buffer and releases it if the codec is no longer needed.
creates a jobdefinition that is retryable when a fixed delay has been encountered.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
stores given long value.
creates a minimal split of the given input folder with the given number of folds.
sign the dom document with the supplied alias.
displays the popup. if the popup does not exist, it is created.
creates a new writer.
try to find the best fire plan for the given target.
convert a volume group to rest rep.
post the files specified in args to the outputstream, starting at the specified index.
clear the list of searchables.
add an action listener to the list of listeners.
add count items to the list of itemstack.
returns the order by.
find a axeswverser for a given key in a clone list.
converts a string to a byte array using the specified encoding.
returns true if the given string looks like an abg ( " background " ).
wait for the process to finish.
adds a meta character to the replacement map.
find the next matching item that is less than or equal to max matches.
finds all history objects for the given job.
quote a single character, if needed, return it as a string.
update the set of the elements in the landmarks that are pending to be re - processed
returns a string representation of this object.
draws the indicator for the overflow of the button.
writes a line of values to the file.
returns true if the input stream is a pem stream.
creates a new close listener.
sets the routing of the request.
receive a byte array from a datagram connection and return it as an array of bytes.
deletes the attribute at the given position.
adds the labels for a specific locale to the index.
wraps a key into a byte array, throwing an unsupportedoperationexception if the key is not
instantiates a new plugin loader.
add a separator line to the log.
test if save location exists in external storage.
loads a list of raw modules from the database.
writes the tag and data to the stream.
rounds the given value to the nearest integer.
convert properties to types.
parses the register information node.
creates a new namedthreadfactory with the given name prefix.
verifying that a metric has exactly one byte value.
add a transaction to the end of the transaction list.
sleep for a number of milliseconds before giving a warning.
tests split and join methods of properties.
test verifies that int values are correctly converted to boolean values.
returns true if the bean is busy.
parses a byte [ ] from the input stream.
resets the download bandwidth to its default quality.
tests whether a single security role is correctly merged into an empty descriptor.
decodes a full revision.
removes all child nodes of the given node.
removes the node from the stack, replacing it with the given node, ensuring that the
compute the mix of two frictions.
serializes an object to a json string.
compile the szr method.
returns true if native volume expansion is supported, false otherwise.
updates the gui based on a rosterentry.
returns an oizp of the given number.
returns a copy of this set with the specified size.
returns true if gzip is allowed for this request.
creates a new replay processor.
callback used to show a list of conversations.
reads one octet from the input stream and returns it as an integer in the range [ 0
enqueue a job to the queue.
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number.
receive notification of the beginning of an element.
draws a string to the current font.
reads the specified number of characters.
updates the nonce parameters.
match modified storage pools with all virtual pools in the database.
calculates the fee for a player based on price.
adds the current search history to the search history list.
trims a list of source files to only contain source files that match the filter.
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array, with the given string as a
writes a 16 - bit short.
specifies the order by of the specified fields.
constructs a stemmedstring from original string and stemmed string.
creates a new instance of lognetworkstream merger.
pack an array of ciphers into a single string.
creates a new extension file filter.
ensure the tuples array is large enough.
returns true if the given string is an argument of the form - a - za -
removes all children of the given node and all children of the given type.
lazily set the value at the specified offset.
checks whether the given savepoint is valid.
sets the columns for the given result set in the editor.
writes a collection of strings to a file.
removes all elements from the list.
resets the uid validity.
writes the header of an ogg page.
handle a static site request.
removes a room from the room list.
returns the discharge for the given itemstack and amount.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list in proper sequence.
adds the specified elements at the end of the selection.
returns true if the mode has the given feature, false otherwise.
get backup partitions for a given node.
loads the image from the given url.
build the uri matrix for the pivot transform queue.
convert a digest to a hexadecimal string.
creates a new attributed line bidi.
checks if the caller is a valid caller for the specified package.
paints the background of an internal frame title pane.
add a graph listener.
restart and install all patch files if necessary.
returns a copy of real [ ] [ ] that is the same as pred, but with
check if product is a category.
creates a new instance of allstatstable multi.
append a file to the remote file.
returns a list of white lists.
returns true if the given name is a name that is scoped to the current thread.
creates a new input object.
loads a configuration file.
prints the string representation of the specified boolean field.
renders a list of views in epl format.
removes all database listeners.
loads the audio map from the given file.
add a generic attribute to the list of generic attributes.
add fahrzeit events to a list of fahrzeit events.
returns a new instance of the given provider class, null if it doesn't exist.
checks if uuid is valid.
creates a stream to write to the given channel.
checks if the server is up or down, and if so, cleans up the foreign
write the angle restriction to a stream.
creates a new iv based on the supplied value.
adds a header to the response.
adds a leaf atom to the leaf list.
cumulative density function of the normal distribution.
remove a result by name.
adds a new entry to the filter.
mod for a positive number.
creates a new dviewasn1dump dialog.
aggregate sum of all objects in the result set.
calculates the x axis offset.
called when the activity has finished its work.
runs the write ( ) method on the given file.
returns the given number of days.
creates a temporary file with the given mime type.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
removes the entry at the specified index from the dataset at the specified data set.
runs the read test on the given byte array.
closes given resource logging possible checked exception.
removes from the queue if the specified object is equal to the element in the queue.
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height, and with new
create the arguments for the scheduler command.
adds a solrinputdocument to the analysis request.
performs the next phase of a key, returning the result, or null if no next phase
creates a new empty simple system permission set.
add a curve to the shape.
restores the buckets from the preferences.
reads the next character, advancing the reader to the next non - white space character
accept an offer from the accepted offers list.
verify the signature of the given public key and signature provider.
creates a new activity scope graph.
blocking method that waits until a request is made.
reads a date tag.
removes the listener from the list of listeners who will be notified when the selection changes.
writes the specified number of hexadecimal digits to the socket.
reads the contents of an input stream and returns it as a string.
converts a list of type parameters to a list of maps.
returns the free space for a file or directory.
reads all bytes from the given input stream and close it.
checks to see if within one move is within the given goal.
creates a new penn treebank reader.
unwraps the ss message from a byte array.
close the socket connection.
apply the given row changes to the given options.
normalizes the given namedlist by removing the leading and trailing whitespace.
returns true if the argument is a infinite number.
computes the z value for the inprogress log segment.
adds the given value to the category list.
read all of the data from the input stream until it's empty.
output a doctype declaration.
checks whether the given vector is valid.
returns a url that is equivalent to the given url's base, but with the given
computes the maximum depth of the given layout.
returns an array of urls corresponding to the given path.
adds an array of stack traces to the current stack that will be used as the final item
fire a connection closed event to all listeners.
stores integer value with volatile semantic.
creates a new number strategy.
create a uri from a server set.
creates a plot navigator with the given plot and axes names.
add a column to the table.
creates a new point comparator.
add an element to a dom document.
flushes the internal buffer to the underlying stream.
adds the string representation of the first character in this list.
adds an instance of the given class name.
reads a number of bytes from this byte stream and returns it as an integer in the range
returns true if the window is displayed expecting any components.
processes a tag that indicates that a test has been started.
inserts the character at the specified offset of this styled string.
add a root element to the list of roots.
expands the given tree path to the given element or tree path, starting at the given
appends a new cell to the current row containing the given float value.
creates a new sub - directory tree with the given configuration.
ensures that the canvas has a maximum width and height.
determines whether the given sequence is normalized.
returns a string representation of this attribute.
un - un - escape and return the unescaped version of the given string.
saves the given column entity in asynchronous fashion.
reads a copystate from an input stream.
writes the name to the output before the name is written.
redeem a given token number and service.
lighten a color by a given factor.
convert an operand size to a database string.
returns the file name of the class with the given suffix.
writes the process variable and its children to the process log.
asserts that the qual namespace names are set.
formats the float array d with the specified number format.
pack a string into an array.
removes the given view points.
clear all the listeners from the list of listeners who will be notified when the page changes.
updates the background of the breakpoint condition depending on the current value of the breakpoint condition.
remove a view from the ignored view list.
writes this cacheheader to the given outputstream.
returns true if the resource has expired, false if it hasn't expired yet.
returns the maximum number of values that can fit in the specified number of values of the specified
removes all categories and values from the list.
toggle whether or not the given section is selected.
combines a list of files to a single file.
stops the scrolling of the scroller.
executes the second kahan algorithm.
creates a new response with a fixed - length size.
get the next event without moving the iterator.
replace an endpoint in a url.
makes the okpath.
adds a member value to the pool.
add whitespace to a list of strings.
computes the qualified name of the given widget node.
parses a ftyp atom and returns true if it's major'or'brand '
parses the given string and returns a map of string to string, using the given separator.
deletes the resource at the given url and returns the response with the given expected status code.
calculates the sum of the values that are currently running the sum of the values in the set
returns a shallow copy of this table.
creates a new configuration with the given prefix and key prefix.
converts a set of names to a map of resource names to their display name.
create a new intcolumn.
returns a string representation of the object.
executes a potential work, if possible.
add a bitmap to the queue.
adds a listener to be notified when the server starts.
attempts to read more data from the buffer.
creates a new relation notification.
below method will be used to add new row to store.
returns true if the given host name is the local host or the given domain name.
computes entropy for a matrix.
save working instances to file.
calculate the color based on the position of the bar.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
adjust current block's indent to be the same as current block's indent.
appends the code for this field to the given string builder.
instantiates a new forward planner.
adds a button to a container with the specified alignment.
checks whether the given tag value matches the given attribute in the given attribute set.
returns a string representation of the business object data key.
parses the talk usage json file and returns a usage object for it.
finds an enclosing call with the given name and consumer.
generate an iso image from the properties file.
creates an actionable event.
instantiates a new rational.
removes all notifications of the given type.
unifies the rule from the given atom.
add uuid to ssf node.
returns the object offset for the given field.
returns the xml representation of this object, starting at the specified level.
dispose of the run button.
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array of
shuts down the server and sessions.
returns true if the given string is a valid local id.
binds to a server socket.
checks if thread should be interrupted while waiting for a given node.
resets the output builders for this command line.
writes the carriers to the given file.
removes a resource listener.
test that a manifest with a launcher activity has at least one launcher activity.
inform the user of a similar name.
writes a random header to a file.
returns the vendor for this build.
creates a new voiceresult.
re - treeifies the keys and values in tab.
add a category to the tree.
add a drawer listener.
opens the activity to edit the specified note.
adds a new entry to the list.
hides the action bar if the toolbar auto - hider is set.
returns a string representation of the time delta.
olve p ( x [ i ], y [ i ] ) with a given rate.
collapses newlines from the given string.
restores the state of this object from a stream.
returns the total of the values in one column of the supplied data table.
open a saved analysis file.
this method is called when any of the children have been removed from the beancontext.
performs some processing on the given item.
removes instances from containers that scale down.
draw a normal message.
kills the consist of the current adr.
start listening for incoming connections.
converts a bitmask to a set of flags.
verify the given signature.
add a match string to the match strings list.
returns the time in milliseconds since the epoch, or null if no time was specified.
converts a hex string to a byte array.
tries to stop tracking a job.
returns the coefficient of the variance.
returns a string representation of the distribution.
create a skeletonversion checker.
upgrade an attribute to a new version.
converts a canonical name to a class name.
emits ensures that the specified field is a collection.
unregisters a client from the cache.
handle double quotes inside a resource.
allocate a new container with the specified capacity and padding percentage.
check if the uri represents a local resource.
returns the path of the obb file.
returns true if the zone level resource is a zone level resource.
validates a message, throwing an exception if the message doesn't match the expected type
close both source and target databases.
calculates the md5 checksum of a message.
runs a metastore compare job.
deletes all the sub people containers in this person container set.
test of find recentmessageuidsinmailbox method, of class hbasemailbox.
queue an event to be dispatched to the gl context.
adds an error message to the error messages list.
ensures that the buffer is large enough to hold the specified number of elements.
write a key - value pair with the given byte array.
perform a solrquery and return the result.
returns true if both links have the same amount of frees ; false otherwise.
generates a sanitized id for this user.
removes a provider from the list of known provider numbers.
parses an xml element and returns the corresponding object.
returns formatted money as a string.
delete an instance of the entryclass.
read the script settings from the database.
logs a warning message.
reads the contents of an inputstream and returns it as a string.
constructs a vector of the given size, using the given preset values.
removes the given plugin from the list of ts listeners.
isorts a float array and stores it into the float array at a specified level.
tests whether a particular session node is a consistent model class.
called by the mapbean when the object is added to the map.
removes all layers from the map.
returns the number of productions in this rule.
asynchronously create a full path, optimistic.
write the object to a stream.
compares this object with another object for order.
creates a new reflectiveattribute.
processes the given event and displays it in the gui.
removes a membership listener.
adds a message to a uri using the given settings.
present the scene with the present texture.
return the next day of the calendar.
binds the angular object to a remote object registry.
removes all elements in the given list that are in the given indexes.
creates a new tree model object.
determine if the expression represents an object.
perform interpolation based on the current zoom time and the number of milliseconds elapsed since the last call
auto request mods for all channels.
returns true if this step contains the given value.
renames a file.
handles error violations by calling exitstatus ( ) and calling exitstatus ( ).
removes the specified sensor from the selection.
prints a way to the map.
returns a string representation of the array.
returns the full path of the given managed object.
returns true if there is a proxy with the same index as the next proxy.
returns true if no object was clicked on.
returns the hash code of the object.
sets the measurement mappings for the builder.
extract a zip file to a directory.
creates a new configuration from the given file.
creates new goto line dialog.
send the request to the server.
parse more data from an encoded image.
test the simple app. it will correctly ping the server if it's not up.
returns the length of the filled text.
compares this prefix with the given object.
notifies that the device has device lock on this device.
checks whether the given key - value pair exists in the visited post.
removes the given listener from the list of listeners who will be notified when the diagram changes.
returns a grid object that has the given key that is closest to the given range of cell
strips leading slashes from the given string.
clears the host context.
constructs a new p - value pair with the given value.
starts the display of the chart and displays it.
accept a chart event.
copies the ranges of this set into a number of ranges of another.
creates and starts a tailer for the given file.
is operating system mac?.
returns the number of values in this set.
creates a new dviewcrl dialog.
trims all whitespace from the right of a string.
add an object to the fifo.
dispose of the menu if it has been disposed.
returns the signed distance between this point and p_point.
expands the given number string as a real number.
fill an array with ones.
submit a permission request.
test of setting a property on a deployable.
creates a new instance of this class.
creates a new delete - command for a set relation.
removes all cycles from the graph matrix.
returns a string representation of the given matrix.
finds the first ancestor element that matches the given pattern.
kills the process.
encodes the contents of a charbuffer using the utf - 8 encoding algorithm.
creates a metrics object from a map of dimension names to their values.
resolve a class from a location.
checks if the given point is contained in this entity.
adds a byte array to the buffer.
returns whether to use anti - alias.
below method will be used to load the level file.
validates a zero - long file.
writes the tag to the given stream.
applies the given mask to the given value.
computes the total duration and adds it to the total duration.
try to read the nitf header from a binary file.
get the screenshot as a buffered image.