returns the depth of the current node ( if any ).
compute the union size of two bitsets.
handle closing of the model.
return a description of the classifier.
returns the union of this sector and the specified sector.
compares the absolute value to the double.
integer value of a positive bigdecimal.
walk ( starting at the specified depth ), starting at the specified depth down to the end
get a sorted array containing all column values for a given tuple set and field.
divide : throws illegalargumentexception if divide throws an illegalargumentexception.
called when the bounds of the given dataset changes.
initialize the scheduler as a library, and set the scheduler location.
returns true if the type is a string type.
validates if the sql statement is valid.
converts to object array.
is this logger instance enabled for the finest level?.
checks if the player should use the missile.
instantiates a new tcp matcher.
determines the max levels of the tree from the given node v.
requests to reenter your pass code confirmation.
adds a worker to the set of workers that failed to start.
insertfunctionalitytest # testinsert4 ( ). inserts multiple rows using union all.
saving of map entry to disk.
receive notification of the end of an element.
send atf message.
delete all leaves with this name.
returns a string representation of the array.
check whether a given string is valid in a given component, taking into account some generous
removes a previously registered virtual - machine shutdown hook.
bounds the current scroll if necessary to return true.
waits for the volumes in the request to be visible.
starts additional services that are required to run the oauth2 service.
updates the view in the indicator repository to reflect the current element.
paints the image on the window.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied
it checks if the name is prefixed ( contains the character':').
release any connection used by this engine.
adds a collection of actions to the quickactionview.
add a simple series renderer to the renderer list.
copies stream, fires progress events by listener, can be interrupted by listener.
calculates the needed angle for a given value.
returns the buffer to the caller.
creates a new instance.
concatenates two charseqs.
handles the http get request.
notifies that the state of the listener has changed its state.
test for getcpsorder ( ) method.
formats and logs a message with a throwable.
constructs the redis key used to store the queue in redis.
convenience method for decoding a string using a specified charset.
adds domain name to the list of restricted domains.
create a new instance.
cannot know from blackbox test if is auto increment.
copy the contents of the given byte array to the given outputstream.
check if the list box has no items.
draws one frame at a time.
check to see if a string is a valid ncname according to [ 4 ] from the
appends the specified message to the end of this list, and increases the size of the list
prepare the dataset required for running test cases.
returns an array of proxyregistrar objects.
check that the specified value is a valid object name value, and return true if not throw
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
removes all recurrence rules from the instance.
copy nodelist members into this nodelist, adding in document order.
this method need to be implemented in order to refetch data within the last 10 minutes.
creates a new documenttype qualified the qualified name of the document with public id and system id
returns the stored values as a byte array.
returns the first enum constant found in the specified style name, or the default value if no
call hlempeg2 next avc metadata for a video stream.
takes a set of exportmask uris, creates a map & lt ; uri, exportmask
inserts the object into this array at the given index.
write a component without a scale.
caches a document and adds it to the document tree if it was previously cached.
updates the progress with the new progress label if the previous progress label is different.
copy a input resource to a output resource.
fade an audio file.
this method will be called when the bottom edge of the bottom edge of the list is drawn
load properties from a class.
add zero to zero.
this method updates the gps details.
indicates if the given cell consumes the given event type.
read a single character.
this function is used to plot the y axis and its breakdown with value labels. uses
returns the maximum delta.
print a file to the console.
extends the alternative groundings with the alternative groundings.
consumes the next token from the pattern and returns it.
order by table types, but doesn't order by table type.
this method is used to update the cache with the new file / channel name.
removes a listener from the set of listeners.
changes a field signature to a regular expression.
adds the request body parameters to this body.
returns the annotation class name of the " annotation ", i.
returns whether a particular resource is available for the purposes of supporting ar ( i.
create a electronic text service.
creates a new pattern guard expr.
compute the intersection of two line segments.
method which removes the specified object class from original set and returns the set of object classes that
get unix timestamp ( number of milliseconds since epoch ).
indicates whether the entry is a pdf page or not.
draws the background of the grid to the canvas.
opens a stream to an entry in the jar.
unpacks the compressed character translation table.
this method will be called when some tmp files are copied.
returns common pool queue for an external submitter.
checks if the given attribute is a private field.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_up, result is positive ; distance = -
converts unicode character codes to unicode escapes.
loads the unit types from the specified inputstream.
calculates the radius of the selector.
determines the width of this view.
test bulk get / put byte [ ] methods with byte [ ] methods.
called when a new row is added to the database.
parser for a local number.
transforms multiple paths with all values into one pixel.
decodes'%'- escaped octets in the given base64 string.
ensures the player is in a valid state.
item will slide from top of the screen to its natural position.
constructs a new mutable biginteger from the given mutable biginteger.
handle request sent with a wrong binding.
creates a new checkpoint manager based on the data in the given input stream.
load from the store.
returns the liveness of the query.
insert value to map.
returns the minimum dimensions the target container can use to lay out the components it contains.
selects the item at the given position in the list.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
ignorable whitespace. for this method to be called, the document must have some way to
waits for the editor to be active.
searches for the solution with the largest objective in the population and returns it with the largest objective
convert latitudem values to y values.
register the callback handler. this method sends notifications to the server, and then starts polling thread
parses a property list from an input stream.
computes the score for the current sample.
creates a new instance of grammaticality estimator, using a given set of documents for
check if zone link between two strings.
check that all values in the array are valid, and throw an exception if not.
processes the connection events.
gets the percent of values that are in the specified range.
quiet closing of a closeable object, ignoring any resulting exception.
release lucee page context.
adds a new event listener to this transaction.
returns true if redundant rebuild is required since this journal was created.
utility method to convert a string to a byte array.
obtain a properties instance by loading the properties from the given classpath resource.
two graph objects are equal if they have the same identifier.
parses a name value pair.
pull to refresh scroll.
return the mappingobject at the line and column.
parse the velocity template file and return the content as a string.
calculates the main diff algorithm.
creates a new instance of repository.
counts the number of tokens in the string.
indexes a single document.
reset the common components of this element.
handle an exception that occurred during startup.
reads the default serializable field values for this beancontext, followed by the beancontext's
paint the arrow in enabled state.
writes a message to the log, indicating that a method throws an exception.
convert a negative bigdecimal to biginteger.
this method is called when the accuracy of the sensor is changed.
indicates whether the command allows trailing arguments.
setmaxcrl ( biginteger maxcrl ) method testing.
if this is the popup trigger, this method shows the menu.
removes the given task from the list of tasks, and interrupts all threads.
. math. bigdecimal # divide (. math. bigdecimal,.
ensures that the given path exists in the acl.
override loadclass to load a class.
determines the height of this view.
checks if the list child under x and y is clipped.
creates a new rules object for the given workspace.
writes a byte array to a file creating the file if it does not exist.
add a new item to the adapter.
checks if there are any pending messages to be processed during discovery.
determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numbers in the message starting at the
parses the current node and returns the number of elements added.
calculate the height multiplier of an image * property that needs to be done in order to achieve
ensure that numeric field values are properly written.
close the cache loader, writer, eviction controller, without notifying listener.
static version of indexof, to allow repeated calls without needing to re - acquire array each
populate profiles combo box.
check the header of the log file.
absolute value of component.
map alg2 oid to supported oid.
provide reflective behavior to construct instance of generator given an array of string arguments.
refills the input buffer.
overridden so we can exit when mouse button is pressed and released.
add a module to the list of modules to load and register its services.
determines whether there are all tables in the database.
classifies the sequence of the given features using the current context's instance.
binds the header viewholder at the given position to an empty list.
updates the selected states of the line and vertical lines.
draws a rectangle of given half width and half height, centered on ( x, y )
re - measure the loading views height, and adjust internal padding as necessary.
replaces the split element at the given index.
called to start adding an item to an item list.
splits the given number of records.
invoked when the mouse has been clicked on a component.
scans the source directory for a list of source files to excludes, and returns a list of
check if there are still routes that need to be postponed.
return whether this panel has a single element.
construct from uri.
reads a xml element attribute ans cast it to a int value.
returns the remainder of'reader'as a string, closing it when done.
add a single getter for the given property name.
callback invoked when a new entry is used.
default method - returns " success ".
excises tokens on the state left.
registers implementing class of the signaturealgorithm with algorithmuri.
loads key value persistence settings from the specified settings file.
returns true if the input sequence contains a word breaking character.
checks to see if any of the segments intersect.
removes the first occurrence, starting at the specified index, of the specified object.
chain a unary operator into a unary operator ( that is not a unary operator followed by a
sets up cdc column specs if needed, i.
for example : - int foo ( string [ ] ) is ( [ l / lang
generate a random secretkey.
ensures that a boolean expression is not true.
execute sql with case sensitive check.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
refreshes the done button text.
create the migration task editor.
expand the buffer to the index i.
converts an ip address to an integer.
closes a cursor and removes it from the map.
checks if there is another gser value to parse.
generates the instruction to push the given integer on the stack.
convenience method to create an xml node.
adds the specified element at the specified position in the list.
notify the listener that an mqtt failure has occurred with the connection to the server.
transform a source to a stylesheet using the default handler of the stylesheet.
splits the input string based on the default delimiter.
reads as much data as possible without blocking.
this method is used to remove an obigation from an obigation set.
clips the view on the right to the specified bounds.
create a new content object representing a compound package of the given type.
checks whether the coverage is valid.
searches for all values in the string ( ignoring whitespace ).
returns the first index of an element in an array, ignoring elements that are not in the
appends a single value to a list.
compares this certificate to another object for equality.
appending a between clause between two objects.
encode a string into a byte array containing one or more dataoutput buffers.
compute a value histogram from a geo time serie instance.
computes the weights for the given node and all its children.
instantiates a new searcher.
adds a field to be returned in the query.
combines two completion stages using the provided function.
builds the create schema statement.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
creates a new instance of streaminfomanager.
convert the conjunction of words into a sentence.
returns true iff the word is a pronoun.
output the sql type for a short.
breaks a string to multiple strings.
write all modified favorites to the data stream.
update the rolling average.
gets all error messages for which the payment product was created and altered.
create empty state.
creates a new cryptoresult.
invoked when slider state is changed.
parse a delimited list of strings.
sets up and low bound components and adds them to the panel.
returns true if the window is running, false otherwise.
creates a default mosaic definition.
generate a result based on the clauses and relation.
trust all https certificates.
checks if the uicomponent is in need of the form.
add the listeners to the cb distribution.
returns the " safe " square root of the argument.
runs callable callable objects in multiple threads.
append a character to the buffer.
initializes the owner references for the field.
build a query that will return the union of a set of columns derived from a set of
constructs a node at a given location.
increases the accuracy by one.
revert to version 1.
concatenate all the arrays into one.
create a tag value iterator over a line.
ascend the current tree.
returns true if data can be read from the file.
writes array of bytes to the buffer.
called when an item has been dismissed.
normal distribution pdf of mean value.
sorts an array of objects using the specified comparer.
add a zoomlistener to the listener list.
clears the set of implicit defuse registers held in the given instruction.
fires when an annotation was selected - take action to sync subordinate tables if any.
authenticates the received server evidence message and saves it only if correct.
extracts the text from the rtf document, skipping any leading or trailing characters.
removes a service from the list of services to be managed.
returns a string reference to an attribute or null if none exists.
create a new escaped writer.
returns true if the cookie has expired according to the time passed in.
compress the view hierarchy and add a record to the album.
this method is called by the proxy to check whether the method signature is the same as args
remainder of division of equal numbers.
resets the state of this object and returns this object.
\ brief distance ( a, b ).
check the version and the hosts.
converts a string to lower case.
create a negative number from a sign and an array of bytes.
create a opus comment.
check that a given pair of property names matches the expected values.
return number of elements in array.
converts the given string to upper case.
return an iterator over the set of rules that require at least one edge.
unlocks the given lock state.
creates and returns a string formatted so it will fit in a docbox.
converts the number string to two - digit.
adds a new drop item to the list.
finds a list of entities by their primary keys.
loads the workflow, creating a new workflow object and storing the newly created workflow object in the
returns the hash code value for this object.
removes the specified tag from the list of tags.
verifies the given secp256k1 signature in native code. calling when enabled =
deletes the web - app directory.
asserts that the iterators in the specified array are in the same sequence of elements but
formatting the finished percentage based on the status of the rollout group.
generates the host name based on vm name and host id.
transfers all data from one file to another.
takes an expression and unwraps it.
method to check if all segments of the dataset are present in the piechart.
draws a random event time difference between the two intervals.
creates the lines for the given text.
returns the square root of the argument.
calculate the set of transitions between two resultpoints.
convert a number into a bit string.
encodes a byte array with the specified bit set and url safe characters.
create a tokenizer that parses messages based on the given text.
wait until controller is stopped.
checks if the translation cache is empty and if so, loads it.
creates a new navmouselistener.
adds a new event to the queue.
stops the named timer.
returns the summary as string.
create a directory in the system's default folder for temporary files.
draws a horizontal span across the graph and optionally adds a legend.
select also all items belonging to any connectionable items of the current selected items.
create an inewinstance using the specified settings.
removes from the list of nodes any that cannot be parents of x given the background knowledge.
configures our configuration from a properties file.
open a new database connection.
a simple implementation of the addrelations method which presents the general concept of the method
creates a list of all ports that are reachable from the switch, and removes all other ports
sleeps for the specified time, halting the current thread.
verifies that the write set does not contain any entries.
calculates entropy of given masses.
utility function to check to see if a string is a valid nmtoken.
parse a double value from a string.
puts a string into the buffer.
add a rtcp event listener.
creates a new array of the given size if necessary and copies the data into the new array
an error has occurred in the parsing of a key = value pair.
connects the specified file descriptor to the specified network address and port.
returns true if the specified node is a whitespace node.
creates a new panel object.
parse the header and return true if successful. < p > if access is set to an
forget a spring from the registry.
returns the name of the underlying file.
parses a string containing an n - triples - b value, creates an object for it
resets the psr list.
sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order.
closes the popup window and removes it from the list of opened popups.
free a previously saved object.
expand the view vertically to the size of the crosssize ( considering the size of the view
convert hexadecimal string representation of an ipv6 address into an inetaddress.
track a failure callback.
reads a double ( 64 bit ) from the source stream.
checks if the provided bar is at maximum visible amount.
returns true if the queue starts with the specified sequence, or false if the queue is empty
parses the given properties file, creates the map tile set and adds it to the database.
computes the result for a double input value.
enables paning on the specified adapter.
returns a distance between two points.
creates an url that follows the given protocol, host, port, file, and stream handler
return a workflow. method for createvolumes.
construct a filecommandinfo object from the specified file descriptor, the specified command, result and
flip all widgets in manual.
sets up ssl trust all certs for the given urlconnection.
return the probe's next sample.
retrieves the form data for the user code.
test for correct error handling for a mission with an empty name.
determines equality between this instance and an other instance of zonerules.
release all resources held by this instance.
close any pending intents registered with this receiver.
scans the given class paths looking for files starting with the given prefix and appends them to the
getinstance ( string, string ) method testing.
reloads the configuration parameters from the server.
removes a messageprocessor from the list of running processors.
construct the issuer from the supplied x509certificate.
add the edge matchers to the given set.
put a byte array as a byte array.
convenience method to return a string array as a delimited string.
removes all of the mappings from this map.
get a compierecolor from a string with attribute values.
returns a new luastate with the current index in the array and adds it to the
check the memory preamble size.
reads a byte of data from the filtered input stream and returns it as an integer in the
limits the clip to the given points.
shutting down the thread pool.
converts collection of host names to collection of inet addresses.
removes new line characters from string.
calculate counters for feed and categories.
output html markup for the specified character.
loop through each of the columns in the current table to migrate as relation or as resource.
this method retrieves the row count of a table.
creates a new jar modifier.
adds an attribute at the end of the list.
associate the given value with the specified key.
sort a part of an array using the most efficient sort algorithm.
return true if this instance represents a server transaction, false otherwise.
adds a marked occurrence highlight to the map.
fully read in len's bytes of data into buf, or up to eof, whichever
validate the given assumption.
adds a set of catalog directive to the shopping cart.
add a frequentitemset to the list.
skips the data from the peek buffer.
a method the creates the workflow method for removing volumes from a vplex consistency group.
displays a prompt for " urls ".
convert the event to a mouse event handler.
computes a regular expression that matches a source name and a destination name.
generate a call identifier.
parses a hour value from a pattern.
gets the history command from the history menu.
substitute a substitution to a set of original types.
gets all known transports.
returns the seconds until idle lockout.
return a list of hive databases.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
get the cumulative power - of - two field where the f is the power of two.
base64 decodes the given string and returns the object.
copies the contents of a searchdocument to another searchdocument.
creates a new svd with the given matrix.
unlock version generation for clear.
create a new ( empty ) unicast reference.
returns the last index of the specified element in the array.
writes the wave file from the byte buffer.
get the mod direction of two numbers.
max ( biginteger val ).
function used to stop code that calls acceptdataset.
called to set the offsetgrabpoint to the current mouse location, and update the offsetgrab
writes float values from the given float array, starting from the specified offset, to the current
tests to see if the cidr with the given prefix and cidr mask are within the given bit
accessed via reflection. do not remove.
checks the cookie value against the current cookie and returns the score or 0 if cookie is not
use the native file dialog on the mac because the swing one is bad.
creates this item label using the passed arguments as arguments.
fully read the contents of the given inputstream and close it.
parses a sql statement to create a parsed sql statement with named parameters.
writes a long at the specified offset from this native object's base address.
called when an action result is received.
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt. hashpw ( ) method.
this method checks if the supplied key is a valid key.
converts a string ( number ) into a string ( sign bit ).
run an init script ( sql ) on the given url.
given start and end indices, parse string value as an int.
prints an object to standard output and then terminates the line.
check that the given array is a real number.
initializes the buttons of the keyboard.
is window auto new.
finds the relative path from the given file path to the specified directory.
releases all leaking resources so that they can be reused.
andnot for two negative numbers ; the first is longer.
generate a random string of the specified length.
instantiates a new exchange rate manager.
removes an attribute from the list.
evicts a previously saved entry.
is the exception a unique contraint error?.
creates an exception with the specified detail message.
add the columns and rows to the filler components for table constraints.
inserts the used context prefixes.
increments the put time accumulator.
precompute the hash of all bloom filter bloom filter.
gets the elevation at a given latitude / longitude.
factory method for observed objects.
removes all children from the given container.
saves the initial child state for a given component.
checks, if this item and its end contacts overlap.
ensures that the given value is not null.
read an arraylist from an inputstream containing xml.
adds padding to the end of a string with a repeating character if the string's length
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names.
called when a task has completed withing the send buffer.
add the preferences button.
removes all unused keys from the cache.
create grid fields for this table.
constructs a shortinterleavedraster with the given samplemodel and databuffer.
this method will be used to copy the carbon data file to the local store.
fling backward a selector, so the scrollable list can be sorted by title.
converts a string to a double value, ignoring any exceptions.
adds a listener object that is notified about changes in the content.
check if feature is stable.
calculates the approximate width and height of a text, depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls
invokes perform defaults ( ) and verifies that all required attributes have been set.
get a string representation of the content at the current position.
write an image, x / y placement with an imageicon.
this method gets called when the slider changes state, either as a result of changing the slider
writes string content to a file.
returns true if the given url represents a file or otp url.
updates the relay status in the current status map.
convert an oid in a string to an array of ints.
lists all server instances belong to a site.
creates an instance of the editor dialog.
returns true if the styledlayerdescriptor contains in - line features.
reads all the bytes from the input stream and returns them as a byte array.
provides a mechanism to run a finalization script on the virtual machine.
display all string defined in font textview.
check if http request is valid.
adds a foreign key constraint.
this method is called when the activity is first created.
pushes a notification to the topic.
appends a json encoded key / value pair to the given string builder.
update current configuration from resource.
deselects the given item at the given index in the receiver.
return true if this node is a leaf, false otherwise.
add a listener to be notified about changes in the visual coverage object.
two objects are equal if they have the same hash value.
parse a vector based on the contents of a string.
calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the specified stream.
constructs a new session wrapper.
issue a batch request and return the response.
get the program directory.
removes all sensors from this sensor control unit.
returns the keystore type that corresponds to the given string.
put the mapper at the next level stack, returns the previous one.
converts a hexadecimal character to an integer.
serializes the pods as json.
load the key store from the specified file with the given password.
remove a property change listener.
returns true if precaching is enabled for the given context.
ands the two bitsets together, in left - to - right order.
tests this entry for equality with an arbitrary object.
check if lockdown profile is valid.
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified.
creates a from clause consisting of streamone, stream_2, and stream_2 -.
decodes ansi x12 segment, returning the decoded value.
creates a kdb database from raw inputstream.
decodes an add operation.
sorts this vector in increasing order.
rebuilds the panel's media files.
decompresses data to prepare for next row.
returns the absolute path of the given file.
move to next page.
returns null input stream, which can't be null.
get the types as a list.
adds a string representation of the rules to the batchlist as " delete rules " statements.
returns true if the given element has been visited by the user.
creates a new aws iotconnection.
creates a future that is synchronously completed exceptionally.
initializes the forecast errors.
checks the modifiers of the given event.
emit a list of retained variables.
constructs a new uri with the given scheme, path, query, and fragment parameters.
returns the list of structured translation in the given direction.
reads a single character from this reader and returns it as an integer with the two higher -
check if snapshot full copy is supported.
returns an immutable list of the services in this registry.
strip code value sentences from a string.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_even, result is negative ; distance = -
quantiles ( = inverse cumulative density function ) of a normal distribution.
validates a signed data with a given signature.
returns number of elements in sequence.
tests whether a servlet run - as role is correctly added to the descriptor.
subtract two numbers of the same length and different signs.
creates a new multi - term query matching the given field.
prints the message supplied as a line to the console.
accumulate this entity.
test invalid xml gpx document.
this will return a string representation of this charseq.
returns true if member2 is an accessor pair for member1 and member2.
create a dateformat that will return a utc time with the default timezone.
write a kml record to the linked kml file.
returns the full path to the destination.
refresh users or groups list from server.
creates new instance of bootpanel.
returns an empty list of headers with default date format.
clear all par parts in the current scope.
puts a new request in queue as a new thread in pool to be executed.
registers a new client by adding it to the list of clients.
parses the data from the supplied inputstream, using the supplied baseuri to resolve any relative
parses the date value using the given date formats.
removes the element at the specified position in this array.
searches for loops in the code that follow the given predecessor edge, creating a new map
creates file containing the hive test files.
renames an editor panel.
fits the formula at the given position as a single line if the width of the column is
hook method just before the test, but just before the test.
convert virtual point coordinates to world coordinates.
replaces the target string with the replacement string.
encodes a given string for use in an http url.
draws an image, applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing.
skips to the end of the current line.
creates a new indtestcramert instance for a subset of the variables.
announce seeds from a file to the adapter.
format milliseconds to a readable string.
add a propertychangelistener for a specific property.
creates a new folder with a default folder name.
add a typed array to the config.
add a sub - action to the main queue.
fills the entry tree from the tree.
check if the left collection contains one of the right collection.
asserts that the requested duration is in the specified minimum or maximum.
logs the operation history.
add a new image to this image.
creates a new instance with the media type and the current time.
initializes the hashtable with only one argument.
compute linear frequency from linear frequency.
create a new roundedicon generator.
generate a byte array of the given size using the seeded random bytes.
for debugging, this returns a description of the histogram.
copies a byte array into the message at the given position.
check to see if this lease is old enough to be expired so that it should be removed
put a key / boolean pair in the jsonobject.
writes an attribute with the given name and value.
handles the selection of an item.
check if we can invoke this task.
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream.
get all the bytes of data as byte array.
starts fading out all layers.
pack modified first fit descending map operation.
register a text change listener.
can be used to iterate over all profiles.
checks if the string starts with a space character, false if the string is empty or contains
wrap the given path with the'/'prefix so that it can be used in the
convert key to level 0.
called when the mouse is dragging a graph.
initializes the caching http headers filter.
adds an xml component to the common component list.
spins / blocks until node s is fulfilled.
load the generalsubtrees information into the table.
reads a single character.
checks if ping is disabled.
writes a string to a file.
makes a tree of writables.
computes the angle between two points.
create a new in memory cursor with the given column names.
checks if is enabled.
draws the foreground if necessary.
creates a new transaction and sets the transport to this.
start getting sensors data.
exports an object and returns its identifier.
creates the dbffdc directory.
reads a character sized string from the given stream.
iteration over children of a query tree.
initializes the tip messages based on the current osx state.
creates a new persisted queue.
write an array of strings to a stringbuilder.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied
creates a new request configured to post an open graph action to the facebook.
hide content and show the progress bar.
read in external representation for bloom filter.
computes the mad for a array of doubles.
constructs a new sdpexception when the codelet needs to throw an exception and include a
links the given node to the first node in the list.
notifies the listeners about a bound property.
indicate if a read or write operation is required to indicate a dirty read.
create a new jvalueslider.
apply the additional graphic attributes to the symbol.
increments the idle count.
instantiates a new remote service descriptor.
read a journal from the old state.
starts the server and waits for it to die.
this always returns true because it is not supposed to be.
encode a string using the supplied parameters.
writes ints from the given int array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position
adds a http header.
updates the ui properties.
generate to source of the class.
submits a new task to the executor pool.
checks if the given bucket name is valid.
validates the user namespace authorization create request.
format a given object.
calculates the derived statistics ( signifying correlation ).
determines whether a consistency group can be deleted.
close the given resource quietly.
attempts to receive a message from this receiver, waiting for messages to be delivered to the receiver
removes the range from the list.
refills the input buffer.
cleans up the bucket and all it's files.
add the criteria to the ored criteria.
releases all selections selected by the user.
create a hub link mapping table for the given file name.
delete a receive load name that the track will either service or exclude. see setloadoption
validate the compute name for the given vm name.
create an xml string from an array tag value.
removes the argument value at the given index in the list and returns the index. if the
replace an existing policy in the resource tree.
creates a new atomicdoublearray of the given length.
this method copies the content of srcfile to destfile.
recompute the separation of cluster means.
creates a square image of the given input image.
handles a lost entry request from the server.
write start tag with the specified local name.
adds a process interaction listener.
replaces the first instance of the search string with the replace string throughout the builder.
stores the given byte in the specified index of the array.
create a new config object.
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt. hashpw ( ) method.
draws the description at the top of the screen.
parses the long representation of a file in the system's default free space.
finds the interlanguage link for a given language, if present.
updates the action status for the address space depending on whether the option " load address space "
take a publisher and prepare to consume it on parallallism number of'rails '
cleans a directory recursively on jvm exit.
add a gumball to the game view.
puts the object into the recycle bin at the given index, ensuring that it is the
deletefunctionalitytest # testdelete6 ( ). deletes all referencing rows and then
create a channel to be used for filtering on a topic.
changes the size of this point.
inserts a row into the blob output.
adds default uri to list of uris.
transfers data from a string range.
computes the perpendicular distance between two points.
returns a copy of this number.
runs the test case.
returns the patch fix ids for the directory server.
see the general contract of the read fully method of datainput.
returns true if the device is running on a jellybean device ( or later ).
constructs the partial correlation pdf of n and k.
checks if is enabled.
validates the key file.
adds an action listener that fires an event when the server response code is received.
calculate the log likelihood of the current state.
returns true if there are dead states from the initial state.
subtracts two money objects.
checks whether this edge is equal to the given object.
skips the specified line and returns the start of the line.
list volumes, create or update the target ssl certificate.
converts a base64 encoded string to a bytebuffer.
step the progress. if progress is already starting, progress is calculated accordingly. otherwise progress is
load the raw characters from the input stream.
creates a new instance of signature faking oracle.
creates a new arbitrary - length path node.
adds a listener for changing wheel contents.
scan yaml directive number.
tobitstring - returns a string representation of the int [ ].
converts the 16 - bit samples from the buffer to a signed 16 - bit sample format.
check if the token is valid.
writes an attribute with the given name and value.
expands all entries in the tree.
describe the vocabularies of the vplex distribution.
invokeany ( c ) throws nullpointerexception if c has a single null element.
create an action object for signaling the sub table.
generates a list of xvals.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
put the service under the given attribute value for the given defining class and field, if it
creates a new decoder that decodes the specified uri.
this function will take a color value and convert it to a cmyk color.
shows an error message box to the user.
parses a name value pair with the given parser.
removes all characters which are in string bag from string s.
returns the trigonometric cosine of the specified angle in radians.
destroys this activity and all fragments.
remove a vetoable change listener from the beancontextchild interface.
does a file exist?.
create a windowsfileattributes from a win32_file_handle.
flatten a map into an xmlserializer.
fires an event programmatically.
returns true if the given entry is a full entry for a given query.
determine whether the given resource represents a module.
write annotation to current section.
converts an ipv4 address into an unsigned long.
determines whether a given revision contains a given template name.
retrieves all account info requests from the given start date.
returns a new string list consisting of the elements of this string list plus the given strings.
walks the part of the parse tree.
read a single character.
compare two dates considering truncating them.
split a word based on the min word length.
returns true if the url is to a book search url.
returns the path out of the given class name, i.
removes the given title prefix.
send a message and wait for replies.
private helper method to check if the service is relevant.
tests for equality, taking into account nulls.
search for car by road number.
convert class name to slashed classname.
p - empirical prior. in the multi - label case, the upper and lower
finds an existing location or creates a new location if needed requires location's name creates a
this is called when the object is closed.
remove pending oma downloads from oma download info store.
checks if android sdk directory is in local properties file.
check the bundle has the token information.
reset all stored policy settings.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied
power of x and y values of the given vector2.
invokes the specified parameterless method if it exists.
load a prototype undump from a stream.
add a button to the panel.
adds a request matcher to the matcher's response source pair.
commit to input field ( if any ) for this sensor assignment.
this function splits the given string into multiple strings.
insert a twin instruction into the gcirmap.
returns a new instance of this class.
create a new format parser.
converts an iterator to a string, separated by a separator.
check if the list is full.
schedules a save task.
this variable needs to be read if any of it's subsidiary variables needs to
reacts to the navigate to prior demo.
returns a textual description of this matrix.
casts a int to a integer.
verbose log message with printf formatting.
save the indexes of the indexes table to disk.
get the match distance from the closest matching bitap in meters.
if deltay > 0, move the content down.
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one.
undoes an insert command from a string.
obtains the string representation of this object.
this method sends the data, blocks until all data has been sent.
copy the contents of the given reader to the given writer and then close the reader.
check to see if any zookeeper bookies up after timeout.
applies the inverse transform to src coordinate to dst coordinate.
asserts that the given closure fails when it is evaluated and that a particular exception can be
send a plain text packet.
process an attribute string of type t_ yesno into a boolean value.
load rma keys.
this method will search list of wo's for the given criteria and eligible to be
constructs a new week, based on the contents of a date / time and time zone.
creates a new resource queue.
encodes the given subject and signature.
schedule a periodic task.
abbreviates this string to a new string.
stop the wrap test.
checks whether the given row index is valid.
helper method called to empty all shared symbols, but to leave arrays allocated.
determines the strength of an enemy blitz here.
creates a new name containing the additional lower - underscore characters concatenated by the identifier.
parse date string to local date time.
return the string describing this player.
checks if the given character is a white space.
removes the given requestfilter to the list of filters for this channel.
removes the classifiers at the given indices.
add a property change listener.
the number of checkpoints in the bloom filter.
adds an object to the end of the list.
add listen urls to listen_ urls.
adds the passed virtualarray uris to the set of virtualarrays assigned to the resource by the
checks if cell is editable.
dropped the highlighted connection in the trash ( if any ).
utility method to concatenate an array of objects into a single list.
creates a new iterator for the given graph pattern.
validate custom catalog setting.
creates a new executor object for the specified blocking queue, with the specified pool size, and
helper method used to decide whether a given body needs to be a ssdp message.
add a child to the current set of children at the specified index.
restores the selection at the given lead position to the view given the change.
gets the curent contents of this byte buffer as a byte array.
mute all audio after the current audio stream has been stopped.
consume events from the queue, waiting for them to complete.
updates the ui from the given command.
compare to zero.
generates a gaussian random number from the given mean and standard deviation.
computes the over scroll percent based on the offset difference between the max under scroll and the
constructs a new vector with the specified capacity.
process the invite request.
creates and returns logger instance associated with given object and sets it as entry in log ref.
read receive delay time from window returns'true'if successful,'false'if an
outputs the indentation for the specified number of times.
calculates a hash code value for the set.
parse string value returning an integer.
checks whether the first node in the list is a method declaration.
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack.
this method is called when the view has been moved.
remove a batch clusterer listener.
this should only be created by the lock service.
removes the object that is known to be in the relation.
wraps a heapbytesstore with a heapbytesstore that wraps a byte array.
parse the base json value and return as string.
valueof ( long val ) : convert a negative long value to a biginteger.
inserts the specified element before the specified position into the receiver.
increases the size of the next array to accommodate the specified number of entries.
construct a sided plane from a pair of vectors describing points, and including origin, plus
checks the inputstream if it contains gzip compressed data.
insert a sub - operation to the operation list.
clears all listener objects and clears the global configuration.
register an decayable object.
asserts that the input string contains the expected string.
removes the classname from the cache.
stage of a failed completionstage.
paints the component, graphics context is ignored.
handles the case where a class loader is dropped.
delete ( sw, of port ) from the list of list of attachment points and oldaps
total number of files to be recovered ( potentially not yet done ).
generate a anim game item from the given model and overrides it with the default colour.
deletes the assignment ( s ) and the user that was associated with the current assignment ).
format a given date / string representation.
performs a compare and set wait status on the given node.
creates the thread dump if needed.
checks to see if the audio output should be started.
returns true if the given input matches the given filter.
recursively goes through and removes the first node from the list.
singleton instance of docbuilderfactory.
returns the standard error of the intercept - standard deviation, defined as the square root of the
create missing values for this table.
normalise the given path for a windows command line.
start the thread that will launch the notifier.
expand the filename to a hidden directory.
puts the current buffer into the queue, waiting if the buffer is empty or when the elapsed
update the last text string and selected value.
returns true if there is another record in the stream.
appends the parameter types and parameter names to the given string builder.
execute this call to complete a heartbeat.
generate a random session key.
loads the private key of this node.
removes a listener for changes of registered snapshot categories.
returns true if critical extension is available, false otherwise.
check if the given string is not in the given array.
clone or import a node.
destroy the secp256k1 context.
load parameters from zk and start the cleanup thread.
creates a list of unique url strings from the given shard name.
create an inputstreamreader to read data from the request body with a specified charset.
produces a compressed image that is equivalent to the given image.
adds a vertex to the model.
configures the local services used by armeria.
returns the index starting at the specified index ( two characters at a time ).
appends a string to the buffer.
push a value onto the listenablefuture with the given name.
get a string representation of this exponent, at the given depth.
creates a new metadatacolumndescriptor.
filter out years which are not in the previous year.
creates a new data provider event with the provided reason and types.
validates the given bean and returns the error message if the bean is not null.
replaces the beginning of a bracket with the contents of the command provided in the document.
returns an accrued nationalnumber formatted as appropriate, if possible, or if none
fill ui elements with search fields.
creates a copy of the field.
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero bytes.
try to cast the given xpath expression to the given type.
try to delete a file or directory recursively on jvm exit.
initialize and do work where other steps need to wait for.
displays an annotation in a graphical representation.
adds a point to the end of this partial hull.
obtain a configuration instance by loading the properties from the specified reader.
appends an offsetteditem to the end of the list.
deletes the annotation with the given name and adds it to the xml element.
reads a boolean ( 32 bit ) from the source stream.
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names.
gamma function of the natural logarithm of the gamma distribution.
starts a ticker, which will periodically check for changes in the status of a cell.
returns the cipher suite corresponding to the two specified identifiers.
creates a new context that will be created in a pending operation.
show the droidsafe text markers for a class in the editor.
resolves new object subject expression.
pick up to three sizes and pick up to the last one.
verifies the given log record at the given position.
copies a transferable object to the clipboard.
formats a download percent as a string.
updates the enabled - state of the buttons.
turns the specified mutable collection into an immutable collection.
tracks a hex's images.
parse string to date.
test if the node has been processed by the direction specified.
power on a self - test.
return the triangle which represents the edge, or null if none is frame.
generates a crl ( crl from the input stream ) and returns it as a collection.
deletes the entity configuration under the realm.
returns singleton instance of datasourceviewsmanager.
make a tag out of the form : color = rgb ( c1, c2 )
loads the xml definition of the model from disk.
extracts and returns the id from the request.
uncompresses the compressed data.
read from monitored sockets, report any changed data to the given handler.
closes this reader. this implementation closes the filtered reader.
compares the remaining chars of this buffer to another char buffer's remaining chars.
writes the header of accessibility by motion to a matsim4opus temp directory
average aggregate function which will increment the total count every time the function gets called again.
constructs a policy notification object from its xml representation.
flush the journal to the file, but do not write the file to disk.
find parcel instance in class file.
decodes a field name from xml notation ( e.
returns true if username and password are set, false otherwise.
adds a content item.
can be used to canonicalize a class name.
pause the calling thread the specified number of milliseconds.
highlight the edge in the path with invisible edge.
creates a configuration object that can be used to execute the cancelling test.
removes changing listener, which will no longer be notified.
create fields from all elements.
get the flying option, if any.
initializes the socket channelfactory and datagramfactory.
removes the regular expression from the given source string.
fills the scroll offset by either sets an offset or sets the number of buffers used for scroll
retrieve a list of waypoints whose location matches the given search query.
release the this object for future use.
returns the number of elements in the queue.
adds a new value to the array.
closes the dialog and releases any system resources associated with the dialog.
create a new file attachment for a chat channel.
adds a parameter to the list, and sets its parent to this node.
create a delete event from the json serialized representation.
check if the full copy is restorable.
read a qname, which is either a constant or a variable to be looked up in the
checks if buffer is too large.
resets the index buffer time.
returns the response object of the admin response based on the distribution manager.
returns true if the file is in the external storage and / or if it is not download
returns either the plural or singular form of the given noun, depending on the quantity.
verifies that the cert alias is valid for the supplied element.
adds the given video to the end of the list.
determines if the specified coordinate is in the target touch zone for a horizontal bar handle.
reads the transport systems of the visum file.
does nal contain a prefix?.
resets the main hash array if there are more than one.
adds item in multifield field.
returns the number of attribute names.
generate array of n d - dimensional points whose coordinates are integer values in the range 0.
parses the parameters part of the query.
adds a session token for a particular site.
deserializes a gradle distribution from a string.
converts the screen size in meters to pixels, based on the screen size.
send bytes over the data socket.
put the given context on the top of the stack.
called by the bookmarks or history picker to open a combo - view on the current page.
creates an instance from the given file.
normalize the zscore of a array.
adds the location to the list of locations.
constructs a formatter with the given arguments.
encodes a string into its base64 form using the specified charset.
check path need to be preloading.
is input column name allowed.
takes a hex string and returns an rgb value as an integer.
add a property change listener to this bean.
insertfunctionalitytest # test_emptyor_null ( ). sets value of record
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
subtract zero from a number.
restores the object from the given file.
wait for the images to load.
fill an array with the values of a minimum 4 - sample blackman - harris
calculate the cms key.
gets the hash code for this nick.
increments the number of received packets per second.
parse the given text into a sentence structure.
sets the directory where the kafka cluster uses its data directory.
called when consume finished.
checks if the prosodic position is equal to the current rule part.
takes a bigdecimal formatted for a certain entity.
registers the operators with the given name ( using the given class loader ).
does the required permission work before android m permissions have been granted.
deletes sub group containers in this group container.
creates a new glowtask.
initialize the compiler arguments.
open connection to dev mode.
sends next byte of data.
encode the object to a base64 string.
create an image service.
add new profiles to the existing list of profiles.
returns true if k is a valid identifier.
returns true if x1 is less than x2, when both values are treated as unsigned
moves the node to a new location relative to a single node.
create a list from passed objx parameters.
adds a macro record.
add more qiscus user email to the existing user.
returns the best hash provider for a given set of hash parameters.
read a number of bytes from the buffer.
using sorting. if we use merge sort or heap sort then ( - ) ( nlog
loads the entries from the specified file.
removes an item from the adapter at the given position.
encodes a list of types to a map and places the key - value pairs in the types
clear all assertion information.
add operation results to the array to be returned.
generate a branch plan according to the akiban information schema.
add a switch port to maintenance queue.
( since linux 3.
check if this mimetype matches another.
returns true if the other instance is armed.
tells the builder that a character range is valid.
checks if script is enabled.
compares this elliptic curve point for equality with the specified object.
returns the name of the table.
checksum string using md5.
returns true if the skin spec file is valid.
inserts the string representation of an object into this builder.
handles a mousemoved mouselistener event.
loads an umd in unpacked mode, if it exists.
disables the vma for a volume or storage system.
computes the position on a rhumb line from the rhumb origin, azimuth
finds the first index of an element in an array, ignoring elements that are not in the
returns the maximum dimensions needed to layout the components contained in the specified target container.
read stream and return result in string.
update the moving average with a new value.
logs the expiration of the entry.
removes the item from the list of ripple.
write string to buffer.
gets number of records from the topic and consume it.
returns true if the given object is equal to this instance.
compare two version strings.
checks whether a vector2f is valid.
determine if the expression consists of obsessional words.
change the speed of a target block.
removes the given child from the list of children if it is present, otherwise does nothing.
notify class observers about the class descriptor.
generates a dup2 instruction.
mime type is the android app xml.
create a native page for the given url.
throws a parseexception describing a problem.
creates a new instance of customeditor.
constructs a new memoidone with the given fn and equality.
create an instance of ep single value.
helper method to convert a field type.
adds xml element at the specified index to the document.
service method to find content parents.
creates a new dictionary from the given inputstreams.
collapses all elements of the building which are also contained in the bldg.
this method performs an asynchronous thrift call to detach an iso from a vm.
read an nfc error message from a reply.
shows or hides the pie chart, depending on the state of the chart data.
persist the profile and notify the provider that it changed.
adds an undoableaction to the undo stack.
create a list containing the given int array.
add a ping sample to the last ping time.
encode the body of this header ( the stuff that follows headername ).
tears down the fixture, for example, close a network connection.
returns a substring of the given subject.
removes a custom sashform listener.
writes a string to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding
deletes the session variables with the given name from the datastore.
returns a string representation of the year, month, and date.
closes the queue and releases any system resources associated with this stream.
parses a string as a int.
writes the entire resultset to a csv file.
and for a special case 1.
verify that the given device exactly matches the given fields.
adds a window to the current window.
computes the intersections of this set with the elements of a given iterator.
tells whether or not this text area is ttf.
registers the macros to the registry.
creates a new, empty map with the specified initial capacity and the specified load factor.
create a new as set containing the provided asobject.
populate the stream blob using the provided basecontent.
sign from bit - cyclic double value, used as a result of bit - cyclic double sign
adds a near key.
analyze the class fields and assign a value to each field of the class.
checks if level is enabled.
loads but does not display the graph.
runs the test case.
critical chunk : it's either a critical condition or a critical condition.
finds the name of the first table, which is editable.
store the car data in the default place, including making a backup if necessary.
returns whether there is a new follower.
on the start of an track point element.
fires a property change event.
utility method to check that a given string is a valid method descriptor.
sort the field binding array using a quicksort.
draws the background of the text area.
adds an attribute to be unique if the attribute is not already present.
this method validates a deletevmresponse object, raising an exception if the response reflects
runs the test case.
limits the maximum scale and x translation of the given matrix.
get the value factory.
constructs a new accesstoken backed with the data in the specified jsonvalue.
add a new style to the styles map.
extractclientname extracts the client name.
construct a future from a completablefuture.
checks if is place action.
adds a view to a list cache.
reads the contents of the given inputstream and returns it as a byte array.
play the player in such a way that you can check if the player is visible or not
convert the specified string to utf - 8 using the standard panbox encoding.
converts a collection of cache flags into an 32 bit integer.
adds a new data series with the given visible state.
add a value to the estimator.
create a single row for a check box.
format text to date and parse it.
determines if a group is a child of this group.
throws an exception for when the specified item index is out of bounds.
returns the next uncovered locus info ( if any ) starting from the specified stop before
global config change listener.
launch an email intent if the user wants to send an email.
returns the number of taxa.
inserts the specified element at the specified position in the array.
adds a translator, which is called whenever a client requests a class file.
writes a number of type char in little endian.
reads the next line from standard input and returns it as a string.
attempts to validate the contents of the template against the provided regular expression.
writes the spatial grid table to a file.
add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list.
adds a closehook which will be invoked when a window is closed.
executes task r in the caller's thread, unless the executor has been shut down,
updates the x and y values to ensure that they are within the range specified by x and
checks if the specified sequence contains only numbers larger than 3 digits.
read config from the specified file.
apply the trading gpu to a player.
returns the slurp url as string.
creates a trace that is a combination of the addresses of both traces and the addresses of all
cancel all tasks in the queue and interrupt all threads.
registers all supported device types ( i.
removes all dependencies from a map that are contained in a swc.
draws the chart tick lines.
always insert a record.
test de busqueda open ldap con atributos.
create a positive number from a string value and radix 8.
this method determines if the specified character is currently in the encoding.
deletes an ldap entry from the ldap server.
removes all highlights ( mark occurrences ) from the text area.
inserts all successors of the specified block into the work list.
add a role to the list.
creates a new panel object.
creates a time period for the current gmt timezone.
callback invoked when a response is sent to the server.
builds the index shard snapshots from the blob data.
create a forum post reply.
returns true if this is armed with the other.
creates a attribkey for htmlattribute.
data from matlab. provided as the linear arrays of values and dimensions. the linear arrays are
get the tuple with the maximum data field value.
updates the enabled status of the input fields and labels.
returns a string representation of two ids.
resets the etag cache stats.
convert other than string ( default ) to string ( ).
remove the item at the given index and optionally forces menu views to update.
shiftright ( int n ), n is greater than bitlength ( ).
shows the filter dialog.
determine the number of pixels between ( x1, y1 ) and ( x2,
check whether the formobject allows popup to be displayed in the popup window based on its subtype
creates a new local git repository for the given directory and remote url.
returns a vector2 containing the smallest x and y values.
adds a test method call.
serialize the result.
verifies that the migration is successful.
creates a new instance of log formatter.
remove a text listener.
create idpssoelement in dom.
clears the buffer, returning all allocations to the allocator.
applies the camera to the scene.
returns a simple point table with one row.
adds the wwn to the list of existing volumes if they are not already present in the
creates a new file in the temporary directory.
partitions a set of targettypes by annos, starting with the annotation's position.
load data from the file.
add a progress bar notification.
resolve name. we use the root folder to find the actual file.
sets up the tool tip text.
decodes an array from an encoded array.
call this when you want to know the new location.
the bitmap of entries that we don't want to ignore.
generate the device's seed.
render a value expr to a string.
method to stop sampling for a while, this method may be called from a synchronized block.
reverses a set of points in the current direction.
creates a new dsigncsr dialog for a pkcs # 10 formatted csr.
the notificationfactory can be a dynamically created class or interface.
waits for done.
clamp a double value to the given range.
parse a volume's host directory.
formats a double into a human - readable time string.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this vector in the correct order.
returns a string that is the given string padded on the right with the given character.
appends all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this vector, in the
update the application state.
converts a string to a byte array using utf - 8 encoding.
return a list of pairs corresponding to the key - value pairs in the map.
validates that the label is not already set.
adds the specified message observer.
shows the dialog with the specified initial character.
converts a byte to hex and writes it to the given buffer.
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
returns a normal random vector.
called by the native code or other classes to signal a warning.
is the given sub name known?.
compute and return the source text ( all equalities and deletions ).
check whether this entry is stored.
returns the size of a directory, converted to biginteger.
check if a specific bit is a search light bit.
constructs a new age file filter for files on any one side of a certain date.
calculates the number of minor ticks.
fetch the next row from the result set and return it as a boolean.
support method to put a sample with a hidden attribute.
returns true if the first node is removed from the second node, or false if the second
convert swf input stream to html output.
write the class file to disk.
creates a new connection using the given peer address.
returns a vector that contains the same objects as the array.
send a version notification to listeners.
accept a drop. < p >.
clears all the ored criteria and resets the distinct and order by clause.
returns a description of the classifier.
this method asks and returns a modified date.
has the user chosen to import from a pkcs # 8 file?.
runs the control flow graph given the compilation unit and method tree, and the underlying ast.
returns true if the engine is valid.
asserts that two floats are equal concerning a delta.
calculates discretization of the set of extremal indices.
load the properties from the properties file.
replace all occurrences of the pattern.
returns a list of service addresses for the specified service name.
create a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the other stream.
reads the object's contents from the given input stream.
creates an item label generator using default number formatters.
constructs a vector2 with the x and y values for the given direction.
returns an adjusted pow10 value for graphing purposes.
resets the column list to its initial ( empty ) state.
is last invoice costing method.
sets the proxy port.
utility method to fetch the cluster name from the passed in string.
helper http function to get my service cards.
constructs a new dviewkey dialog.
samples migration events on a two - coloured branch, conditional on colours at both ends
checks if objvalue is a string.
decode the ascii encoding of a byte array.
this method cannot be called directly.
removes propertychangelistener from the listener list.
transfers node after cancelled wait.
creates the intent that will be used to share a user in the android app.
creates and returns an updater for objects with the given field.
converts the input data to a map of objects.
operation : [ < rn >, + / - < rm >, lsr # <
build row limit specification.
returns the first layer, where both this item and p_other have a shape.
remove wanted items from a drive.
save the indexes of all containers to disk.
add item in to position.
execute a command in the working directory.
expands and selects the item at the given location if it exists.
reads the next token from the current line and column.
save provisioning expiration time into shared preferences.
write the extension to the deroutputstream.
create a cluster in the specified project.
retrieve a policy value that is equivalent to the given integer value, but only if it is
runs the test case.
write string in text format without checking buffer size.
adds a record to this collection.
calculates the sha - 256 hash of the entire resource.
add property type to the list of properties of the given resource.
tests that object1. equals ( object2 ) returns null when either of the objects are
write actions to a string.
prepares for another thread to do the interrupting of the given object.
encodes a byte array into base 64 format and breaks the output into lines.
reads a feed and logs the feed status.
rllong protected helper method to read 64 bits and changing the order of each bytes.
shiftright ( int n ), n is greater than bitlength ( ).
resolve a class from a file.
builds the logoutresponse url for the specified logoutstate.
asserts that the label associated with the given path exists and that the given text is the
linearly interpolates elements of the result list.
initializes the stream tokenizer.
throw exception for illegal message received.
runs the worker threads in this group.
read in next item.
lock api for locking of the file channel of the lock file.
open the datagram socket.
returns a string describing this filter.
execute the given script and return the executor.
disable a specific feature on this rich formatter.
removes the specified event listener from the set of event listeners.
returns the time in milliseconds.
add an array of elements to the end of the list.
quote a name by prefixing it with a dollar ( $ ) sign.
create a recipe from a cursor.
ensures that the given boolean expression is true.
adds the sql to the list of statements used to drop the table from the database.
check if lock has been acquired.
the time at which this process was scheduled in user mode, displayed as a decimal number.
find or create the appropriate class for the given class.
resets the notes text in the status text field.
write a tick to a rtc file.
writes a charsequence to a file creating a new file if it does not exist using the
populates the navigation drawer with the appropriate items.
runs the test case.
converts to object array.
record audit log for callhome.
compute the mean of all elements in the array.
constructs the nt time based on the given date and ntp time conversion rate.
return the media type that should be applied to the provided producible types.
paints the border for a given component with the specified position and size.
ensures that the internal array is large enough for the specified number of elements.
request that the buffers be invalidated and unmap them.
tries to load the class with the given name in the current directory.
check if mineshafter is present. if it is, we need to bypass it
tests this renderer for equality with an arbitrary object.
checks for existence of a child node.
deletes the item at the specified index.
returns the number of primitive property names.
prints a string to the stream, encoded as utf - 8 with preceeding length.
check the current user's permissions against the given object, handling any exceptions.
display all string's defined in string xml.
create intent for map activity.
generate the parameters part of the query.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap, removing prior ex
removes an attribute from the list.
extract class name from a field signature.
paints a preview of a given location and zoom factor.
opens the camera and starts sending preview frames to the underlying detector.
removes all categories and values from the category list.
this method takes in a list of lists of doubles, and partitions them into two lists,
updates the ui for the windows owned by this window.
clear all the results.
return all widgets in the specified container that intersect with the specified rectangle.
print single - quoted ascii text into the output stream.
makes a shoppingcartitem and adds it to the cart.
returns a string representation for the distribution.
sets the text of the titled border to the given value and updates the ui.
add the classes to the hash set.
resets the references list.
decode as many bytes as possible from the stream.
this method cannot be called directly.
sort a vector using the supplied keys.
parses, validates and computes normalized version of gyear object.
add a serialmessage to the queue to be sent.
import a string to the database id.
write a short, 16 bits.
prints a long followed by a newline.
creates the thrift service metadata object representing the given service type.
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height, and with new
returns an exception indicating the invalid entity for a constraint violation response.
check if a start tracker block is available.
loads the layers from a url.
return true if the dns message is suppressed by.
creates a properties object from a map of string to string values.
selects the first node that matches the query.
gets an array of strings out of a properties file.
compares two locales for order.
read a result set from a preparedstatement.
adds a distinct entry to the list if the entry is not already in the list.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
closes the current transaction and releases any database resources associated with the connection.
creates a new panel object.
doubles the capacity of the list.
change the openam configuration directory.
computes the full url from the given baseurl.
loads the main classes from the manifest.
converts the original types to the original types.
adds a column at the specified position.
readdata - - input the attribute values for this message from the input buffer.
removes a display from the list of displays.
returns the next gaussian.
forward an event to all registered listeners.
update the contact header port field.
create a new android http client instance with the given user agent.
adds entry to candidate list, returning candidate if one exists, or null if none.
creates geotiff feature for the back edge.
modest no solutions test.
try to delete the given file or log.
removes the object at the specified index from the array.
add user member to a group.
creates a new logger instance.
increment the value of a bin.
ensures that an argument is valid and throw an exception with the specified error message.
sets all the fields in the provided map to the current values.
checks if a list of strings contains the given string ( with case - insensitive comparison ).
computes the mad value of the median value in the array.
checks if there is a valid plugin for the given interface and if so, initializes it.
kills the process.
sets the " keep alive " property.
creates a new request configured to upload a video to the user's default video album.
merge a message from a checkedmessage and check the checksum.
create multicast socket.
checks whether the selected subset meta data was selected.
validates an mqtt message will reply to an mqtt message.
construct a new ber input stream that uses the supplied initial size.
returns the next member in the set.
encode a line - suffix of a journal entry.
return true if this font is the system font, false otherwise.
this method adds the url to the list of to be loaded.
sets all of the fields to be put in this document.
creates a new appcheckout git review client object.
create a view of a root block.
this method creates the soap method.
find all operations that are declared by the inner enum.
returns the uri of this url.
test that wildcards do not need two dots.
returns true if the given file is inside the directory.
moves this cursor forward until it points to the specified character in the specified character sequence.
removes from this list all of its elements that are contained in the specified collection.
compare the current node to the given node, and set the tail at the given offset.
returns a new phone object with the specified value.
loads a resourcebundle and returns it.
returns the set of uris that are associated with the remote copy settings.
replace special characters with html entities.
add a lock to the list and check whether it overlaps.
evaluates the uf1 problem.
reload the model with the new value.
convert a move to an uci move.
creates a new hidden - acceleration image of the given width and height that is associated with the
displays the state of the object graph.
convenience method to write a string to a writer.
ensure the internal array's capacity.
expert : decreases the refcount of this indexreader instance.
convert a x500principal to an x.
compare the results of a describedresource to the expected graph.
returns true if this is a flat annotation, and false otherwise.
build list of limited networks for current subscriber.
evalrpn = calculate ( 1, 2, 3 ) - rpn = calculate (
adds all data series from a list of xy series.
exists with optional error message, arguments, and exit code.
compares two term names lexicographically.
sets the x, y, and z values of this object to the same values as the
generate the auto - tag name for the top stack element at the given stack offset.
flush pending xml nodes.
this method is called after the activity has been created.
creates a new extended type with the given nodetype, namespace and localname.
validate that the owner's expression matches the path and that it's a new expression
create and start the topic consumer thread.
undoes the last action, if any has been performed.
remove a column from the table.
returns a string representation of the histogram.
peeks the next sample from the available output buffers.
below method will be used to scan the blocklet and return the scannedresult.
returns the hashcode of the expression.
balance segments for all elements.
instantiates a new annotation drawer.
indicates whether this group has user partitions.
inserts a string into the field.
reads the next character from the stream and returns it as an code point.
put an int value out to the specified byte array position in big - endian format.
creates a new item.
add the specified tag to the list of tags to be reported.
consumes the next token.
adds the outer join qualifier for the from clause.
convert a string into an array of file names.
retrieves and removes an element from this queue, waiting if necessary until an element with an expired
add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view.
returns the number of matching patterns.
writes a " uint8 " in wsp format to the given output stream.
add two numbers of different length and sign.
adds a header to the response.
store certificate to key store.
appends the type a pointer to the hierarchy of the given type which is pointed to by a
sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order.
returns a description of this object.
return the last element of this sequence.
sleeps specified number of milliseconds.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified element in this list.
tests whether a given set of modifiers implies package access.
writes the gathered data tab - separated into a text file.
create a new window decorator.
write a number of bytes.
logs the specified message.
send update notifications to listeners.
return true if remote can be relocated for the given size.
converts a file object into a sld object for the specified file.
replaces all the occurrences of variables in the template with their values.
change the original font of a component to a specific style.
draws the contours at the specified position in the specified image, with the specified color.
save a certificate in a file.
clears the list of listeners that will be called when the central item of the list changes.
invokes the specified accessible parameterless method if it exists.
is fill below line?.
on patch service result x.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
checks whether a packet is a stanza packet.
this method will execute a command on the server.
returns true if the bean version specified needs updating ( i.
clears the managed beans from the given view map.
convenience method to load logical tables with granularities.
reads bytes from the input stream and returns them as an integer in the range from 0 to
adds a new subscription to the existing list of subscriptions for the given client.
creates an instance of x.
constructs a process object from a string.
instantiates a new consul topology fraction.
builds the regular expression used to match a qualifier.
shorten a name to a length long.
blends the given color with the given weight.
( since linux 3.
sets the ui configuration to look and feel based on the system property " look - and feel
converts a given image into a bufferedimage of a given type.
this method is used to read an array value from the input stream.
returns the list of all terminals that can be reached with the given return type.
remove the specified sensor selection listener.
writes a single character.
test that dex classpath is fully initialized.
register ttl manager of cache.
makes a. sql. time from separate ints for hour, minute, and second.
initialize the key store.
converts native image data to platform image bytes.
clean folder stacking markers. < br >.
discards the given registrar.
returns true of the specified state is final.
generate markers for protein with length less than max num scale markers.
writes a'figtree'block.
returns a hash code value for this font.
compares this map with another.
the document type declaration.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image, removing prior exif
cleanly create user, create database and re - connect to the same connection.
creates an exception for an invalid method argument.
compresses a string into a byte array.
load extensions to the map, if they are not already loaded then associate them with the mime
receive notification of the beginning of dtd element.
timestamp need to be in the format yyyy - mm - dd't'or'yyyy
encodes the specified byte array using bcrypt's slightly - modified base64 encoding.
prints a double followed by a newline.
returns a string representation of this ip address.
checks if the given zk host name contains thousand'('-')'characters.
perform the given operation on a database.
creates a hash code value for this uri attribute.
returns a new instance of this fragment for the given section number.
import trl to file.
creates a new resultfilereader using the given problem as a starting point.
callback when the server responses with a failure.
checks if the given identifier should be excluded.
this method checks whether the exception was caused because of a communication error.
returns true if this sensor is reliable, false otherwise.
pushes a ( possibly shared ) output frame onto the stack.
get the max value plus one for a short.
report a bound property update to any registered listeners.
encodes a string to its url safe form.
creates and persists database entities required for storage policy testing.
create a page from a pdfpage obj.
adds a key / value pair to a map.
save the boot prop if it's the same as org.
appends the contents of a log file to a printwriter.
write timestamp in binary format.
calculates the difference of two soundex strings.
supplied text with the supplied tags.
deletes the given file.
returns a path for a check mark.
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory.
start a new tcp socket.
this method cut the selected bean.
add a remover to be tracked.
method associated with the actionlistener interface.
adds a new entry to the entry table.
size of the list of children if necessary, or a new one if the list is empty
creates a new uuid instance with the specified most sig bits and least sig bits.
create a new pretty print representation of a given number of spaces.
renders handler for the given component using the specified behaviors event name and submit target.
construct the tsdb scope string.
creates a new selector.
multiply two positive numbers of different length.
notification that the data was received to the implementation of the follower info.
applies a row processor to a database connection.
returns current time in nanoseconds.
test clone method.
send a request to the server and generate a future for the eventual reply. note that
check if string is empty.
enables the dependency of the given capability.
extract the current variables context and non global variables.
add an integer to the config.
makes a full width letter of a half width the given text width.
test whether two collections contains the same elements, regardless of the order in which the elements appear
checks if a response message contains a body.
returns the number of available in process.
updates with the given value.
checks whether action should be executed after delay milliseconds.
moves the cursor to the given position by the word.
process a distribution message, or place on the startup queue.
deletes all the volumes in the zoningmaps supplied in the zoningparams.
close the nbest list writer and alignment writer.
implements the standard icon interface's painticon method as the standard synth stub passes null
zooms the image in the view.
list all the shard to channels.
returns true if the file is hidden.
check if the scroll view can scroll vertically, according to the direction of the scroll view.
loads a jar file and returns a jarinfo object.
invalidates the title sortable fields.
insert a new row into the table, with given assignment.
creates a jar with an entry of the given name using the provided content.
go to a specific day.
performs a search for the value.
closes database connection.
add descriptive details about a specific message box, so that if it needs to be reset
add a color map listener.
compute pdist distances.
appends a string to the given string if the given string does not end with the given suffix
get json for all file systems.
constructs a new external problem with the contents of the given process.
check network monitor exist or not.
adds a list of query predicates that must be met by vertices.
random number from [ 0, 1 ].
compares the user options with the canonical user options of the currently deployed options.
close the given resource quietly.
pushes encrypted xml message onto the encrypted heap.
returns a random range [ min, max ].
test that striterator is closed after hasnext return false.
pushes a pspge list onto the queue to be drawn.
populate task list from mirror.
get the tuple with the minimum data field value.
returns the tip text for this property.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
start scrolling based on a fling gesture.
adds a navigator listener.
below method will be used to close the stream.
computes the patience for a given pattern.
creates a series name list from a data array.
reads characters into the buffer.
send a debug log message with printf formatting.
returns the number string list of the given string starting at the given index.
checks if two strings are null.
writes the clusters to the specified output file.
return true if any director in allocated directors are used.
stops the listening socket and closes the connection accept thread.
expands the system id to the actual service id, using the base uri if necessary.
free a message, remove all references to it.
compares two builder contents ignoring case.
converts a uuid to a long, if the uuid requires at least two bits of data to
vm argument data.
apply a visitor to a field.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
verifies that the screen is visible on the screen.
tries to unlink the target volumes from the snapshot session.
reverses a given sequence of directededges.
change part of the given walkingiterator to ref.
reads a line of text and returns it as a string.
add nodes to the scene.
returns the url of the documentation home page.
test if the sequences reader has taxonomy info.
removes the listener from the list of listeners who will be notified when the user changes the receiver
removes the given element from the list and pushes it on the stack.
handles save button request.
removes x and y from the given tree and returns the result.
atomically removes all of the elements from this deque.
called when progress is received.
constructs a treenode with the specified values.
constructs a time period for the week in which the specified date / time falls, calculated relative
returns a code attribute for the entity, or null if none can be found.
initializes a binary output stream from a file.
reads in a class descriptor from the receiver.
create a new file, if the file exists already.
or for zero and one.
executes a prepared statement for the given columns and returns the number of rows updated.
creates a new instance of the authority configuration.
ensures that a string reference passed as a parameter to the calling method is not empty.
cancel all unnamed tasks.
returns the minimum and maximum values in the specified list.
create the criteria to match against.
unescapes the character identified by the character or characters that immediately follow a backslash.
iterate through all the authentications of the given set and update the query parameters accordingly.
add spaces around spans until the text is fixed, and then removes the unneeded spaces.
remove all icons that are in the bookmark.
constructs a new simple metric group from the given stream of metrics.
return true if the point is inside the polygon.
resolve all protocol extensions using the specified classloader.
return the host addresses that are available on the system.
caculate in the sample size.
tests if the status is in the set of statuses.
returns a string representation of this feature.
computes a ss block from out, using the specified secret and seed.
adds the channel map to the model.
inserts the specified object into this delay queue.
associates the specified value with the specified key in this cache.
parses a message set uid range.
internal method to replace the suffix ( to replace, changeto ) in a string value.
executes claimedtask that is not already claimed by user.
creates the navi directory.
method to handle update button.
converts a class file to a class object.
get an iterator over the targets.
fit the content onto the main content area.
returns a hash code value for this object name.
build a map pool - name = > pool - index from table - index.
creates a new dviewasn1dump dialog.
creates the vertical separator.
appends the specified object to the end of the array.
builds the values from the specified results.
calculates block signature and returns it.
and for a negative and a positive numbers ; the first is longer.
write byte array to the buffer we need to be able to efficiently handle large arrays beyond size
open file intent. if the intent exists already, the existing file will be overwritten.
converts a date string to a sql date object.
get the closest int to the argument.
creates a new plaintext component with the given short.
copies the attribute annotations from the specified constant pool into this attribute info instance.
for each component creates a list of changes.
defines a new ignored " it " block.
method checks if file exists and can be writable. returns true if file exists, false if
return the id of this object as user readable string.
writes the contents of this exception to the given stream.
skip ( ) method testing.
add a char to the string buffer.
get the hash code of the oid.
instantiates a new chcentered decomposition.
computes all candidate crossings of two cells in the graph.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
constructs a new repository location with the specified repository name and path components.
add property to current properties.
creates a delta tree that represents the change flags of the given element and all it's
answers a string containing a concise, human - readable description of the receiver.
returns the number of mappings in the map.
replace all occurrences of a substring within a string with another string.
checks if a given coordinate is in the given zone.
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a new xwaveslabelfile reader and reads the labels from the specified reader.
parses a double safely. returning a default if nothing can be sanely parsed from it.
registers an application. throws an exception if the application is already registered.
add new profile to existing profile.
prints a single character.
initialize the block views that display connections.
clears all trails associated with a given authenticated token.
creates a new dnetscapecertificaterenewalurl dialog.
parse a comma - separated list of integers into an array of integers.
creates new exception with detailed error message.
creates a new vector with a random initial size.
parse an individual sip message header from a string.
helper function to convert srg rgb color integer to srg rgb integer.
records the beginning usage messages for this run.
rotate point p around center point c.
returns true if the given word is pronounceable.
adds intersections to the graph.
creates an empty instance of ioexception.
create a new mem based cache with a specified maximum cache size in bytes.
updates the max required and max match contents widths.
enables or disables the overview menu.
handle mouseentered mouselistener event.
takes a page of collections and selects a single page.
makes the given visitor visit this annotation.
adds ids to the filter.
stops the monitor and prints it to the http response stream.
puts the path into a url by removing any " / " character before it.
invokes the hessian debug method.
commit the local transaction.
add object class to an entry.
populate the area in the classification.
decode a domain name from the input stream.
concatenates this char by concatenating two chars.
method to calculate logarithm of odds.
signals that the queue is not empty.
construct a full copy of the tree, assuming that all leaves in the tree are the same
returns the number of nodes in the tree.
adds a host to the blacklist with the current timeout.
method to add node to lop.
overridden to avoid exposing implementation details.
returns the standard deviation of the specified number of sigma.
either insert or refresh the bucket, if the entry is bad.
translate the current transform.
write this object out to a stream.
write spaces to the output stream and remove any empty spaces.
computes the volume of the overlapping box between two spatialcomparables.
handles the auto draw action.
helper method that will try to load at least specified number bytes in input buffer, possible moving
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send.
sorts the given method descriptors in ascending order according to the method sorter.
parses a list of properties.
determines whether or not the type has the given annotation.
builds the tooltip for used for nodes that represent multiple graph nodes.
remove item click listener to this view.
look for a selectable position.
pad a string on the right with spaces till it is at least the specified length.
returns a list of matching rule names for the given locale names, starting with the locale suffix
check whether the given class is cache - safe in the given context, i.
write the table to the printstream.
creates a part from the encoded and decoded strings.
create the epoch months based on the current and the epoch year.
converts a type descriptor into an internal name.
registers the given bean with the subscription service.
checks correctness of the state after unmarshalling.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
asynchronously perform a stream collection.
convert from the type used by the reflection accessors to the type used by native accessors
registers a new builder for the specified company.
copies the reil code of a node to a new reil graph.
loads the default content types properties stream and adds them to the set of file overrides.
gets the contents of a reader into a string.
compute similarity between two lanes.
forces the window to overflow.
searches for the index of the given string.
method to prepare instruction operand with given parameters.
divide and conquer brownian bridge.
returns instance of jarxmlversionvalue of the specified document type.
rearranges two coords ( x and y ).
prints an integer to standard output and flushes standard output.
copies the text from the currently selected char field to the destination field.
handles next button request.
builds the description panel.
creates an httpmethodclient using default parameters.
creates an asymmetric block cipher with either implicit or explicit trailers for iso979
decodes a byte array into its textual representation.
extracts the values of the collection, using the provided extractor.
whether the stack is running on a zte device.
this method is used to normalize a string to a specified encoding.
returns lowest node. this node might not be in range, so most usages need to check
returns the number of attribute sets.
creates a new draster, with a stack of points, with a color scheme.
takes a biginteger value and returns its byte array representation in unsigned format.
returns the approximate length of the control points in the form of [ 0, 1 ].
determine the drop action from the event.
adds a variable to set to the clause.
step : find the step value and set the variables to their first value.
creates the icon markers.
checks if there is a network connection.
assigns thread object to be used as the source for subscribers.
validates the dynamic attribute defined in the properties set against the dynamic attributes stored in the policy
returns true if the given instance is assignable from the given type, false otherwise.
make sure all warrant are added to the list.
add a command to the menu bar.
connects to the gatt server hosted on the bluetooth le device.
normal distribution function.
draws a shape using the shape.
tears down this context, for example, close a jms connection.
loads the groups list from the inputstream.
eventually sets to the given value.
creates the equality key for the given node.
convert collection to string.
description of the method.
removes all premove drops that are present in the list.
clearbit ( int n ) the first bit in a negative number.
stop the throttle. this sets the speed and icon gap to stop.
encode the dn name in der form to the stream.
make the instance dirty.
returns an arraylist containing all of the elements in the stack, in proper sequence.
removes a connection from the pool of known times.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
splits a prefix into it's parts.
covert a hex string to an unsigned long.
returns the standard error of the sample skewed standard deviation.
load the policyqualifierinfo table with the specified policyqualifierinfo objects.
execute the script from the given reader.
find a markersegment instance in the list of the given class, optionally starting with the first
removes from the set all matching values.
resets this message to its original state.
deletes item at array index removeindex.
save and close the dialog.
add a message to the current app's settings.
blocking subscribe print observable to a prints view.
returns a nice double value between 0 ( inclusive ) and the range ( exclusive ).
copies a header from a request.
call send metric to track.
sets values of all fields to be put in this document.
finds the url of the given resource on the given loader.
renders the clause in textual representation.
returns whether or not the character at the specified position is set.
creates a new stat archive reader.
initializes the adb socket host and port.
reads bytes from the file.
checks whether the tag name matches any of the tag names.
shutdown the server, this is called after the server has been shut down.
returns true if the row is currently expanded.
returns - 1 if there is no label at the end of a semicolon.
add a listener to the set listening to this animation.
create an httpresponse info with method, handler, args, and responder.
checks if the two arrays are equal.
draw text at ( x1, y1 ) with the edges of node ( e or
update the races if the current race is not already in the races list.
indicates whether the parameter is required or not.
send the data to receiver.
prints the number of digits to the output stream.
create a set from the map.
removes all biomes of this type from the dictionary.
calculate the requirements of a layout and return a new size requirements object.
converts an integer to a string, and writes it to the given writer.
creates the ldap filter from the filter set if the filter is contained in a filter group.
sends a blob instruction to the guacamole server.
defines what will be the axis labels.
merge a set of intervals.
a gstring variant of the equivalent gstring method.
adds a node to the list of nodes.
print text on console.
trims the vector, creating a new vector if necessary and clearing the vector.
divide data by the length of data.
assert that all specified threads stay alive within the given millisecond delay.
construct a new abstract worker manager and start it.
called when incoming message is received.
creates and inserts a new trace at p_location into this graph.
return true if the distinct projection buffer and an incoming bindings buffer have exceeded a threshold.
converts a string to a byte array.
returns the maximum length of this set.
write a portion of an array of characters.
rounds this point, so that if this point is on the left side of any directed line
override this method in order to choose a proxy for a given request.
add a new reference to this method.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list in proper sequence ( from first to
returns whether the thread is running.
decrypts the given sourcefile and returns the uncompressed vcf bytes.
attempts to register the username, password combination.
create a new select statement with the given columns.
checks if mbean is compliant with baseclass and interface.
build a set of string from a templatesequencemodel.
create a new keystore from a stream.
writes a location ( string ) to the output stream.
get the offset to point to the given vtable.
evaluates the xpath expression to a string.
converts the specified armeria headers into an armeria headers object.
calculates the average score for audio data frames, given an array of shorts.
initialize the shader program.
checks if the given alias exists in this keystore.
invert the selected relations.
float value of a negative bigdecimal.
binds the key store service to the current thread.
draws connector centers for the child blocks.
returns true if the given handle is a merge instruction.
load trust manager from keystore.
internal method to check if an outside document element is.
creates a new threadpool with the specified name and pool size.
reflectively invokes the given method and returns the result.
clears this attribute set.
adds a text color which should be used to highlight the helper text, depending on the password
moves the clock to the next minute ( if there isn't one ).
creates a new listbasedtokenstream.
resolve a class specified by a stream class.
utility method that makes a map of source names to values that can be used as the validation
finds the first occurrence of a byte in a byte array a from index to index, using
add original edge as a new graph edge with the same relation as the head and tail.
add a array of states.
readobject is called to restore the state of the socketpermission from a stream.
retries reg enumkeyex ( ) max_attempts times before giving up.
add task to end of list.
initialize the compute shader.
sorts this list in increasing order.
creates an object from a byte buffer.
generates group name based on policy name which may or may not exist in list of existing group
* test method from apache derby project class org.
creates a new action group from the given array of actions.
adds the given row to the end of the list.
push the term's bytes onto the current term stack.
constructs a numeric literal.
atomically sets the head of the list to the given node.
removes all dependency of given node.
creates a new concurrent map with the same mappings as the current map.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied
skips all the whitespace characters in the reader.
returns an enumeration of the literal result attributes.
extracts a map of name / value pairs from the specified string using the specified separator.
constructs a priority queue from a collection.
gets the last element identifier of a resource in the schema as well as its full path to
checks if we have been initialized.
normalizes the given charsequence.
saves the given container configuration with the given path, creating the file with the given schema prefix
returns true if processing is aborted, or false if processing is aborted.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
skip ( byte [ ] bytes, int off, int len ).
creates test web data file.
prints a boolean to standard output and flushes standard output.
creates new shared memory space.
closes the database connection.
creates a new version object from the current one, but only if the given qualifier is already
perform a 16bit load where the sign extended result fills the return value.
convert a byte array to a hexadecimal string for display.
unregister a baggage handler.
creates a new dataset with default values.
compare two arrays of beans in some order and verify that the actual array is the same.
collects the text contents of the first text node.
unproxy all members of the given annotation.
parse an expression from a text to a list of nodes using the given namespaces.
adds the given section to the list of tickmark sections.
calculates the q_i ( a, b ) for a given function and a given lambda
flushes the stream.
deletes the characters in the character buffer from the specified location.
add a plotter to the graph.
delete k strictly less than rel, and if rel is non - null, and return its
adds a listener that is notified about changes in the speed copies.
finds the address in the input buffer starting at the given offset.
performs an action on the fault.
checks if the string contains whitespace only.
decode from the given base64 encoded value using the specified coder.
this method performs the set validation.
returns a string containing the string representation of all the values.
return list of my - db nodes.
performs the specified function at the given offset in the inputs array.
adds a long value to the request.
compares two objects using the configured comparator.
add an action listener that will be notified when the check box is clicked.
calculates the bounds of a title based on the index, and the paint.
add the smaller part of this gadd or subtract the larger part of another.
returns a string representation of this object.
get the first field offset from the beginning of a class.
send a warning log message.
extract the first element ( if any ).
handles user actions generated within the property panel.
x. net. ssl. sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs,
upgrade a server instance to the new site.
create an instance of a class.
pops a type from the top of the stack.
create a msrp session.
create a forum post.
draws a mark at the specified position with the specified mark paint color.
invoked when component has been resized.
description of the method.
changes the label value.
writes the data for the entry to the output stream.
update a point on the screen.
quietly join this thread.
override method used to configure the horizontal drag.
instantiates a new http request wrapper.
converts a data value in x - space to the x - space panel width.
forwards the request to the configured url.
returns primary key columns for the given statement.
reads long as little endian.
return a token that represents the prefix of the given leaf.
adds the given record to this data set.
this is called when we have scheduled this scheduler for batch sending.
await for match.
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array, with the given string as a
finds an object binding associated with the given key.
initialize the compute shader.
checks if task completed successfully or failure based on response body matches expected exception.
center set of nodes half way between top and bottom most node in the list.
append text to the text body.
restores the state of the menu item from the savedinstancestatelist to the
constructs a new hour.
undoes last operation.
check if device is connected using wifi.
flush any buffered data and close the writer.
returns true if this extension ordering is empty.
reads process configuration from the specified file.
extracts unique musicid from the mediaid.
verify identityscope. getscope ( ) returns null and does not contain a particular scope.
build parameters from a method call.
returns true if the given cell is contained in this cellset.
creates a new generator with the specified random number generator.
converts to primitive array.
merge these finalized lines : " tx ", " rx bytes " and " tx bytes
initialize the lookup table.
return a string representation of the current format constraints.
readdata - - input the modbus message from din.
adjusts the indentation level by a given amount.
retrieves the current capacity of the map.
parse a code string.
get a random omin / omax.
test examines the behavior of the " reopen ( ) " method on an index that is
searches for a file in the given paths with the given relfile.
returns true if critical extension is available.
returns the formatted value.
loads configuration from jvm parameters.
indicates if the user is authorized to this application.
test view alter and command cache.
return true if the size is approximate, otherwise false.
creates an element in the xml namespace.
modifies the content of a file.
returns a new population from the set of solutions.
tests the listing of the options.
the ll transformation is defined as < p > lat / lon ( radians ) < p >
notifies that the size of the widget changed.
removes a turntable from the list of rays selected.
rulesetup for the end of an element.
convert an image to a matrix.
creates a new instance of file system utils.
gets number of scheduled queues.
constructs a new dsubjectalternativename dialog.
destroy all the scene components.
adds a mitre join between two lines.
discards any characters outside of the base64 alphabet, per the requirements on page 25 of
multiply two numbers of different scales.
configure the lease duration according to the limit passed.
converts a cookie path into a normalized cookie path.
returns a string from double formatted to decimalformat ( " # # #. 00 " ).
creates an instance with the specified label format.
generates a unique id from the specified snmp oid.
caches an attribute value.
reads a permissionset from the given policy.
extract volume information from the supported volumeinfokey set and put it into the volumeinfokey
implementation of adapter. ondetachedfromrecyclerview ( recyclerview ) < p >
loads the specified file into the table.
try to gzip encode the input stream.
returns the hash code of the object.
returns a new range query for a given prefix field and an inetaddress.
creates a subject for an am user.
makes sure the capacity and size of the vector can accomodate the given index.
build a command line list that is similar to the normal command line, except that it only
loads and registers hex images for a given hex.
triangulate a pointset with eventual constraints.
encodes given byte array using base64 encoding.
writes out a source / sink specification object for method parameters.
readobject is called to restore the state of the socketpermission from a stream.
parses the rdf data read from the supplied reader using the supplied baseuri as the base uri
removes the destination statement from the given text.
used to convert raw characters to their escaped version when these raw version cannot be used as part
add a file to the classpath.
inserts items at a specific position in the table.
sets the values of the specified collection to their minimum and maximum values.
return an intbuffer that accesses the major version number.
the given source to create as part of the index creation request.
creates data to sign.
set the if modified since value, to indicate that the resource has been modified since the time
return the path to a tmp journal.
create an instance of the given class with the given dimension array.
plays together a collection of animations.
prints the error message and the message from the exception.
get request statistics string.
apply l1 regular coefficients to x.
this method cannot be called directly.
returns all the text at the given url.
loads the move participants for the given element.
returns the preference vector obtained from an apriori query.
paint the arrow in disabled state.
flipbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
adds a user to the database if the user is not already present in the database.
check if there is a next event to fire.
extract an xmp result from the input stream.
initializes the validator for a client.
apply cross - over operation to bayesnet calculate score and as a side effect sets b
resets the engine to the initial state.
creates a new user perspective and stores it in the database.
probability density function of the phred distribution.
creates the descriptor for the given type.
encode all the data in this object into the base 64 encoded string.
add a token with the specified expected types.
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate3 ( ). updates values in one column in the
this test initially was created to find an example of what should be set in an insert data
check if this type is assignable from the given type.
insert the penalty in egdemanddetail table.
reads the samples from the byte buffer into this object.
handle maintenance request.
times and records the duration of event.
checks if the specified bytecode version string represents a jdk 1.
a specialized simplified mapping source method, takes the form of simple properties definition : ( " field
returns null if the template could not be found.
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory.
add a listener to be notified of circularprogressview events.
creates a new instance of sitestatuscheckers.
render the glyph of the specified type with the scaling of the input stream, assuming the form
resets the list of variables to the initial state.
a method to release the temp application context.
delete all tables in the database.
find the pet category with the passed id.
mark a default session token as removed for a particular site.
instantiates a new exchange.
computes the discard alpha value.
converts clock's unix time ( in seconds ) to clock's unix time ( again
generates a ciphertext from plaintext string, using the specified secret keys.
removes a address from this user.
ensures correct size of the widget.
report an end of an element event.
verify migrate from product home.
gets the spanned ( s ) from the history.
format the message with the given arguments.
insert the prosody settings into the utterance.
create a folder in the sd card.
translates the matrix after a rotate operation.
create a ticker text with the text.
adds a protocol if it does not already exist.
returns a string representation of this klazz.
adds the key - value pair to the hash.
load a configuration from a resource.
log a log message.
draws the title on a 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer
construct a public key from its encoding.
retrieve the number of hits for a query.
returns true if the expression evaluates to true.
add a header to the response with the given name and value.
perform an asynchronous max operation.
writes a character followed by a newline.
test that the write method throws illegalargumentexception if the write method throws an illegalargumentexception
sends the changes to the commit method.
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate7 ( ). updates values in one column in the
extract the indentation from a line of code.
does the work of getting the path.
add a line to a container if its filename matches.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_down, result is negative ; distance = -
encodes a plain string into it's original form using the specified charset.
slide is fired when either the panel is shown or when the slide is up.
adds the sticky drawer items to the drawer.
test whether to log'debug'at'finest'level.
resets the vector to its initial state.
returns the trigonometric sine of the argument.
method to extract binary data from stego file.
create a session id that is related to the prototype given in encrypted_id.
create a cardinal spline, a series of cubic bezier splines between start
returns true if the queue matches the seq.
null safe compare. returns following results : - 1 if c1 is null, 1 if
returns true if the device contains apk relative to the super user.
add an expression to the expression set.
performs a synchronous rest operation on the elements returned by the iterator.
finds the component with the given name that is equal to the given component name.
returns true if this class is a fingerprint ( i.
writes an float field value.
extracts the column keys from the input line.
draws the rhombus of a shape.
below method will be used to convert the list of byte arrays to byte arrays.
helper method to dynamically create an instance of a given class.
generates a derived key.
test the finalization of a system run method returns even if the queue is empty.
show the keyguard host view.
compute the width of a string.
this is used to determine if the contents of the event are valid.
actionlistener interface, shows or hides the palette if its ok.
converte localdatetime para string indicando o formato da tostring.
create new instance of data source metadata.
returns an email object with the specified value.
instantiates a new address lookup.
adds the given listener to the list of listeners.
creates a new node.
creates a new cell with a defined rowspan and rowsspan.
opens a new element with the given name.
construct this object from one of the strings in the " format " parameter.
returns true, if the argument interval is the same as this one.
this method makes a url relative to the provided baseurl.
method to start the timer based on its state.
load from the store.
closes the plog file and logs any errors.
parses the first consonant.
creates a new buddy panel.
compiles a script into a script, and executes it.
interrupts the worker thread.
returns the list of platforms.
adds a request that depends on this helper.
check whether this object is a date.
converts config to xml,.
takes an array of points and builds a quadrilateral containing only those points that
heapify - up method for 2 - ary heap.
branches are initially compressed, left - to - right, and right - to - left,
unlock to allow both puts and takes.
checks if the filename has any of the defined sub - formats.
write the constant to the output stream.
initializes a properties object.
adds the specified network listener to receive notifications about network changes.
appends content prefix to buffer.
adds an error listener that receives call backs when any error occurs.
validates if the given string contains a valid class name.
imports the base types of a module.
builds the matrix ( old ) from the given dom node.
record system event and audit.
creates a core token service exception.
creates a new dviewproperties dialog.
given a project, this method returns a list with the path to the jvm that this
normalizes the given number to the nearest integer.
skips the data at the specified index to the next block of data.
removes the organization configuration of the user from amsdk.
removes a group listener.
creates a new setproperties object which will be used to set the values of another field in
extracts the key for a cookie name : < br > if the name ends with " :
determine the space between the first two fingers.
transforms the strings in the original map to the given map of keys and values.
constructs a component manager with a collection of general seeds.
clears the observer list so that this object no longer has any observers.
unsynchronizes a byte array aby_source to be the same as aby_
calculate the general encryption key based on the user password, first document id, revision and key
create a message capture with the given logger.
convenience method to unzips an array of bytes using gzip.
inserts the given item into the combo box.
transfer control to another coroutineference.
whether the output is in error messages or not.
convert number to string.
converts a delimited string to a map of name / value pairs.
returns a set view of the keys contained in this cache.
start the mirroring system.
creates a new instance of propagation imp with the given stack.
creates a new native runner instance.
indent a line of the given height.
sets initial values for the supplied calendar object to their default values.
surrounds the given string by the given prefix and suffixes.
returns a point not in the list of vertices.
trims off any leading or trailing characters and pads the string with the given char pad
schedule the polling pool to expire the session if the session is enabled and the refresh is out
decrypts and returns the result.
log information about the operating system.
put the value before the top of the stack if it isn't an empty array or
returns a hash of a string.
generates the native guid format for transportzone.
tests whether a servlet with the same name and a jsp file was added.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
print an error message and a stack trace if trace is enabled.
removes a listener from the event queue.
create a new executionsystem for the given uri and environment variables.
is this a command?.
sends given report to this output stream.
checks whether a string starts with one of its prefixes.
tests whether data types are ordered by datatype.
handle a mouseclicked mouselistener event.
formats parameter values in a string that can be sent to the database.
paints the top edge of the border around the content area. draw broken line if selected
analyzes the run results and writes them to a file.
execute a sql update.
returns the approximate current time in milliseconds since the epoch, or null if none was specified.
builds an entry from the provided lines of ldif.
clears any highlights that have not been used.
read a 16bit short, 16 bits.
format an integer into an existing array.
appends the given char array to the end of the string buffer.
check if user has permission'order_header '.
checks if the class is annotated by an annotation.
determines whether this basic block is equivalent to another exception handler.
returns the checksum for the source file.
returns true for a long label.
creates a new secret block.
install package normal by system intent.
create list from temp list and add it to insert list.
read the metadata for the outline file.
decode the run length ( number of leading zeros ).
reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte [ ].
creates a no duplicate value global parameter constraint.
inflate a rhythm overlay from a string containing config strings.
creates a revocationhash using the algorithm from : https : / / en.
creates an instance of this class loader.
checks whether the specified resource has been modified since the last compile.
performs the native flip operation for the contents of the back buffer.
load value from property string value.
return a map with the namespaces of the given soapelement, in element name to string.
draw the hook path.
serializes the bitmap to a byte array with the specified quality and quality.
continue button has been pressed.
flush a ptp packet.
resets the display cache.
copies all the files in the source directory to the dest directory.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
this method records the recording data.
loads the rewrites from a string into a list of commands.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
the stateconnection that will be used when the read stream is closed.
handle http request.
create a negative number from an array of bytes.
formats the given double value.
removes a list of positions from the adapter.
clears the rectangle's bounds.
returns the colour associated with the specified string, if any, or null.
calculates the rank of the set.
executes a random modifiable variable.
save a file with the given content.
deletes old temp file ( s ).
flushes the unisolated connection.
return a jpeg image from the given data.
invokes despawn on the given object, in such a way that other objects don '
return the topic represented by the eventid.
attempts to match the entire input against the pattern and returns the result.
create the constraint set from the exported project.
decodes a quoted - printable string into its original form.
copies the original extent to the target extent.
returns the class object for the given class object if it is known to have access to the
helper to parse the given style string to create the path effect.
converts a color integer to an angle in the color space.
parses a new size from the current token.
encodes the query parameter using utf - 8 and adds it to this url's query string
create image link with button_name and button_id.
creates a namespace using the provided creator, qualifier, and users.
atomically decrements by one the current value.
update the current circle position with a new position.
clear all elements from this list.
lock to prevent both puts and takes.
clears the cache. deletes all cached files from disk.
updates the publication date and the last media url according to the episode's publication date.
remove our ui defaults for the specified ui control type.
makes this object immutable.
compute an k - nearest neighbor query using a precomputed distance function.
recalculates the positions after a certain position that is not already in the list.
adds an id to a string builder.
creates a new available migration with this version.
called when a comment is to be constructed.
draws an image using the given affinetransform.
displays the profile of an agent.
fill selarray with no selection.
adds a raw name / value pair to the builder.
returns the size of this set.
like datainputstream. readunsignedint except little endian.
view address book country options.
adds a pause listener to the set listening to this animation.
makes the object immutable.
adds a single component to the identifier.
opens a url and returns a uiresult.
invalidates and repaints a specified line.
constructs a bytebanded raster with the given samplemodel.
initialize the uri with the values of p_other.
recursively removes last item from the list and returns it.
returns whether a refresh notification of the specified type is registered.
reads the output of a process.
fills the header and footer fields with the current data model.
add an operand to the filter.
calculates the total amount of collected amt in this receipt info from bri.
skips the specified number of bytes.
removes all ims from this user.
escapes a string for use in ascii property lists.
sets the content - encoding and reads the data from the specified reader.
clears the dictionary caches associated with this surrogate key generator.
takes an array of any type arguments, resulting in a type string.
renames a file. < p / > can only be used for regular files ( not
execute a camera command in a separate thread.
returns an enum set of all valid kind names for the given kind value.
returns the length of this charseq.
serialize the digest response in a simple form e.
populate combos with current combos.
find the preferred json encoding based on the given media type and additional http headers.
converts a bufferedimage to an actual.
sets the start time to the current time.
go to the next view.
checks if is hh : mm.
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
cache a method for lookup.
setbit ( int n ) the leftmost bit in a positive number.
destroys the beans from the given context map.
close given outputstream, ignoring any resulting exception.
returns the node at the specified index.
returns the width of the given character currently represented by the text.
create a directory if it does not already exist, including any necessary, non - existent parent
create an encoder using the given base and wrapping key.
utility method to encode an array of coordinates into a single string.
extracts the weight values for all synapses and stores them in an array.
flushes and closes the connection.
returns true if the given hashes are in the filter list.
ensures that the internal buffer is large enough for the specified number of additional bytes.
determines if the supplied number is a valid number.
trims trailing " / " from the uri if present.
reads the next class dump record and returns a list of pairs of class dump records.
adds alpha numeric to a color.
stop the server in such a way that clients can confirm connection liveness.
copies the contents of the local state into the given array.
attempts to read a response from the given connection.
add an element to the queue, waiting until the queue is empty.
construct a translatablecomponent which does not provide any translation.
adds a part to the part list.
inserts the value into this builder.
returns true if the weapon has the specified nature and weapon name.
dump message to log.
opens the socket connection.
returns the optional conversion if the conversion for the given source value is present in the given target
advances the api to the latest time tree that has passed since the time.
this method calls proc updateuserroles and updates the values of the record passed.
forges and sends the options request.
setup and run a test.
adds the given resource to the list of resources to be deleted.
compute the maximum of two values.
add a container to the list of containers that will be used as the background image.
calls the super method and writes the approximation of the knn distances of this entry to
add a method to the chain of methods after the dot, indicating the this segment is a
gets request object for current thread.
creates a salted pbkdf2 hash of the password.
immediately starts commercial of the given length.
returns a hash code value for this object.
the actual unsubscribe method exposed by this class.
is operating system digital unix?.
disconnect from the client.
determines whether a compound name is a suffix of this compound name.
calculates total height to occupy based on several parameters.
returns true if the string is a syntactically valid regular expression.
used to check whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent.
flushes the binary output stream, padding 0s if number of bits written so far is
attach a footer to the text area of the page.
turns two connective sentence objects into a sentence object.
tests that internal state of the object can not be changed by modifying initial array value.
this method initialises the store by removing all map entries that do not have transaction ids.
creates a new histogram that calculates the cumulative sum of all values in the histogram.
update the icons for the package that user is using.
parses, validates and computes normalized version of gyear object.
adds the attribute values.
test the case where the thread is unparked.
sets the index to indicate that the given commit has been committed.
finishes all fragments and clears the list of closing fragments.
internal method to write contiguous bytes to utf8.
converts the given hex string into a plain string, without throwing an exception.
gets a collection of nodes representing all scenario examples for a given feature.
a helper method for converting a rate in kilobytes and kiloby
returns the next element from the stream.
returns true if field queuesize is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
utility method to convert a double to its string representation.
creates at test indexcreatedevent with random data hit.
validates the given string value against the rule.
get the uri for a given owner.
return a random integer between start and end.
offer the event to the queue, waiting if the event matching the predicate is matched.
returns the algorithm parameter spec.
checks whether the specified character is a valid token character.
draws the lines and points for an ordered set.
create a new element type and associate it with the given name.
create a log tag for a given class.
writes a string followed by a newline.
refrags uri components into a fully - parsed uri.
paints the given ppc on the.
description of the method.
adds another import source.
draws an arrowhead for the object.
initialize the environment for the specified classloader.
unmarshals the parameters of a method from an input stream.
loads the data from the service.
creates a resource name from a resource name and a locale.
obtains a string representation of the objects in a displayable renderer.
draws an icon at the bottom of the icon bar.
synchronizes the update count for a given query and returns the number of affected rows updated.
full reset, will reset the runtime, and clear all properties.
converts the given image into a bufferedimage.
returns true if the thread was cancelled.
removes a directeded edge from the graph.
returns true if the named event can be generated at this point.
receives message and batches as needed.
sets the until date.
decides if given x - coordinate in screen space needs to be interpreted as " within " the
cleans up all the files in the directory specified by baseuri.
this method says if this class can be collided with another class.
update the moving average with the given duration.
submit a task to a queue.
creates a new instance of the task distributor class.
dumps the audio data to the given writer.
adds the field buffered to the current field.
adds an incomplete expansion room to the database.
compute the desired magnitude of a unit vector projected to a given planet model.
trims trailing whitespace from the given charsequence and returns the result.
validates the vnx smis provider request param.
calculates the next trace ( between start and end ) for the given layer.
serializes an object into a byte buffer.
write bytes to the channel.
create a new sensor if all checks are passed system name is normalized to ensure uniqueness.
returns the maximum of the two distances.
fill a shape with the given points.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream, removing prior exif
decodes a base 256 segment.
move the month view to the current day.
converts an ipv4 address to an ipv6 address.
checks whether the template is valid.
get last element without blocking.
normal cdf of the distribution.
gracefully shuts down this connection.
resolve the beginning of a atom.
returns a new instance.
method check if network connection is enabled or not.
called when a tab is closing.
adds a collection to the collection with the passed name, supported, auth scheme, and level
its guaranted that closepacket will be sent before closing connection, but all past and future
replace the collapsed edges of this graph with the original edges.
timing an event to the current car.
creates a new seaglass title pane object.
returns a string representation of this set.
writes a long ( 64 bit ) to the target stream.
given a list of file names and a list of wildcards it returns a list containing all the
returns the charset with the given name.
creates a new integer type vector with the given value.
logs a message with a stack trace.
execute a query. if a listener is set, this method will be called for all rows
build a name from a method signature.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end -
given a library name, return the name of the corresponding map library.
returns the next matcher.
process the loading queues and update the layer manager.
add a private field to the class.
reconstruct the list of fdsubrs for each fd private field.
checks if the given sequence matches the pattern.
initialize the gl object to be used by the opengl es context.
clears the scrap heap.
adds the given request body parameters to the list of parameters that should be included in the token
read characters into a portion of an array.
adds lenient parts from a string.
merge all the children of a node.
negate ( ) for a negative bigdecimal.
creates a new instance of the given class and binds it with the given parameters.
creates the setup panel with the given experiment.
add a listener object that is notified about changes in the simulated memory. this listener will
process the command line options given in the form " outputdir " or " language ".
determines if zoning is required for a given db client.
creates an xmltree with the filtered tokens and fills in the root element.
does the attribute have a name value?.
returns true if this charseq starts with the given prefix.
returns true if this window is contained in the window manager and false otherwise.
support for reporting bound property changes for integer properties.
starts fading to the specified layer.
computes the hash code of a repeated boolean field.
constructs a new abstractsurfaceobject instance with the given source.
parses a sootmethodstring which is a formatted string representation of a sootmethod and
this should be called once each time a new voice is selected.
finds the start of a column.
turn a color string into a color object.
this method determines the set of modules required for processing.
get the distance between this vector and another one.
calculates the elapsed time in milliseconds for all gcbeans registered with this gcbeanmanager.
shut down this interpreter, effectively ending its write ( ) call.
adds elements to sourcelist if they are not already in the entrylist, and returns the
start a nested object.
send a stream of messages to the kafka server.
creates a string of a given length containing the given character.
adds the specified connection to the list of connections to be displayed.
trims leading and trailing whitespace from the given text and removes all other characters from the array
adds the given listener to the list of listeners.
called when consume finished.
test bulk get / put byte [ ] methods with fixed size.
concats the arrays, returning the result as an array of doubles.
ensures that the external array tmp has at least the specified number of elements, increasing its size
adds a new value to the stats.
adds a continuation element to the test elements, with the specified session number.
calculates rotation angle between a center point and a target point.
returns the number of matching characters in the sequence.
create a crlnumberextension with the integer value.
verbose log message with printf formatting.
calculates the log probability of a normally distributed message centered at mu.
returns the pid with the given tolerance.
called from native code when the user has finished dragging a source drop.
write the current rowkey contents to the log and return it.
insert the entry at the specified index in the dynamic table.
extracts the secret access key from the given uri.
dials the user to create a phone.
add a class to the list of safe classes.
check if there are still items in the active list.
returns whether the script is still running.
parse the given resource into steps.
tostring returns a string representation of this object.
verifies exception if there are no snapshots on the journal.
check if the row match an ip address.
quick power, with a max relative error of about 2.
returns the canonical path of the class to the entry path of the enclosing class.
write to the stream without writing to the stream itself.
all annotations declarations nested inside of a package.
paste from this structure to a ways list.
performs an immediate update to the cursor for the connection.
returns true if the mouse event specifies a middle mouse button.
adds a success message to the success message list.
method to handle start stopped check box change.
close the input stream.
returns the next available log segment sequence number.
asserts that a specific language is set.
the on - block exploded generator used to generate a random fuse.
queries if there are queued threads.
gets the amount of time that the agent last started, so that it can be treated as
equivalent to assert cond : value ;.
adds a definition to the definition.
create a sourcedata quality object from its xml representation.
returns the qname for the given output class.
generates a jwt as per section 5.
exports one or more symbols from an array of symbols.
is the given bit fulfilling?.
add a data source listener.
finds the effective annotation in the qualifier hierarchy sub - tree.
changes to the fail state.
reads n bytes from an inputstream into a byte [ ], starting at " pos "
computes the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors.
set the state of the current group as finish ( ).
cancels included output or input only.
kills all entries in the tree.
creates an error dialog.
checks that the given index header is of the expected suffix.
internal method for printing a tag with attributes.
this function is used to parse a disk string.
returns true if the given object is trusted for trust with the context.
creates a new persistent search request control.
connects the neurons in the specified synapse group to the corresponding source neurons
multiply a character by a character.
this method is called by the - - operator for the class charsequence.
zone change listener.
write a byte to the store.
creates the start listener object.
returns the contents of this table as a flat list.
resets this object so that it is no longer needed.
a hashing method that changes a string ( like a url ) into a hash suitable for using
update the current average with the new timestamp.
ensures that the test case fails after the test case.
parses the given string using the current buffer size.
get the default max radius.
returns the contents of the receiver as a char array.
returns the number of pending workers.
inserts a component at the specified position in this list.
unescapes a string using the specified escape character and split character.
append an input stream to an http url.
creates a new map with the same mappings as the given map.
adds a single rule to the specified selector.
appends the given bytes to the end of the read data section.
returns true if the latest dss keystore was found.
initialize a resourcebundle for the current thread.
construct a layer graphic warehouse support object for the omdrawingtool.
check if the name of the source file matches the convension rule.
remember a factory for a host that will be added to the success table.
returns the next character at the current position, or "? " if there are no more
removes first entry ; returns its snapshot.
creates new task cancellation exception given throwable as a cause and source of error message.
normalizes a source array to the length of the destination array.
removes all elements that are obsolete from the names and shared elements.
removes an action from the list.
calculates the error function for the buffer distance given a quadsegs number.
returns next fasta record.
adds a character to the element.
returns true if the ifd id is a valid ifd id type.
removes the given child from the group.
check to see if this storageport already exists.
appends a split element to the end of the list.
creates a new osm handler.
flush and close the stream.
returns the direct connection object that will be used by this http server.
appends the national number to the given national number.
creates a copy and deletes the selected objects.
stops this ledger and interrupts all threads the ledger is running.
releases all resources to the index.
configures the server by reading the class path and setting the class path to " test "
writes the transform to the file.
signum ( ) for a positive bigdecimal.
creates a new chain by appending the given element to the beginning of this chain.
gets the operator kind from the next token stream.
starts a drag from the selected ui selector to the specified target ui selector.
queue up sync entries for the given cursor.
removes a series from the list.
convenience method to add glue to a component.
writes the given result to a file.
this class should not be instantiated.
this method will be used to write blockletinfo to file.
print a tree as tree.
replaces the regular expression with the replacement.
compares two characters string.
internal method to adjust the file size to the actual length of the file being read.
creates a collection of subnet pin ordered according to the given collection.
creates a js method invocation expression.
does the double click action ( does nothing ).
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization.
drop all tables with the given db.
creates a new disk segment.
check if the email exists in any of the people.
a function to find the maximum of two values, but ignoring any double.
sets shared lock on the directory block so that it can be used for modification on the block
remove a reference from the new connection.
tests if queue starts with a letter or digit.
get a new vacuum environment.
generate a file for a remote class.
add long click listener view.
removes a point from the list of points.
creates a photo object from the given file.
converts an array of longs into a long.
handle the case where we hit an end of file or end of line.
pass mouseevent straight through to delegate.
remove formatting from a line of irc text.
xor for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
prints the charging times and charge log entries.
checks if rdns is empty.
this method writes the local csv file for the most recent data.
creates organization configuration for an organization.
deletes an authentication domain from the realm.
add a sourcecoderemark on the given element with a preset evidence element collection.
fired when an action has been added or deleted.
save document entity in async mode.
tell whether this stream supports the mark ( ) operation.
resolve parent relation name, which is either a constant or a variable to be looked up in
create a new bytecolumn.
converts a sql select query into a query node.
executes a script file on the given file path with the given function name and execute the context
creates a new instance of domparserfactory.
format the sample rate as a string.
returns true if this cache has been closed.
start our processor thread.
creates a new types simplifier from the given package name and set of referenced types plus the
escaped a byte array.
returns a native string name for this object.
returns the contents of a dom document as a plain text string.
get an instance of a mongoclient for the given seed addresses.
cast a string value to a boolean value ( primitive value type ).
determine if there are more work to run.
sets the seed value.
generates the class file containing the bytecode for all the frames in this class file.
check the compatibility version for compact font format.
run this test with the command line arguments supplied.
if the given feature is a mosesize, replace it with a pattern string note :
calculates the approximate height of a text, depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e
checks whether the connection should be shutdown.
checks if the queue of threads is blocked by dependencies and executes unblocked tasks.
callshortmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a short value.
fires a property change of a boolean property with the given name.
remove all the markers that have been added to the map.
captures string from current position.
returns a localized string representation of the given long value.
test parse client handshake packet.
runs the test case.
check to see if a frame value is valid.
this method can be used to create an appropriate template for the provided string value.
returns whether the component should take focus.
initiate signature type by key.
filters the zones to get a list of zones for the initiator ports and returns a new map
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified.
writes the postresource xml element to a jar file.
closes the current output file.
creates a typedeventlistener wrapping a listener of the given type.
return a list of child nodes of the given node that are children of this node.
initializes and returns a corleone context for the specified job context.
calculates logarithm of an array of integers.
add a method to the method list.
add the replication factor header to the request.
show the initial splash window.
protected helper method to decode line suffix of a pushbackinputstream.
add a transaction to the server.
determine the space between the first two fingers.
returns true, if the method is contained in the poly.
create a new jkk namespace.
select the attribute set instance id.
ensures that the file is open.
test the canonicalizing cache.
prints an object to standard output and flushes standard output.
stops the worker thread.
reads bytes from a given file reader until either a specified character sequence is read, the buffer
generate the graph file.
close an outputstream passed in.
method for beancontextchild interface.
checks if the entry is expired.
helper method to load the user info into the action bar.
returns the direction direction direction corresponding to the arrow key for the given event.
construct a trace graph, wrapping a collection of spans.
is the document persistent?.
makes a date from separate strings for month, day, year, hour, minute, and
schedule a failed task.
finds the configuration file in the working directory.
adds a word to the end of the current line.
this method is called when a preference is clicked.
read the www - authenticate header.
returns the string representation of the given boolean value.
tests if messages are being sent.
adds + live to the query.
gets the contents at the given uri.
returns true if the given key exists, false otherwise.
creates a new allocation site for a given line and column.
draws an image, applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing.
parse an int from characters.
performs a sample of the activity.
computes the extreme locations of the great circle where the extreme is based on the
initialize the checkbox with specified checked and enabled state.
paint the check mark in enabled state.
tries to find the character at the given uri.
write log file to disk.
reload images to avoid memory leaks.
create an instance of a dnsrecord.
blocks on provided stream until all rows are read or the timeout is reached.
adds a content specification node to the given element.
expands the hash " spine " - equivalent to increasing the number of buckets in a
reconnect to the server.
gets all the records found on the port.
returns a string representation of the buffer.
checks to see if a particular variable has a change event.
reset the xmlparser object.
computes the distance between this circle and another circle.
creates a new simplecommand with provided command name and list of arguments.
increases the size of the array to ensure that it can hold at least one more element.
convert a table to lower case.
creates an instance with the specified selection modifiers and add to selection graph.
breadth - first search implementation on your graph.
creates the view and analyzes the type.
checks if the number of arguments passed to this function is greater than the number of arguments passed
send multicast announcement packets to the server.
creates a new instance of drawingattributes.
closes the scanner.
creates the policy tree to the specified organization.
rollback method for create snapshot.
converts a string denoting an amount of time into seconds. strings are expected to follow this
detach given activity from the list of maps.
read the action ids from the shared preferences and change the visibility of the menu.
tries to add a download to the active list.
add a complete expr mapping to the tlacodenextline.
check to see if a hunk is upper case camel case.
parses the given string as a type name.
returns true if this member provides the identifier, false otherwise.
remove redundant affix w - items from str_list.
returns the next random integer between 0 and n - 1.
resumes updates for today.
keep track of the last used time in milliseconds.
check if the given element can contain the given child element.
extract the arcs that are specified as an input object id.
this tests whether a list of string is duplicate.
updates the stats for the given conditional density estimator.
return true if this file should be shown in the directory pane, false if it shouldn '
add two numbers of the same length.
starts a new poll for a connection.
increments the access count for this user.
compares two double values for equality.
convert bitmap to byte array.
creates new form configurecoerceive parsing.
calculates the log of the given number using the given base.
evaluates the uf3 problem.
construct a new filenamestream descriptor with the specified extensions. < p / >.
reads a block of data from the input stream.
adds a run to the list of runs.
converts this converter to a copy of the given array, using the given converters.
add a output sensor with specified state to this sensor output process.
initialise this channel with the data read from the specified socket.
resets player state back to prepare.
if a value is present, invoke the specified consumer with the value, otherwise do nothing.
send a housecode to reach a specific intensity.
reads the next token from standard input, parses it as a float, and returns the float
creates a new scheduler.
. util. arrays # fill ( int [ ], int, int, int ).
calculates control width and creates text layouts.
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values.
always return true since we are checking that the current scope is not static / non - static
description of the method.
converts an iso 8601 datetime string into a human readable time string.
sends a plain text message.
returns a string object representing this byte's value.
remove this thread from the set of running threads.
construct a new docknodeeventhandler for the given node.
read the index indexing log for a source.
on disk license file will be removed.
returns the test net parameters.
transfers all queued requests to the channel.
reads the event and its attributes from the input stream.
updates the bounds for the fast scroller.
creates a new dnetscapecertificaterenewalurl dialog.
method to create a directory in the specified parent.
is operating system windows8?.
returns the set of unused functions.
used to add values to a list from start ( inclusive ) to end ( exclusive ).
returns the list of proxy instances that do not require access to the proxy manager.
adds a list of includes ( in the existing list of definitions ) to the existing list of
adds an observation to the dataset.
defines a tally variant of a given record, using the default sample names.
read some bytes from the stream.
creates a new ldif change record writer which will append lines of ldif to the provided
will update the preson information.
remove item from list, and notify.
check if a license is available and if not, show an error message.
add a new geo key to the index.
detects a geo time serie, based on a set of patterns.
dumps the candidates in a human - readable format.
flatten a boolean [ ] into an xmlserializer.
add a outbound rule to the flow.
create a skype object.
called from ontouchevent to end a drag operation.
a private helper method that adds the layout flags.
matchcertificate - return the name of the certificate that was found in the keystore.
purge old articles by the amount to purge.
move all views ( excluding headers and footers ) held by this abslistview into the
creates a new proxy verifier object.
we override this to set the translate ( ) value on the graphics before the text is paint
output the value before the key.
transfer from one stream to another and do not close i / o.
test the configuration files option with copying of subdirectory.
adds two numbers using the provided pattern and checks if they are within the specified range.
serialize the compact rdf structure.
adds a checkbox to the specified container.
pushes the current state onto the stack.
drop an existing full text index for a table.
returns the element at the top of this stack without removing it from the stack.
add processor to pipeline.
adds the given byte array to the given script builder.
initializes the resource name with configuration information, usally set by the administrators.
deletes the least - used entry from the pool.
convert less than one thousand.
checks whether the uri represents an embedded base 64 image.
change the state of the service.
attempt to parse link label, returning - 1 if not found.
read the contents of a file as a string.
invoked when a processing exception occurs.
checks if the user should have access to the app.
closes the current saving file and saves the file to disk.
selects a operator based on the current window and a random number from the operator list.
splits this string s to chunk, splitting the string by the delimiter's '.
below method will be used to convert boolean arr to string.
convenience method for decoding buffers from a string.
clears the list of buttons and sets the state of the buttons to their default state.
convert a color to a brighter color.
stops all the network threads.
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send.
executed when the scattered write is completed.
write the golomb code of a value.
add a force to the list.
converts a number elem to a metric value.
returns true if the given sequence overlaps with the current sequence.
constructs a new b - measure by specifying the values of k1 and b - measure k
prepare - e. g., get parameters.
checks if the service is working.
convenience method to convert a csv string list to an array.
this method will be used to read from file based on offset and length.
fatal error : this is a fatal error.
makes a backup of the given file.
push a pair of nodes onto the stack.
execute rm command to remove storage.
when running on a slave, adds container configuration to the labels map.
forcibly read game settings from file.
deletes a set of users.
checks to see if the filename matches any of the wildcards.
removes a region from the map.
a utility function to close an input stream without raising an exception.
overrides org. xml. sax. helpers. defaulthandler # startelement (
stops the websocket selector thread.
creates a new storage which uses the default storage directory.
calculates the bar width and stores it in the renderer state.
opens the camera and starts sending preview frames to the underlying detector.
adds a breakpoint listener.
updates the display area of the window, if it is showing.
release waiters with the specified phase.
returns an initialized dateformat object.
prints the stack trace of the exception to debug log.
looks for the type parameters of the given element.
create a new block with no push status.
returns the poisson distribution function.
finds the expression for the given source.
put the channel in the store without notifying listeners.
deletes all files and subdirectories under " dir ".
pipe input stream to output stream.
releases the detector. if the thread is terminated, it is notified. otherwise, it is
trim all occurrences of a given leading character from the given string.
retrieves the element at the tail of this queue, waiting if necessary until an element with an
checks if we have a thread safe timeout for the given amount of time.
submit a task for execution on the image executor.
adds the attribute selection attribute to the list of attribute selections.
create the left - over bytes for the current line.
return a sample of the action values from the distribution.
this method cannot be called directly.
configures the head less simulation.
check if this id corresponds to the'next'execution window.
determines whether the specified class is visible to the specified class loader.
remove this event from the queue.
creates a xml builder.
returns true if the argument is a one - character string specifying whether or not it should be
add all elements in array to list.
removes supercardtoast from the list.
test vmstat header and data parse.
generate a key based on the given password, encoded as base64.
partially escapes the assertion values. < br >.
remove the view at the given index from the list of children.
returns whether or not a prefix has already been declared.
step method not to be implemented.
calculate the attack status for a creature and a main hand.
creates a vertex processor.
releases the lock to the pool.
validates that the replica availability is correct.
return this as a classdeclaration or throw unsupportedoperationexception.
convert a spec into a human - readable name.
converts the given charsequence to an input stream, encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding
gives an error if the search is not successful at the end of the search string.
this method deletes a photo by cheque id.
calculates the partial correlation coefficient of two matrices.
add a column to the table.
increments put and get time accumulators.
check if the saturation is valid.
get the string representation of one cell of a layout constant.
update a pseudo property name on this object.
runs the specified command and returns the exit value.
returns the selectable channel.
test date. equals ( ) for iiiiii. date. equals (
convert an array tag into a string.
adds the choosable file filter to the jeditorpane.
retries reg enum - value max_value_length times before giving up.
constructs a datetime object from the string format.
evaluates the given model on the given dataset and returns the model containing the validation results.
add an annotation in the page.
this method is used to find the provider id that is associated with the provider id specified in
this method will check and create the directory.
assert the specified values have been received in the declared order.
returns true if redundant rebuild is required since this journal was created.
prints a float followed by a newline.
extract a register from the translation.
post processing on failed authentication.
returns the interceptorors for the given method, or null if not found.
remove all phis from the ir, if present.
counts how many times the token appears in the target string.
this method will initialize the coverage map for all given tests.
this will build route interceptors for an array of resources and methods.
check gml footprint validity.
tests various methods of this class.
compute probit ( inverse cdf ) for expgamma distributions.
makes a pbe cipher parameters from the given bcpbe key and algorithm spec.
the quick assist assistant.
writes a single byte at the specified offset from this native object's base address.
add a validation error to the list.
parses an option setting string into a map.
generate client credentials using aes - cbc algorithm.
create the solrindex to use from the given solrcore.
starts the guided tour by parsing the given json string.
run random tests with the given word length, and byte padding.
adds a listener to notify when the button is triggered ; the listeners will be called serially
clamp magnet to get the range [ absmin, absmax ].
handles a'click'on the plot by recording the rendering info.
adjusts the bytecode instruction index to accomodate the barrier to accomodate
used to have some meaningful info on this object.
replaces all of the elements in the given vector that are contained in the specified subarray,
creates a directory in the system with the given name.
synchronize all authentication data of the current user.
creates an element in the xml encryption space.
move all views remaining in mactiveviews to mscrapviews.
the method that draws the ui for the current animation.
returns true of the http proxy settings, false if the proxy host is not set.
check if the expression is equal to its default static value.
parse a string to a map with the default key and value separator.
this method is called when the size of the graphic is changed and setups the view.
check if there is still enough space to draw the new buffer and create a new one.
creates a website address that matches the given origin or host or port string.
test the filter timezone from a temp file.
resets the pending tele missile attacks list.
adds random padding to the given byte array.
adds the commands that are at the top of the page stack.
returns a string representation of the matrix contents.
inserts a sequence of statements at the end of this sequence when the sequence object is not null
notify that the service has changed its state.
compute a elasticity score for a spot.
consume the contents of httpentity into a byte [ ].
returns the first foo in the ordered set where uuid = & # 63 ;.
round a float value to a defined precision.
creates a new runner instance with the specified locale, and environment scope.
is operating system windows me?.
converts a date to a string with special missing value handling.
computes the preferred size of a component given a form specification and cell size.
compares two asts to see if they have the same element type.
appends the data to the provided stringbuilder.
returns a string representation of l.
resets the position to the beginning of the line.
read a single byte from an inputstream.
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default
returns true if this authn request is a idp request.
compile the prolog into a temp directory.
removes all the listeners.
create a selectioninputdialog whose combobox can be editable.
create the solrindex to use from the provided solrcore.
convert a class name from the classpath to the resource path.
creates a new uri with the given scheme, part and fragment.
adds a new solution to the population and returns its id.
returns a byte array containing the contents of the buffer.
create a disk in the specified project.
performs domain - match as defined by the rfc 509.
disables the attribute with the given name.
generates the instruction to push the given handle on the stack.
encodes the request body in the following format : <? x - www - form - urlencoded
look up a key from the set of standard keys.
write this string to the given output.
returns the toggle node property of this control.
decode the octets in a byte buffer and append it to the string buffer.
construct a vector by appending one vector to another vector.
reverses ongoing animations or starts pending animations in reverse.
starts the cleanup thread.
support for reporting changes for constrained integer properties.
correctness test for the jelinek - mercer lm model.
receives and stores the sinks for a given source.
converts the passed dto to a user object.
generates the statement to drop a single external foreign key from the given table.
obtain a lock on the file.
put a data object into the fits header.
collects a list of affected files.
update the position of a particle based on the elapsed time.
resets all tick labels and positions.
returns true if the given targetposition is within the current bounds.
emits the same statement indices in a triple store, but only for the last index that
show a menu item.
put an option boolean value.
determine the target page based on the velocity and the fling distance.
converts a given cell to a string form.
make a deep copy of this point vector.
converts a glob into a regular expression with the specified separator.
force the no loss to be stored.
this function splits the string into multiple strings, with the supplied separator character.
test splitons ( with semicolon ) method, of class.
removes the object at the destination array offset.
creates a new dictionary adapter with the given context, dbname and default table.
returns true if the given tab is associated with a non - destroyed activity.
creates a new http stream wrapper object.
add a file to the list of files to be processed.
description of the method.
create a hull that includes two points.
reads a short ( 16 bit ) from the source stream.
prints the string representation of the specified input integer to the target.
creates a proximity node to a given graph.
checks if zoning is required on the given db client for the given varray uri.
sends a reply to the server.
creates a frameset with a specified name and delay.
navigate to dump, scroll to selected path.
add messages to the end of the list.
helper to make a random cache entry.
perform a gl swap and return the success or error code.
constructs a list of window of size windowsize.
builds a path from a json path.
underlying implementation of add ( array, index, element ) methods.
returns the double value of the double.
converts the data set into a single line matlab string.
constructs a new binaryfile with the specified file as the input.
create an object output stream for this file.
get the set of keys for resident entries.
add certificate validity to the validity list.
adds policy listener to policy cache.
verify the cache and return the result code or warning message if the cache is expired.
returns a new scripting engine for the specified file name.
finds a raw module by its id.
extracts the value of an argument from a list of arguments using the given type for instances.
obtains a local date in japanese calendar system from the proleptic - year
recover the entry identified by the given alias from the corresponding keystore.
returns a new url that will load from the given base url.
min ( ) for unequal bigdecimals.
creates a new wiser server object.
concatenates an elements to an array.
set the camera position to truck, and change all positions depending on the size.
shutdown the scheduled executor service.
resets this builder to its initial empty state.
deflate current string to a new string.
splits the list index into two based on the size of the list.
send an error log message with printf formatting.
add property change listener.
cleans a directory without deleting it.
finds min version from cache version.
constructs a new dimensioned scalar with the given field value.
receive notification of character data inside an element.
computes the standard deviation of the kernel.
a method that extenders can override to initialize their own properties.
inserts the specified element at the specified position in this list.
creates new manager based on data stores.
returns true if the item matches the pattern of this element.
returns the passed value, if any, or a non - null default value.
compares the last received key / value pair to the last msg.
paint this track component.
converts a time string into a sql time object.
choose an alias to authenticate the client side of a secure socket given the public key type and
pdf of rayleigh distribution.
invoice line - charge. - updates priceactual from charge - sets pricelimit,
parses the document and returns the list of actors.
brokera < - brokerb - > brokerc.
write the table to the wsp stream.
discards the current thread's current thread.
converts a semicolon token to ansi token.
write the packet to the buffer.
this method registers the associated file types with the extensions given in parameter.
parses a string into an integer.
returns requestsecuritytokenresponse object based on the data in the xml string.
request a resource via the specified resource request.
filter items by level.
returns the index of the largest value in an array that is less than ( or optionally equal
add a symbol to the set.
replaces unprintable characters by their escaped ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given
return the number of elements in this list.
converts a base64 string into a long value.
returns the smallest ( " bottom " ) n values in the column.
sums the score for each outlink, assuming an outlink is on the same page as
close and release any graphics that are currently going to be drawn.
browses a file and returns the list of files in the file system.
append a textual representation of the charsequence.
create a new wizard initial object creation page.
unwraps user data to the application buffer.
returns whether the specified attribute is specified by the specified attribute handle.
checks whether the user has permission'joda - time '.
stores password in shared state.
removes the given child node from the list of children of this node.
float value of a small positive bigdecimal.
returns a new external process result that waits for process termination.
refresh the inherited methods of the given super class.
overridden to indicate that the relation has failed.
changes the state of an annotation document within the repository.
remove an edge from the graph.
handle a long key press event.
returns true if at least one of the nodes in this node list matches the given pattern.
writes the given number of bytes from the given file into the given buffer, starting at the
creates datasets from resourcebundle files.
checks to see if the given object is a cglib proxy.
this method calculates the indents for the current image rotations.
tests fix for bug # 30530, statement.
checks repeated boolean field equality ; null - value and 0 - length fields are considered equal.
puts the given annotation into the front.
adds a frame to the animation.
formats a unicode character code point as a string.
cleans up the uploaded file ( if it was deleted ).
start ssl shutdown process.
extract a thumbnail bitmap from the given width and height.
write the contents to package.
returns an array of events.
decode the pkcs9 attribute set from the given derinputstream.
process an attribute string of type t_prefix into a list of names to be looked up
returns a shallow copy of this result set.
dumps a long value to a stringbuffer.
type a special character.
tests for equality, taking into account nulls.
return true if the mime type is a known mime type.
returns n + 1 elements from the given iterable, starting at the given ` startid `
writes the class info of the given object to the pdxwriter.
write int to buffer.
returns true if the priority queue is empty.
create a new viterbipoint with item.
draws the bottom edge of the border around the content area. draw broken line if selected tab
emits a method to add a field to a list.
parse a pem encoded key.
take a publisher and prepare to consume it on parallallism number of'rails '
returns the next recurrence from a rule.
adds a variable and its value to the assignment queue.
returns a canonical representation of the url if it starts with " http : / / ",
read a command line argument from the current process.
calculates the duration of an animation, which is based on the initial velocity and displacement in
compute the unscaled norm of a vector.
determines the height of this view.
inserts a byte at the current position in the buffer.
compute the mean of the vectors.
create a new sprite from one or more sprites.
close this output stream and the underlying output stream.
creates sync token for given date and uuid.
returns true if a and b are equal, whether or not either of them are null.
initializes this etcdclient object with the given flagz directory.
close inputstream without a exception.
test the ability to choose a random extremity monitor from a set of extremity values.
replaces all occurrences of a character in a string with another.
creates a new form for currencypair.
creates a canonical representation of this type declaration.
open other uri in activity.
wait for all active and live replicas to become available.
adds the specified object to the end of this vector.
return whether or not the rp copy has been created.
split a file path into sub - paths.
returns true if the given taxa is compatible with the given list of available taxa.
draws the text of a label.
indicates whether this object contains map objects.
executes all registered actions, throwing an exception if any.
dumps the list of thread roots for a given width.
internal : add field name translation to the embeddable mapping.
returns the minimum dimensions needed to layout the components contained in the specified target container.
checks if a given resource has changed within a given group.
creates a telurl based on given uri string.
creates an example set based on the given support vectors and a kernel.
resets the singelton object, initializes it, and restarts the singelton process
creates a new sorter.
obtains the string representation of this object.
log pdf of gumbel distribution.
generate the format for a codec.
report a comment anywhere in the element.
returns the maximum element of this stream according to the provided key extractor function.
find a commit in the index.
starts the underlying animation.
prints the stack trace of an exception to a string.
splits a variable name into its left and right name.
end a child thread managed by the launcher's launcher, this is called when the launcher
registers transport object in jspace container.
update the table according the data in the annotation.
stops the video fading edges screen timer.
removes a timeout event listener.
process the generic properties file to create global properties for the class.
put a table lock object for the given absolute table identifier.
get random element from list.
updates a mapping from a map to an immutable set.
waits for the specified invocation to complete in the specified thread, in the specified timeout milliseconds.
define a slice of locals.
gets connection from the data source and sets its auto commit flag.
report a non - fatal error.
invoked when the mouse has been pressed on a component.
decodes the given base64 string.
this is used to evaluate the function.
returns a set view of the keys contained in this object.
outputs a list of content.
compute the degree of a polynomial that is greater than f.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
appends a text representation of the given char to the given string builder in hexadecimal notation.
logs all the contents of the bootstrap map to system.
returns a vector of options based on an enumeration of options.
adds a token to the tokens array.
generate a filter for large value sets.
add platform and agent tags to the builder.
helper method to load the build number from the meta data of a bundle.
build a random left regular bipartite graph segment of the given left degree, using random
we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable.
configure the http request.
convert integer values to title.
unescapes the character identified by the character or characters that immediately follow a backslash.
loads parameters from an input string and writes to an output file with the pack file name.
read replicator. properties from the replicator. conf file.
converts a double to a local number format.
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
converts a list of longs to an array of longs.
update the enabled state of menu elements.
tests whether cache contains all elements that are not present in the underlying map.
formats a list of strings into a single string.
mbeannotification support - delegates to broadcaster.
cummin / cummax, opcode : ucummin / ucummax, dense input
given a source directory and a list of modulespecs that possibly contain wildcards it returns a
report the list contents of error conditions in the process as a string.
getissuername ( ) method testing.
advances, and starts the kinesis reader.
creates a new xa instance based on the supplied properties.
convert degrees to decimal degrees.
include a header view ( such as the bottom up ).
check if the path is absolute.
initializes the demand and collection map for prepare fields and rebates fields.
returns the instance specified by the given index.
clones this recipe into the specified nominal output, using the specified function to clone.
writes & lt ; tag & gt ; value & lt ; font & gt ; to the
writes a subarray of bytes to the bytebuffer.
connects to the server.
returns true if all data has been written to the file.
configure okhttpclient to use it to connect to the server.
parses an ini file and returns the contents as a string.
generates a testsuite for this class.
load a single oml element.
create an omraster, lat / lon placement with an imageicon.
starts the dequeue threads.
this method gets called when a bound property is changed.
asserts that the given objects are equal using the equals ( ) method.
converts flags into a string containing a flag names.
this method extracts the sql from the supplied object ( if any ) and returns it as a
indents the current tree.
adds a fake view to the layout.
compile a list of projects.
displays a dialog with a list of contacts.
resolves the result with the current result.
adjusts the name and positions of the node so that it can be used as a new
create the snapshot object with the passed unity snap data.
save the configuration properties to file.
returns count of items in the list.
constructs a uri from the template, substituting in the provided arguments.
disposes the native resources associated with the given d3dsurfacedata ( referenced
writes the given file as a kanji resource file.
creates a new scannerexception for a file with a message.
render the normals into a texture.
find all resources by type.
calculate the y values of each entry.
decrement the ledger's reference count.
computes size of the asts in a subtree.
finds a tcp connection for the given thread.
estimate the distribution for a given number of events.
reads repository meta data from given inputstream.
util method to check if the datatype of the specified element is a primitive ( i.
appends a new line to the end of the contents list.
called after the database has been updated to perform any post processing that needs to be done in
returns true if the node is in the set.
creates a new temporary file and persists it to disk.
add a new timestamp value pair to the write set.
load the given unit.
performs cleanup and bookkeeping for a dying worker.
finishes writing compressed data to the output stream without closing the underlying stream.
frees the object. if the free list is full, the object will be garbage collected
returns whether the given key is registered in the given injector or not.
create an internal service from a service name.
returns the status of the index.
creates a tagging decorator for the given output stream.
returns the messages in this list.
stores given short value.
calculates the sha - 256 hash of the given byte range and then hashes the resulting hash again
creates a new instance of fsm.
set the value for the specified key.
makes the object immutable.
returns the native library specified by the system name, or the path to the library if it
removes the given component listener from this instance.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns true if the string is null or 0 - length.
assert that the given buffers have the expected values.
check if a term can be indexable.
sends a response to the server.
decodes an encoded string using the specified aminputstream.
causes the current thread to block until signalshutdown is called.
adds a connection to the dispatcher.
distance between the given point and this point.
convert a string to an integer.
creates a new chain iterable by appending the given item to the end of this chain.
caution : while the background thread should be slowed down, updates of the gui have
run the client thread.
gets a list of all keys in the cache.
creates a new dialogue recorder connected to the dialogue system.
generate unique future id.
reschedule any missed alarms.
add a column name.
perform an asynchronous min operation.
changes to the specified state.
converts gmonthday object representation to string.
adds a new test to the test list.
swaps two elements in the list.
build domain name value pairs from plug - in meta - data.
allows this closeable to be used within the closure, ensuring that it is closed once
test if the given string is matched in the given set of patterns.
add a server to the pool to be tracked.
add a leaf to the tree.
convert stamp stamp stamp to string format.
set the'content - length'request header to the given value.
draw the circle on the provided canvas.
modify lun, export / unexport / expand, etc.
replaces the target with the replacement.
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values.
indicates whether some other object is " similar to " this one.
stores track of analytics data asynchronously.
adds a tuple to this tupleset, but only if it's not already there.
puts a song in the current list.
filter elements by name and class.
emits a map put call for the given field.
equals implementation using a business key.
provides the right name of the node for display.
parses json from input source.
removes a listener from the list that is notified each time a change to the data model occurs
replaces the string between startindex ( inclusive ) and endindex ( exclusive ) with the replace
recursively adds a permission to a directory.
run a timeout task.
learns a new entity.
tests whether the given type signature is a valid type signature.
remainder of division of equal numbers.
checks to see if any of the group children of an action group are visible.
checks that the number of arguments specified in the type snippet are valid arguments.
randomize the incoming weights, and normalize them.
save a region of the picture as an image file.
method to check if the file name and method name are valid.
remove a class from the list of src classes.
updates the range values.
closes the current scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket.
appends the given bytes to the buffer.
checks if there is enough space on the phone.
method to handle cancel button.
associates a particular attribute with a given value.
converts old value type to new value type.
description of the method.
records a dialoguestate with a given name.
returns a utf - 16 encoded bytes, write it to the underlying stream.
create a new connection to a geo server.
used to verify that the zip file can be used.
performs maintenance on this pool, evicting the connection that has been idle the longest if either
instantiates a new state info.
compares current object with expected object.
generates the seed of the osm if it does not already exist.
returns true if we need to exclude anything else.
decodes a hex string into a byte array.
creates a list of user namespace authorizations from the list of user namespace authorization entities.
method to read the data header.
draws two text at ( x, y ) coordinates in the canvas.
compares two percent objects.
get a clone of this node with the same proximity positions.
determines if the point outside the preferred size of a table cell has the same coordinates as the
adds a folder of source folders that the scan will scan.
create a workflow method that suspends srdf group service for a given source and target volume
calculate kernel value of m.
create a secure server socket that is connected to the given port, using the given inetaddress
encodes byte data to the stream and writes it to the stream.
delete vplex consistency group by native id.
returns the index of the first key comment that matches the key name.
returns true if this cookie has expired.
checks if we can add shortcut to the home intent supported by our device.
constructs a new inmemoryentrystore.
instantiates a new class annotator.
generate the next uniformly distributed int value.
adds an input stream to the cache for the given connection.
parses the title ( case insensitive ) into an array of strings.
return the selection status of the menu item as a string.
calculate the excitatory ratio of this synapse set.
a repository root has been removed.
inserts a node into the priority queue.
constructs a message that can be used to construct complex names for example.
wrap a linux command into a set command.
parse a sql query into a query object.
returns the index of an element in the tree.
return size of attribute list.
consume the tag name off the queue ( letter, digit, -, _, : "
this method performs a deep sort of the tree, given a set of feature vectors.
removes all the listeners.
decrypts a hexbin string ( handling is case sensitive ).
< p > l ( x [ i ] ) / y [ i ].
recursively add the objects to the hull and return the weight.
updates the display area of the print service attribute, given a print service attribute event.
convenience method for decoding data to a file.
evicts entries that have not been idle in the idle state.
generate a random population.
creates a streaming session that can be customized by adding tracks.
consultar todos locais cadastrados na base de dados.
each column in the result set contains the string ( string ) values and the short array (
appends the given character value to the output.
inserts all elements before the first instruction in the given list.
get a new builder instance.
counts the number of string in the array.
process unprocessed items ( if any ).
popy a vector from the origin ( x ) to the destination ( y ).
goto frame : return ` frame_number `.
delete the attribute value.
push the current attributet on the stack.
called when we finish scrolling the stack.
add a new range with no lower bound.
sends a response to the servlet.
replaces all occurrences of a character in a string.
reads the next line of text from the input stream and returns it as a charsequence.
canonicalizes the given path.
instantiates a new in memory message exchange store.
go to the next music playback service.
draws a bitmap with a stroke.
returns the mqtt device received on this connection.
start collecting abba locking detectors.
overridden to avoid exposing implementation details.
returns the pixel value in meters.
adds a character to the internal buffer checking for closing tags.
computes the length of a vector.
create a cache instance.
creates a new attribute list panel.
this class cannot be instantiated.
removes a photo from this user.
performs a binary search for the specified element in a part of the specified sorted array.
search for the best matching bit set in the readblock based on the percentage and its associated
converts the contents of the specified array to an array.
add a failure to the collection.
dump the state of the stack.
returns a set of all categories in the given set.
loads the listener with the specified id if it exists, or throws an exception.
this method uploads a file to the remote server.
creates an sslsocketfactory that connects to the remote host and port specified in the supplied socket
format the node, recursively.
server helper method to unregister a jmx mbean.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream, removing prior exif
sorts the content of this adapter using the specified comparator.
return true if the exception was caused by an invalid disk access exception.
appends the json representation of the specified string to the end of this array.
create a bundle with the variables and layer name.
set ups the parameters for video capture.
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects.
convert string to date.
create dom from xml input stream.
obtains the string representation of this object.
reset the message count.
schedules a task for execution at a fixed rate with a fixed rate period.
copies the value of the realm attribute from the specified attributevalue.
copy file in assets into destination file.
test if other object is the same.
semantically equivalent to nextafter ( d, 0.
calculate the three - way distance between two keys.
discards any white space characters.
creates a new async selector.
removes the child at the specified index from this element.
find the differences between two strings using the specified deadline and add the differences to the list.
paint the provided painter with the provided transform at the specified position and size.
load all files in the given directory.
checks if the given throwable is suppressed in the given class.
write a variable size long.
updates the data to sign or to verify.
writes default serializable fields to stream.
this method will check if the initiator passed in has a valid initiator.
returns all supported messages, or all supported messages if refresh is true.
read in configuration file.
if there is no field with the specified key, then associate the given value with the specified
combine the results from multiple reads into an array.
checks if the device is a mac os retina.
prints out " object ", followed by a newline.
creates a new activity resolved info object.
operation : [ < rn >, + / - < rm >, lsr # <
ends the building of a formals section.
returns true if the current character is a letter or digit, and the next character is a
extracts project name from the project name in the uri string.
add a reference to the set of references.
resets notes2 to the current status.
add a require - property ( expressed as a property with the given name ) to this requirements
determines whether the point x, y will add a new point to the current pattern ( in
constructs a headrule from a rule.
or for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
submits a new task for processing by the worker thread.
subtract two numbers of different scales using mathcontext ; the first is positive.
allocate an xsqlda object from a rowdescriptor.
writes val to the given vector starting at the specified offset.
checks if the given string is empty ( ie is null ).
adds a listener to be notified when scroll view is scrolled.
get the callbacks associated with this activity or null if this is no longer exists.
set to false at beginning of memory usage.
translates a 2d point on the chart to a screen location.
updates traffic projections shown in the popup window.
log a stack trace at the specified level with the specified exception.
reads a character from the proxied input stream and writes it to the associated branch.
decode the bcd to a string representation.
draw the background of the map background.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
adds a layout editor to the list.
execute wildcard expansion on all files.
create a new host ip interface.
returns the proposals for the currently selected view in the model.
create a new instance.
ensure that the default namespace name is set in the result name.
returns map containing the given entries.
builds and classifies the filtered classifier.
uppercases the first character of a given string.
choose a random index based on the proportions of the array.
checks to see if rect contains enough width to consider page size.
groups siblings ( if not null ) of components.
count the number of non - newline characters.
spanning is specified in the uncompressed grid number.
returns true if the other object is a zone rules object equal to this object.
return a description of the system.
add claimed signer role.
writes a map to a stream.
sleep for the specified number of milliseconds, halting the current thread.
restores the previous system out and system err stream to what it was before.
creates a crt object from a list of crt connections and a list of crt
determines the height of this view.
put byte - array into byte vector.
waits for the task completion.
creates an action having the specified content and priority.
create a list of surrounding islands.
4b basesec | 2b operatorid | 3b tupleid | 3b tuple
calculates the overlap between two rectangles and stores the result in a gap.
moves the current tile position to the next available tile.
check if the entity has myomer booster ( i.
is intent available.
x. net. ssl. sslengine # wrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs,
send connect request to the server.
returns true if the given certificate is a self - signed certificate, false otherwise.
this method calls proc insertuser roles and adds a record in the database.
find the nearest neighbours within distance links of the given start words.
creates an instance from a given date / time pair.
adds a new category / data pair with titles and values.
rewind the file to the start of the current one.
merge this set of intervals into one.
format the object type.
returns sha1 of the given keystore.
pan the specified domain axis around the given input value.
initialize the wave controllers.
create and return an icon label for the check box.
close the frame, dispatching an event to all windows.
deletes the entry identified by the given alias from this keystore.
constructs a new disjoint sets with the given number of elements.
prints the clusters to the specified stream.
adds a feature to the gui attribute of the e00layer object.
removes the entry at the specified position in the array.
returns a multi - value tokenstream wrapping the given field, using the given index analyzer.
checks the trace of a polyline against the shape of a clearance class.
a method that will delete a file or folder only if it is within the'target '
expands the given array to the given size by allocating a new array with the given
encode value into bits.
skip n bytes from the file.
creates the lock file and deletes it on program termination.
handles add ldap attribute mapping request.
returns the value associated with the given key or null if no value is associated.
perform the tasks need for the swf loaded event.
performs quick reply for the current instance.
writes a number of bytes to the rrd file on the disk.
returns true if the identity hash code has changed.
sets the group root to be the root.
binds an internal address to the server.
substitute page header for a specific callback state.
creates a new calendar service using the given timetable pattern.
remove the first occurrence of the specified object from the data.
sets the allowed users of the calling user service to be the specified users.
find the distributed device by name.
read the state of the copy from the given input stream.
interrupt all tasks which are currently running.
constructs a new requestparams instance and populate it with multiple initial key / value string param.
ask the user if the file should be overwritten by another file.
instantiates a new tv show update datasource task.
finds the first line whose offset is equal to the given offset.
clear the sensor selection.
creates an array of the given type, of the given length, of the given component type
load files recursively from path.
restarts the proxy, if it's not closed.
adds the message to the chat room.
create a new key using the specified hash code.
concatenates several int arrays into one int array.
filter flags from a way with one " forward " and one " backward " relation.
read a byte of data.
how big should the nth chunk be?.
returns the tip text for this property.
starts a new query not related to a previous class query.
close current file.
get list of interfaces connected to the device.
clear all data lists of an obd service.
makes an edge between two vertices and another.
sort seqs by sequence sequence sequence sequence sequence sequence id.
associate the given value with the specified key.
insert all files in subdirectory subdirectory of directory which match filekinds into resultlist.
create the button's edge shape.
dispose of object, releasing resources.
a helper method to test a scenario.
creates reserve disk cache directory if not exists.
check whether this extension has been called for the given resource name.
calls the super method and reads the leaf flag of this node from the specified input stream.
creates a new, empty map with the default initial capacity ( 11 buckets ) and load factor
return the criteria that applies to this entity and the or criteria.
creates a new connection factory that is capable to failover to the servers defined in case there is
creates a new printf format for the specified string.
if we're running on jdk 1.
creates a message property key.
adds a waiter node and returns it.
asserts that the given sorted set contains items that are bounded within the bounds of the given
paints the specified border for the specified component with the specified position and size.
this method reads a line by line file and restores the operator check point.
reads the bytecode of a class.
check if the hci is supported by the callerinfo.
creates a new configuration object.
converts a chart coordinate spaced shape to a screen coordinate spaced shape.
add a window to the list of windows that should be shut down.
instantiates a new performance logger.
authenticates to the given list of discoveries, and returns the auth request object with the
constructs a hash from a string of hex characters.
returns the differences of two strings i and j.
checks if the pin represents a numerical run.
returns the type of uri, i.
add glue to a component or a container.
whether the string reference is a resource reference.
wait until required number of nodes leave the barrier.
returns an enumeration of all the members of this principal.
adds a property value expression to the select clause, with the provided as name as provided by
add a class interface to the pool.
cuts the string from the first index of provided substring to the end.
get a registry object from a registry endpoint.
runs the iterator and verifies they are consistent with the ordering of elements in the queue.
initialize the authentication manager associated with the specified authenticateduser.
invokes the finalize method on the given object.
removes the tv show.
method encrypt policy. checks if compliance is enabled and if it is the same as is
checks if the given object is assignable from the given class, returning true if it is
inserts the specified object at the specified location in this list.
returns the age in bytes of the cache in days after the resident has been sent.
returns the index of the element in an array.
invalidate all the switch points of the indy interface.
create a config object from a properties object.
creates a new osxmethod object.
calculates the prediction for the given instance.
called to finish the current wizard.
check whether the given attachment point is valid given the current topology.
fire a cluster change event to all registered listeners.
create a batchedimagerequest with a container.
returns the rgb value for the pixel specified by the pixel.
check to see if the digits that are going to be truncated because of the precision should force
adds a component to the bottom of the panel.
deletes a set of files in a directory.
create a directory in the system's default folder for temporary files.
emit init code.
reads cookie name from request header ( like " set - cookie - name " ).
merges this resource instance with another resource instance in the visited set, if not already covered by
translate a string into a transferable string.
creates a pre - existing byte array of a preview of the given size and returns it as
inserts a child box at a given position.
creates a position at the given offset.
returns a string with the specified number of characters padded on the left.
resets the affinetransform's dtx values.
this method adds the listener to the list of listeners to be notified of events.
mute the given username.
the real guts of parsenetworkresponse.
apply the orientation of this component to the right of the window.
return whether or not the selection is empty.
writes remaining compressed data to the output stream and closes the underlying stream.
creates a new parcelableadapterinstance using the list of items.
fill a specified byte array with random bytes.
draws a triangle to indicate the presence of far - out values.
checks whether the class is a library class.
applies the specified queries to the set of namedobjects.
check if we've crossed a reasonable touch slop for the given child view.
create an xml element with attributes representing an end point.
provide a string representation of this date / time converter.
test where each operation locks one or more resources.
receive notification of the beginning of an element.
returns the contents of this bytebuffer as a byte array.
parse the string value according to the calendar pattern.
compresses the bitmap to bytes then return them as an array.
save a template instance to a file.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
adds a transform tree node to the composite.
removes all terrain's from the hexset and recreates them.
expands a two - digit string into a list of english words.
returns the index within the specified string of the first occurrence of the specified character.
constructs a factory with the provided messages and prefix.
returns whether the frontier is empty.
checks if is enabled.
compute the variance in the array using the given mean.
if there was a user, fetch the user from the database and put it in the request
send a list of locations.
takes an xml node and serializes it into a dom node.
returns true if the given visual is inside the soft wrap, false otherwise.
check if world is valid or not.
clear both rendering and removing items.
moves the given position to the beginning of the list without changing the position.
specifies the current row / column's grow priority.
flushes the buffer to the underlying stream.
generates a label for the specified section.
remove a graph listener.
fade in then stop this audiosource.
execute a command on the server.
increments the charsequence's value starting at the specified offset.
create a service configuration instance by loading the properties from the supplied input stream.
splits the given sentence into words, using the vocabulary.
checks if actions contains a failure action.
adds a string to the dictionary, automatically assigning it a key ( e.
creates a deep copy of a 2 - dimensional int [ ] [ ] object.
checks whether the given tag can be found within this text area.
wait for the messages to arrive.
constructs a date from a string.
copies all the files or directories in the specified source file to the specified destination.
instantiates a new map object.
reads bytes from the input stream.
encodes a string into its base64 form using the default character set.
tests comparison of different number of attributes.
creates a new in space predicate.
deletes a file or a folder.
helper method to prepare statements for sorting keys.
convert an ofinstructionexperimenter to string form.
prints the list of magnitudes in graph representation to system. out.
create an optional client for the zookeeper connection.
add a cv description to the tool tip.
reads the characters in the string until the end character is encountered, returning - 1 if eof
converts the from attribute set to the to attribute set.
closes this stream. the source stream is closed and any resources associated with it are released.
updates amount to the current total amount.
tests the creation of a dataset having duplicate attributes.
evaluate a xpath expression.
reads a dex file into a byte array.
adds a listener to be notified when the animator has been updated.
run commercial of a specific length.
this method adds the children to the sub - tree at the given index.
generates while - clause block and forget all remaining variables in that block.
compute igamma ( gamma function ) for x.
initialize the active slots list.
converts a raml action type to an intent, e.
turn the provided hidden key into an non - hidden key.
removes the mqtt token from the received data.
is explicit all type.
position until the current position has reached the end of the delimiter.
this class cannot be instantiated.
return true if this node is a leaf, false otherwise.
returns true if any characters in the text are valid.
interrupts the specified thread.
overridden to avoid exposing implementation details.
convenience method that creates a border layout container and places the given component at the eastern side
does an update and return the eventid generated. eventid is caught in the listener and
load the layout from a file.
add a tracker for the given file.
converts all separators to the unix separator of forward slash.
tests if the element has a parameter with the given name.
this function will add a record of free memory to the set of windows this function will be
returns true if the given identifier is a sql - 99 reserved keyword.
sort the list according to the given comparator.
write the commit to the journal.
tells whether or not the task name will be generated when appendtaskname is true.
return a printable representation of the given string.
helper to make a random cache entry.
find the maximum of all elements in the array, ignoring elements that are nan.
checks if an xml start element.
parses a long value from the stream.
removes the instance at the specified index from this set.
extracts the access key from the given uri.
do one transaction operation.
helper method to add string value to to to to to to to to string helper.
copies the elements of an array, at a specific index, to the destination array.
create a new site monitor.
union two ip addresses to create a new set.
lookup a vertex by id.
atomically adds the current value to the given atomiclong.
start a web service ( http servlet request, http response ).
returns the square - norm of the components.
p - empirical prior loss.
create addata object and write it to the stream.
creates a new instance of a closeablestaticbitmap.
get a string of text from a label file.
removes the given converter from the set of converters, returning a copy of the converter set.
parses the xstream properties and creates dom4j document structure from them.
truncate a map of messageuid - > maildirmessagename.
dumps the index from the shp file.
compare the name of the reflection parameter with the name of the type the reflection parameter represents.
fill an array with a random number.
escape a string to create a valid json string.
write the contents of this cache to an output stream.
check if the set of elements in the headings hierarchy are applicable, otherwise report an error
returns an iterator over the elements in this array.
returns to the mouse if the mouse is moved from the start of the wheel.
check if given request contains same func and inputs.
checks if the two imfinstances are equivalent, based on their contents.
loads the workspace screen ids in an ordered list.
renders the contents of the given node into the given writer.
macro : expected : parses s, fmts.
multiply a 3d matrix by a specific scale.
changes the state of the entity such that it is consistent with the linked state of the entity
extract a geometry from a buffer by distance.
record the end time that the request was starting.
checks if user is accessible to kibana.
removes all elements from the list.
this method returns the index of the first primitive type in the array, of the given type
load xml configurations from a file.
converts any instance of the given object to a string.
using the trigonometric unit circle, calculate the positions that the text will need to be
flush the journal to the file, but do not write the file.
method called to try to expand shared name area to fit one more potentially shared string. if
adds a request property to this connection.
updates the member information.
is org level only.
decrement this instantrunnable as a runnable.
handles actions from within the property panel.
serializes the given object to a byte array.
resolve a module name into the corresponding modulepointer.
adds a certificate store to this key.
construct a new narclassloader.
get the current block.
substitute a substitution to a set of original types.
check if the last point is scrolling.
tests whether a single filter is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains the same filter.
creates an edge from one symbol to another.
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack.
create a extended text label.
pads the string at the right with the specified character until it reaches the desired length.
returns whether the specified feature is supported by this operating system.
atomically removes all of the elements from this queue.
decode a new attribute descriptor that is a quoted string.
outputs confusion matrix in csv format.
subtract two numbers of the same length and different signs.
assign an id value to a field.
writes a " integer " value to an outputstream.
tells whether or not this selector is open.
same as performfind but now returning a list instead of an iterator extra parameters viewindex :
converts soap element to string.
closes this stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
initialize the camera manager for the given context.
check if two objects are equal.
writes a boolean to the target stream.
train train from a set of file names.
test de busqueda open ldap con atributos.
creates a new printf format for the specified string.
compute pythag ( a, b ) = p ( a, b, 0 )
writes an integer to an outputstream in big - endian byte order.
queue the cube load, running the specified callback when the load has finished.
is object available now.
handle " clicked " event.
helper method to find largest message id.
remove a change listener.
dump the current request log of the thread.
decodes'%'- escaped octets in the given string.
test get tables method, of class testdosattack.
adds the specified collection at the end of the array.
remove the file list corresponding to the current log file name.
initialize the compose state.
all the tool bars must be added to the list.
parses a date value.
constructs a new regular expression filter for files with the specified case sensitivity.
execute a sql query.
writes bytes to the output stream and increments the number of bytes written by the writer.
encodes a string as an url.
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation.
parses a string into a float.
constructs a new xml instance for the given content interface.
requests the password to share a password via a link.
force out of memory.
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache.
compute the enlargement obtained by adding an object to an existing object with a given
intersect this clip with another region.
test if int can be converted to int.
adds a condition waiter.
remove all listeners from the chain.
removes banned codeunits from the given string.
tests if the line count for two strings is equal.
print a warning message and a stack trace to the logger.
returns the full form of the prefix singular and plural prefix strings.
clears the password expiration warned time.
strips locale from its language and country info.
appends the time zone.
removes the listeners from the current object.
returns a string of length a minimum of totalchars characters by padding the input string str with
should be invoked this method when you want to show or hide the scores field.
writes the given charsequence to the file creating a new file if it does not exist using
the kernel function ( k ) = kernel ( n, s, t ) and returns the
gets connection to a h2 database.
emits a clear command for the named field.
clear all coordinates and start the recoarding process.
add input method listener.
add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list.
load user classes from url.
adds a new document to the cache.
add a command class to the map.
prints that the column is an auto increment column.
stores the current pusher information ( in the appropriate storage ) and saves it to the push
write block light to output stream.
executes the search and returns the result as a string.
returns the next subsequence of the input sequence that matches the given pattern.
adds a new duration to the call queue.
paint the background solid.
adds attribute default values to a service schema.
return canonical form. pmusgrave - put a space between products ( preserves format
returns true if the metadata has been modified since the last publication.
adds a list of resource dirs.
make a type out of a class node, if it's of a class.
push an import href to the navigation stack.
converts the response to a message.
sort and uniquely identify all suites.
returns a new array consisting of the elements in the specified array plus the specified events.
adds a marker to this log with the specified name.
replaces a with b in c.
enables or disables the final button, so that it matches the current member variables.
wsptypedecoder test, decode string appid test.
removes all actions from the group.
check is a file is writable.
creates empty administrators, with no priority set.
validate relying party entity id.
rotate transformation about the z axis.
start a factory instance for the given service instance.
notify the reader of available data to write.
compute the number of columns necessary to represent a given'x'value under a given plain
creates a new optional with the given value.
constructs a new kafka message listener container.
deletes the entry identified by the given alias from this keystore.
gets the value of the given group as a string.
translates the line where the given point is mapped by p_vector.
rejects the execution of the specified command.
calculates the relative positions of all the menu items.
adds a pending ram to the list for this phase.
turn an array of resource - colors ( contains resource - id integers ) into an array list
test file property configuration with file object.
generate a salt in the header.
adds a projector listener.
select the next tuple expression.
writes a number as a big - endian decimal number.
adds a message to the history.
starts the executor process and places it in the specified container.
convert a string to a date.
implements the visitor to visit all the entries.
gets the latest extension versions.
receive notification of the beginning of a node.
clearbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
compare to a number of an greater scale.
reads a single character.
cancels the auto - completion operation.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
sets the proxy host name.
verifies that the setter methods are compliant with the naming convention.
extracts element at current take position, advances, and signals.
get a random, positive float.
resets the text box indexes, except for the excluded text box.
learns a new entity.
get the zero level data.
returns the version of ssh client.
counts how many times the given character appears in the string.
add a color to the given imageicon.
reads all limited bytes from the given stream.
perform a search for the given target string starting at the given offset.
checks that all cache configurations have a valid last rebalance order.
run this process in a new thread.
removes the given environment variable.
calculate the mininal number of instances required to achieve a score as high as the given score
returns the value on the top of the stack.
tests fail : always returns false.
returns the index of the last directory separator character.
check if a point is inside a view.
unrolls the bounds of the type variables, given a map of type arguments and the
delete quota of a specific isilon resource.
creates a map of http basic authentication header names to http basic authentication.
adds a new extent entry.
checks to see if the network cache already exists, and if so, copy its contents to
read the property file from a file object.
is all granted boolean.
pass the event through to the executor.
send the next outgoing message over the network.
allows subclasses to add additional attributes for a given field.
checks if a given token is a session token.
this returns the root mean squared error of the given real matrix.
write the current row to the given byte buffer.
create the map of accountdetailmap.
rotates the tree to the right.
updates the radio links when the user selects advance data set first.
update this sample and its values.
the graphical representation of a series.
check a class signature.
selects the cardlet aid in the service.
adds a new project comparison entry to the root.
creates a new source object from a url.
tests whether a single servlet is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains another servlet.
returns the union of all coefficients, returning the result.
ensure that, when the jvm is about to exit, all objects are finalized.
adds a new search result for a given entity.
registers a batch fix for the annotation which is only available on a particular range of text within
creates the directory and all it's children, recursively.
runs the test case.
the start of a document.
dumps the window hierarchy in compressed format.
registers the observer for the rule changes.
send update heartbeat messages to the peer.
writes message to to to the output stream.
initializes the sslengine property based on the current values.
creates a random access source.
create an argument parser for a command - line option.
setbit ( int n ) of a zero number.
save a model in xobject form.
sorts this node's spans, and collapses all other spans in the node '
split the data set randomly.
drops a prefix from a path if it exists or returns original path if prefix does not match
publish / send a message to an mqtt server.
removes the given child from this node.
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by
returns true if actual string matches expected string.
sets the force - auth parameter of the login configuration to true.
fetch the details of a user.
shuts down the thread that is periodically checking for changes to compile time included files in a
pushes the given message to the socket.
write data to characteristic, and send to remote bluetooth le device.
returns a link to a given proto element representing a message.
transforms the content of the file using the specified charset.
removes the specified element from the list of elements.
send a stream's byte array in binary format.
sort the items according to the sort type.
this method need to be implemented in subclasses.
update path conditions for the current chromosome.
test of a journal on which a single index has been register ( and the journal committed )
returns true if the given loader is a grid deployment info loader, false otherwise.
removes the sub trailers from the decoded subject.
prepares for a new source.
converts the given bitmap into byte array.
inflates an attribute value with the given name.
add a warning event handler.
prints a string to the stream, encoded as utf - 8 with preceeding length.
writes an attribute to the output stream without any escaping or validation.
converts a set of numericoids into a syntax description.
writes bytes to the socket.
skips the given member value tag at the current position of the given byte buffer.
recursive method to join one stream into another stream.
generates minimal matrix router from the router.
take a request from the queue and return it, or null if there is no current request
converts the location ( x, y ) to a column index.
returns a list of files in the given directory, that match the given filter.
generate the drop statement for a single table.
register all of the propertychangelistener's child listeners.
performs a scroll out of the bounds of the stack.
reduces the instructions in the stack to a more suitable instructions.
checks if node is locked locally.
if deltay > 0, move the content down.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
deletes the surrounding text before and after the cursor.
cdf of gev distribution.
read in continuous dataset.
the format of this native guid is computesystem + port.
returns true if all of the paths in the array are contiguous.
creates a new faststringreader.
adds a field to run the query against with a specific boost.
returns current date string with given format.
initializes the stream buffer size.
the numbers here are 0 to maxsensors, not 1 to maxsensors.
parse the supplied string as a number value using the supplied default valueprovider if it's
return the probe's next sample.
applies a replacement to the bidimap and returns the updated contents.
creates a new keyimpl with the given principal, password and algorithm.
returns a string representation of the relation.
process the given packages list.
checks whether this block is in the specified direction or not.
parse the path, setting the data array from the given string.
records a variable in the given type descriptor.
read the panbox file dont verifying the header of the file.
returns whether the specified media type is supported or not.
export the set of dependencies.
removes capture portion of signature from the original signature.
whether network is available.
returns a random regexpish string.
creates a list of expected partition value entities in the partition key group.
returns the textual representation of this cell.
creates a new watcher that registers itself as a child of the given runnable.
this method is used to write the raw data for this message to the output stream.
extracts the hard reference from the soft / weak reference given.
formats a long value.
unregister a component from the current applet.
copies the page with the specified id to the output stream.
write part of an array of bytes.
asserts that the backup status is valid for the given backup.
handle request sent with a wrong binding.
checks that the machine is in one of the given states.
sorts the movies by term frequency.
creates a new key value list parser.
poll the stats broker for messages.
make an acceptable file pathname, based on the filter.
returns true if the two specified cells intersect the cell boundary.
updates the overlay contents based on a lookat.
returns the name of a property for the given type.
creates a state machine using the state machine definition.
disposes all resources this object is using.
reads the default serializable field values for this instance, followed by the registrar's service
returns a right - pointing triangle of the given dimenisions.
find a terminal by name string.
creates a new layout block only if it does not exist.
modifies the display background of the nonstatic property.
escape the regular expression.
constructs a char buffer with the given string.
updates the ui state for opt out promo.
construct a value geometry by using the provided bytes.
remember to clean the is_new flag.
check if a given so file exists.
finish the common set of subjects and statements.
displays a dialog that allows the user to input an image while showing it's original size
dynamic initial. called by setup.
recursive method that walks the directory tree starting at the specified path and returns the path.
lays out springs that have a baseline along the baseline.
reads the int value from the json array for specified index.
add a property change listener.
unregister dependents from this preference.
validates the storage policy selection object.
return a description of the cobweb tree.
convert a collection ( as array ) to an array of the given component type.
creates a new gradle exception for the different problem violations.
labels the distances of a node from a hypergraph.
returns the position within the current line.
adds a new frequency to the list of frequencies.
parses an xml header element.
returns a list of intervals that slice this interval.
determine if the expression consists of gerund or not.
receive an error while marshalling.
creates a jsonobject that can be used to send a request.
runs the test case.
this method will download all the files in the tmp directory that need to be downloaded.
read file attributes from a native handle.
adds all of the participants to the replay completion map.
create a checkbox dialog with two buttons.
assign the probabilities to all instances in the database.
converts the given uri value to the string value.
create a one - dimensional kernel for the given values.
initialize the work list.
clear the imported names that are associated with the given model as well as the union member scope
add a file relative to the working directory.
tree expanded - take action to sync subordinate tables if any.
returns whether or not the specified object is present in this list.
checks whether two version numbers are equal, i.
invoked when a connection to the url has failed to be closed.
scans the schema complex type and builds the datatypeelementfactory.
push the annotators ref.
returns the compact version of the directory server.
sequences a query. if the sequence value is greater than zero, indexes the query. otherwise
expunge stale entries from the table.
convenience function to return a list containing all elements but the first.
creates ranges from the given array of integers.
close all windows the web server is running.
called when an object has been added to the mapbean, and when another object is removed
calculates the estimated completion date based on priority and startdate.
adds a new document type.
checks database metadata to see if a table exists.
runs the test case.
returns the position that is closest to the given token in the spec, or null if none
updates the display object with new data from the task queue.
returns the minimum and maximum values of the given array of values according to proportion given in x
checks if the directories exist.
add a port to the list of already - allocated contexts.
convert the bytes to a string.
writes a list of longs to the given stream.
checks if a certain attribute is defined.
shows the preloading stage.
removes all of the elements from this vector.
removes the mapping with the specified key from this map.
test copy of an stream containing exactly one byte less than a full block of data.
runs the test case.
convert a string representation of an ipv4 address to bytes.
sends a message back to the client.
adds request headers to the http connection.
add long selection listener.
prints the current line to the output stream and then terminates the line.
returns a string representation of the capabilities map.
construct a debug client object.
alter the case of the string based on the current case.
return true if ack required ; false otherwise.
returns a string representation of the vector.
adds a reporter to this map.
draws the selection rectangle if any.
construct a new exception with the specified root cause.
checks to see if the initiator has connectivity to all storage systems in exportgroup.
construct a new derivation from the candidate list.
plus ( mathcontext ) for a positive bigdecimal.
test negative number of radix 16.
converts an or ast into a filter or ast.
displays a panel in a pop - up window.
create a jsonparser using the specified reader.
this reads a sequence of unicode code words from the input stream, and compresses them using
uses the given tokenizer.
computes the azimuth label offset.
adds a resource to a list of defaults.
display changed on edt by calling the graphics configuration function.
extract stream of public methods from the class.
update the server address.
remove the item with the specified position from the list.
returns an enemy string made by the user using random enemys.
checks if the route protecting and destination is valid.
sort the pools according to their average port metrics.
add overlays to this group.
creates a resource object from the given path string.
checks if version string is older than leopard.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
escape a string for use inside as xml content.
feed the forward - derivatives sequence for a given sequence of activations.
finds a file with the specified name in the specified directory.
compares the results of the control client and cloud client.
get the text values of all elements in the dom document that match the xpathexpression.
for now, we need to make sure that the current gl context is available from the platform
collapse all rows of the tree.
queue a replacement of a player's cape.
removes a vetoable change listener from the listener list.
creates a new stream throughput with the given prefix.
iterates the list of arguments in search of the target server launcher command.
this method calls proc edit bookmark and updates a single bookmark.
converts a slice of an array of unicode characters to a string using utf - 32 encoding.
creates the bounds which will be used to compute the bounds of all elements.
record a pattern of counters starting at the given position.
finds a method with list of list parameters.
returns the first illegal character in the source string.
decodes the given byte buffer to the end of the character buffer.
to be called every time a train is added to the list of delayed trains.
adds a new creaturepoint to this entity.
load org access role.
test method to verify that byte [ ] can be parsed as source.
generates a certificate from the input stream.
converts the given value to a pretty - printed string.
generates the last 6 bi - months where the last one is the bi - month which the
returns the counter associated with the counterkey.
add a message to the given uri.
runs the test case.
sets the mode of this cipher.
expunge stale entries from the list.
runs the findbugs analysis on the given resource.
report a vetoable property update to any registered listeners.
write the full backup to the given output.
remove the connection list for the given tab.
paint a range of rings.
converts all separators to the windows separator of backslash.
appends the pending bytes of the input to the output.
return a trie with infrequent values occurring in the given trie removed.
installs a handler that will be notified upon completion of the request.
tries to close the connection if there is something left to do.
creates and persists a new storage entity with the provided attributes.
displays an info line.
prints a string to the console using the specified format string and arguments.
verify signer ( string, identityscope ) creates instance.
reflectively invokes a static method.
new instance, based on the supplied pattern.
remove the mutator around the structure of the structuredgraph to be a loop begin node for
called to bind the item at the given position in the list.
add two positive numbers of the same length.
adds a new min and max values to the histogram.
method to return a date instance which is exactly numdays days before the point in time design
returns the number of remaining elements.
calls the super method and writes the conservative approximation of the knn distances of
put a data value on the heap, and return the offset that the data was written to
paints the component, using the current focused row and the border of the cell.
adds a label and a field to the panel.
sets the attributes on the start of a track point.
combines the given list of data chunks into a single array.
commit the given resources.
determines whether a grid worker can be spawned.
two ids are equal if they have the same encrypted string.
returns true if the two players are the same.
add a lenient field.
returns a string without a header.
returns true if the given value is always non - null.
remove an item of the list of the adapter.
creates an instance of base view bean object.
returns true if the gesture has already been consumed.
initialize a list of neurons inside the rule.
computes the angle between this coordinate and p.
fire this event when the neuron is moved.
creates an x. 509 certificate from a byte array.
handles a change in the current selection.
parse the terms ack information.
formats the given string value using the format pattern.
sets the " server " attribute of the builder.
executes a count query and returns the response packet.
calculates the confidence value of the rule based on the basecount.
adds a parameter to this config.
create a datasource from inputstream.
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate calendar type.
adds a new limitline to this axis.
readdata - - input the modbus message from din.
reads the results of an array of bytes, starting at the given position.
inflates an array of bytes from previous bytes to the result array.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this queue, in proper sequence.
calculates the legends for the graph and adds them to the canvas.
fetch the metadata.
return a printable representation of the keyusage.
reads bytes from the stream.
flush any log records that have not been written to the coordinator stream.
creates buttons from a list of pages.
and for two positive numbers ; the first is longer.
overridden implementation of createnewexportmaskworkflowforinitiators for vnx.
compares two percent objects.
override to allow for colons in the id without urlencoding them.
reads a signed 16 - bit short value from the binary file at the current position.
loads all projects which have been assigned to a given debugger template manager.
returns a syllabify representation of a phone string.
removes the node at the head of the frontier, updates the explored state, and
checks if the given path is a file.
compares class name of an object with this object and returns true if they are equal.
instantiates a new zookeeper embedded.
constructs a new basiccondition.
reads stopwordwords from a file.
returns the string representation of the revision info object.
a helper function to signal all pending parties to break the barrier.
reduce the douglas - peucker filter out a list of points depending on the
send a log message over udp to the syslog server.
write the stack trace of the throwable to the given stream.
builds the multi - stream writer.
produce a string from a number.
instantiates a new image element.
converts a list of thread registers into a thread register.
sets configuration parameters for a launcher discovery request.
returns true if this checkbox is triggered.
inserts all of the elements in the specified array into this list, starting at the specified position
calculate the score based on the count of weeks in the current week.
remove a scanning callback.
paints the back image.
return the probe's next sample.
determines whether or not a specific row is part of the page break.
shut down the thread pool.
determine if the given character can be at the beginning of a proposition symbol.
prints a < tt > zdiagmat < tt > in default e format.
returns the index of the first occurrrence of the pattern string in the text string
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
returns the characters at the given indices.
truncates a string to a specified length.
clears transactions from the queue.
loads and executes the given script ( if specified ) with the given arguments.
cleans up the dirty region that contains the passed in x and y coordinates.
construct a sort of the given fields with the default ascending order setting of boolean values.
returns true if the search has succeeded.
start locating phone.
deletes a resource configuration.
create a new movement from the specified protocol.
remove the next file from the set of files.
creates the gui elements for the dialog.
generates a random float between two limits.
this constructs an instance. <! - - begin - user - doc - - > <
add a tracer to the set of tracers.
increases the capacity of the table.
update this damage with the supplied value.
test's concurrent events on an empty region.
creates a new graph.
if the api version is non - zero, returns the version part, otherwise return null.
query the inventory to check whether or not to balance it by starting with the name of the
for the given interval, calculate the raw score and add it to the model.
converts the specified file to a string using the specified encoding.
constructs a new embayes im editor from a bayes estimator wrapper.
save the data to disk.
flatten a map into an xmlserializer.
returns true if there is already preloading key for the given index.
generates a random challenge for the given address.
iterates over all basic blocks in the ir and performs their actions.
helper method to run a task with retries.
pack the item into an array if possible.
this is a way to remove a interrupt request from the interrupt request queue.
callback function when heatmap generation has failed.
inflate a drawable by its id.
returns object field offset.
add an string at ( x, y ) coordinates.
writes a byte array to the file at the given offset in the file.
concatenated cipher text with the iv.
sets the timestamp limit to the given value.
creates a new material package backed with a list of generic tracks.
returns an edge whose coordinates are in the same direction, starting at p0 and ending at
returns a new probabilities for the characters in the specified string that are not already present in the
marks an issue as active.
decodes'%'- escaped octets in the given string using the utf - 8
test if object is available in pool.
distinct aggregate function which update the distinct set.
checks whether an entity with the given name is unparsed.
flushes this output stream and forces any buffered output bytes to be written out to the stream
encode text as utf - 8.
overridden so we can hide the popup if necessary.
adds a new request property to the request.
executes a single task.
serialize the given value to a newly allocated byte buffer.
load all submission with all data from all users.
returns the bit corresponding to the string representation of the specified bit.
reads the next record from this commit log, returning false on end of file.
compute component index for two components.
writes the entire contents of this byte stream to the specified output stream.
removes a listener for the treemodelevent posted after the tree changes.
constructs a new uri with the specified name.
adds a parameterized view to the stream.
copy data from the given recorder into the given buffer, and append to the complete recording.
lets the candies store know about themselves, without storing them in memory.
gets hash code for a given object.
add a parse template file to the list of parse templates.
this method is used to attach the final image to the final image shown in the camera (
a function to find the minimum of two values, but ignoring any double.
registers the specified object name.
attempts to match the given string with the given pattern, returning the matched group or throws an
source - form for a initializer.
creates a new bytebuffer with the given capacity.
adds a new pair of values to the series.
validate the collection attributes.
put a string without null value.
an external entity declaration.
set the alpha value.
create a classdescriptor from a field signature.
this method validates a nfc service ticket response object, raising an exception if the response
schedules a task for execution after the given delay.
draws a filled ellipse with given semimajor and semiminor axes, centered on
swaps the current cursor with the given one, and returns the swap.
lock to be able to write to disk once per tick.
check if the given class can be randomized.
the format of this native guid is computesystem + serialnumber.
generate secret keys from a string.
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster.
sorts all children of a parent node.
returns a random integer from a poisson distribution with mean & lambda ;.
returns true if the specified sound identifier is available, false otherwise.
iterate over serializers.
validates the given string as an object name exception.
returns true if the server is in shutdown mode, false otherwise.
initialize the beancontext, by initializing the beancontext, by calling the methods of the bean
draws the progress arc between n ring boundary and view center.
formats a date object into a string.
decode an input buffer using the specified decode flags.
creates a message digest with the specified algorithm.
merge an array of integers into a multi - dimensional array containing the integers in ascending numerical order
copy a list of access control levels to the list of access control levels.
write the http response body in the provided bytebuffer.
below method will be used to queue avs response.
request follower information for a given stream.
remove a view from the view hierarchy.
consumes the next css identifier off the queue ( meaning it is a valid css identifier ).
test to populate a region with a single entry.
output the xml that should be serialized to a katharsis instance.
rolls back with failure to delete file in temporary directory.
parse the serialized geometry string.
this method will be called by dispatcher, and will be repeated till return false.
returns the index of the last occurrence of the specified element in this vector, starting at the
returns whether there is any ongoing undo.
calculates the destination image size and sets it if necessary.
called when this project is being updated or created.
return true if the mouse is click and false otherwise.
update the visible ids of two tabs.
default implementations of walkgraph ( ) to be inherited by subclasses of semanticnode for implementing explo
shows the previous notification.
calls the super method and writes the leaf flag ( boolean ) of the entry to the specified
adds a new input node to the network, iff it has not already been added.
initialize the database with the given configuration.
register an object read into the read list.
adds new file extension header.
merge this frame with another one, and return true if changes exist.
run keytool with all the given command line arguments.
allows the user to smooth snap to the given position in a specified sequence of fast scroll events
updates property to value 2.
removes a set of service from the entity.
given a cluster and a set of points go through all the points in it and expand out
getfloatarrayelements : get all the elements of a float array.
prepares ( allocates ) a set of transfer buffers for use in transferring data from
output a full line of text.
add a new payment to the system.
define the namespaces of unregistered extensions.
removes all objects from the list.
deletes the display name of a existing user.
creates a new type from the given ast, variable declaration and no modifiers.
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values.
waits for iterators to be cleared.
adds a listener to lifecycle events.
returns the index of the given path.
destroy the volume, force is true, otherwise it is false.
compute a stack spline, a series of cubic bezier splines separated by a
computes a notification when a setting is received while the notification notification is received over the last
converts the data type to a byte array.
generate zoneset clone name based on long name.
writes the block of signature from the given array to the given output stream.
build a prepared statement to select records from a table.
show this frame for the given animation.
check if the key is a uri key.
receives data from the socket.
add ofchannelhandler to the list of connected channel handlers.
send a byte array to the client.
creates a new array list and copies all of the elements in the specified collection.
reads the contents of httpentity into a byte [ ].
adds a tail argument.
construct a new uri with the given namespace.
this prepares the known points for ordinary kriging.
deserialization object from file.
returns true if the given segment name is a merge segment, false otherwise.
generates a pbe cipherparameters of the given type and hash of the given size.
adds a list of group entitie ( emojicon ) to the pagerview.
samples will be accumulated over the end time and will write the end point to the log
verifies whether the given path should be included.
helper method to generate units from a list of units.
returns a new automaton that concatenates the union of the languages of the given automata
list data listener contents changed method. used to fire the action event.
create histogram with given hvalues and partitions.
reads the property from a safe serialization format.
x. net. ssl. sslsocket # sslsocket ( inetaddress address, int port
returns the absolute path of the user input, or a full path to the user input if
returns the stamp bits for resizing a table of size n.
read a byte from the input stream.
expand a der der der der der der der der der der der der der der der der
checks whether the given emote was ignored by this user.
is the specified property allowed?.
read all consist of a file.
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero bytes.
accept a file descriptor.
transcode a file into a transcoder.
just keep track of progress of the inner state.
returns a new document object.
set a sas core's grain samples.
handles add request handler request.
draws a data point prev point at the top of the shape.
return the last chunk set of a set.
parses the meta data information and returns the selected columns.
locates a given field anywhere in the class inheritance hierarchy.
creates a ssl session from the given bytes.
add current dump file to dump directory.
creates a date using the ordinal date format.
returns true if the specified page number is between the starts and ends pages.
dispose of object, releasing resources.
converts the given collection to a list.
sets the aliases that will be associated with the index when it gets created.
adds a new table to the system catalog.
removes listener from the current configuration.
puts all views in the scrap heap into the supplied list.
this is fired when the browser window is opened, usually when the browser window is closed.
main scheduling implementation class.
utility method to combine a base hash with the identity hash of one or more objects.
parses vector ( double [ ] ) from a string representation.
returns a string describing this filter.
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by
this is the method that your object can use to find other objects within the maphandler (
decode the xml document to a datasource data source.
returns the next character in the iteration.
adjust the heights of the rows and columns for the table to fit the contents of the table
returns a list of uri for each volume in the passed list.
parses a format string.
updates the index column buttons.
get a url for a poi.
waits for decoding to finish.
turns a string into a plain text.
updates the message digest using the specified array of bytes.
calculate the packed parameters used to calculate the length of the packet.
executes an sql update.
lock subject is considered to be " lock " on this connection or on another connection.
returns a hash code value for the object.
adds an action to the quickactionview.
display the specified help file.
stores a location in sharedpreferences.
returns the best guess.
compares the specified object to this list and returns if they are equal.
produce a comma delimited text row from a jsonarray.
remove a table from the database.
returns true if the given category is contained in the bug categories list.
determines if the passed volume is a source volume for any full copies.
tests the equality of two linear regression models.
service to process process entity maint perm perm permgen.
tests successful completion of the quorum.
to be called when explanation is presented to the user.
pause the thread for the given duration.
prints a string followed by a newline.
reads characters into an array.
reads a single character.
callnonvirtualbooleanmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a boolean value.
determines if the pb requires rm operations to be included in the result.
create a new project importer with the given root folder.
test against the " normalize ( long [ ] ) " representation of a double [ ].
checks if a class is registered in the registry.
return the class with the given name.
causes the operator to wait for operations.
tests whether all components of the test geometry are contained in the target geometry.
creates the inner object for the given post.
creates a new endpoint with the specified endpointurl and modes.
parses a single value, returning null if it is not a valid value.
constructs a dataset containing only the elements of a time series collection, using the default time zone
returns a list of the given elements, in order.
this is to implement memory allocation in the array.
adds an attribute to current element of the dom document.
post body is { " containerid " : containerid, " path " : applicationname
fills the ellipse arr with the interiour of the board.
multiplies the range on the domain axis / axes by the specified factor.
refreshes the due challenge counts.
create an identity vector with the given dimensions.
this method transforms an awt image to a swt image.
check if unlimited strength policy is available.
the rsslim value, displayed as a decimal number.
adds a layout result column to this result set.
fill a stack trace buffer with the elements.
indicates whether file writing support for the specified file type is provided by the midi file writer
makes this object immutable.
return a uniformly distributed double between 0 and 1.
amds configuration setting ( all values in the properties file are set to the default values )
compare and increment the worker count.
make the items of a list fit into the view list.
returns true if the path is a windows path.
process a character value.
creates a child element with the given name and appends it to the element child node list.
checks if the document is segment balanced balanced.
parses an attribute list and returns a list of attributes.
read a file as a byte array.
multiple solutions where an empty solution appears in the middle of the sequence.
adds a term condition to the split condition.
called when a threshold has been reached, so that the data can be written to disk.
remove the indices in the interval index0, index1 ( inclusive ) from the selection model
rebuilds the event list.
returns a factory for this disk store.
deletes all subdirectories in a given root directory.
writes bytes from the specified byte array, starting at the specified offset, to the current position
marks ropreg as reserved, with the specified category.
register some default resolvers.
processes a response that requires authentication.
release a previously acquired byte array.
creates a new pipeline object.
this method initializes the acceptable methods.
locks the given order and returns it.
put the current rtp packet data into a buffer.
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer.
remove old user names from devnamemap.
creates a new jdbcdata object.
store the exception to be tracked as an exception at a given position.
returns a elf formatter.
read data from the given url.
determines if the recurrence rule is valid current at the given time.
create a new network and get an id.
returns the kilobytes of a given long.
tries to create a pending intent with the specified class name.
returns true for a static method.
test against the " string.
removes all line separators from the given string.
decrypt key ( does not use salting, so the encryption result is the same for the
update the list of platforms to include or exclude.
fills the grid based on positioning the new selection at a specific location.
locates a given field anywhere in the class inheritance hierarchy.
calculates the position of the first token on the left of the container.
returns the shape of this simplex.
inject some injectcontent from the injected content.
returns true if the charsequence is null or 0 - length.
turns a settings string value into a boolean value.
notify this object that it has been deregistered as a listener with a source with respect
the code that does the real work of lookup.
generates a new uuid string to be used in the insert query.
returns a shallow copy of the vector, i.
a method that deletes a file or folder only if it is within the'target'directory
initialize the pattern template.
add words and spaces as new lines to the output.
update the list of attachment points.
removes the soft wraps starting at the given offset from this content model.
formats the given double into a human - readable string representation.
truncates string to a desired length.
returns a sorted set containing the specified subset of this set.
this method will return true if the legion is disbanding or if the current time
add the data for the given field to the tuple.
iterates from this number down to the given number, inclusive, decrementing by one each time
parses the dom element for the properties and sets the values contained in the element.
this method works around the bizarre semantics of bufferedinputstream's read method.
adds the fullscreen information into the given list.
creates an input stream from a string.
adds a new item to the adapter.
copy acl to file system acl.
parse the resource list input.
deletes all entitlements of a existing user.
this method incorporates the signed properties.
create the channel selection.
compute the mean of all elements in the array with given indices.
returns the depth of the object.
setup and run the test.
import text from file.
returns list of file cos ids.
add a new task to be performed by the scaling state monitor.
inserts the given node at the given index without changing the parent node.
return the probe's next sample.
creates a file and writes the given lines to it.
verifies the complete list of authentication tags for a given file.
guess the mime type from the file extension.
update the cache with this binder.
parses the given route file and returns a dom document object.
remove a dted directoryhandler from the dtedframecache.
adds a file to the classpath.
reads the lookahead symbol. does not fill the lookahead array.
splits the original vector of variables from the given vector of candidates.
writes the header for zones csv file.
this method is called when'reset'button is pressed. it will automatically close the dialog
executes given task in the current thread.
replace all occurrences of the regular expression with the replacement.
migrate all the entities in the migration.
adds entries to the passed in map, using the supplied appname as the key.
called when a child thread starts another thread.
the graphical representation of the labels on the x axis.
base64 - encode the given byte array.
compares this ecpathresult for equality with the specified object.
make an instance and prepares this object for serialization.
loads a binary file from the given input stream.
returns true if the type is a two - slot type, false otherwise.
sets the sections used for testing.
reads the crlf character.
process logout request. it returns the session id.
override the equals method.
accept a file for processing.
adds an option list to the arguments.
check if current activity is already in scope.
this method starts the timer. it is called when the scan is complete.
determines if the given url represents a " landing " page, i.
write the row count definitions.
send a string. this method cannot be inherited from the writer class because it must suppress i
starts the auth with a fixed delay between when the token has been started and when the auth
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns a printable representation of the receiver.
does the work of getting the path.
signs content using the enveloped signatures algorithm.
determines if the next character in the buffer matches the specified match.
convenience method to de - serialize a byte array back into object form, using the specified class
create a new mina intervalimpl with the given parameters.
is true ( dict, key ).
create a new shoppingcartitem.
bind a stream to the given output stream.
zoom and size of the map layer based on the initial image size and scale of the layer
computes the skewed sample variance for a given size.
extracts a span from a span list.
description of the method.
returns true if the delay is set and false otherwise.
push a space preserve space handling attribute.
positive close - free the content.
creates a new inputstreamreader.
sends a message to the proton server and returns the number of delivered bytes.
return the decoded string.
voted reclassifies an example using rules.
get the hash code of a tracer object.
clone the iterator.
prevent initializing this class.
determines whether the given key chain contains the given private key.
adds the given data chunk to the end of the program.
set the rotation matrix thetas the rotation angle of the rotation planes.
writes & lt ; users & gt ; group & lt ; users & gt ; to the
converts the specified double to its string representation.
decode a number of assembled points, writing the result to a string.
create a record representing a data producer.
initializes a new cpu thread.
insert a record of a mary request producing data of type audio into the cache.
add a new condition.
reads all remaining bytes from the given bytebuffer.
read package and class from standard input.
log a message and exception.
fetch the rp uris for the target virtual pool.
instantiates a new namespace.
returns the cardinality ( number of set bits ) of this set.
the literal that should be escaped, but not the literal itself.
construct cookie uri from uri and stores in cookie object.
send a debug log message.
adds given value to sourcelist if not null and value is not null.
creates a new dimportkeypairpkcs8 dialog.
pretty printing accumulator function for long fields.
replaces substrings of one string with another string and returns altered string.
removes a listener from the button's list of listeners to call when the button is triggered
main processing method. this method is called from the worker thread.
clamp magnet to get the next magnet to use.
readobject is called to restore the state of the socketpermission from a stream.
gets the block index for a given source code block.
creates a lockable file writer.
appends a program description to a new string builder.
decodes'%'- escaped octets in the given string using the utf - 8
utility method to convert a string location to a url.
parses a string into a number, float, or int [ ].
converts the given string to upper case.
updates the environment variable map with the specified list of environment variables.
creates a new character class for each character in the specified string.
this method should be called when the timestamp stamp event is sent to gateways.
returns the next regular expression that matches the given pattern.
removes the specified node from the list of nodes and returns true if successful.
converts the content of this body to a string.
send handshake request and receive response.
sets the minimum value.
emits all pending tasks until the emit queue is empty.
rotate theta degrees about the x axis.
test that an audit was completed successfully.
scales the given rectangle about the center of the rectangle.
parse a unprintableexthandler from the given index code strings.
determines the height of this view.
check if the given id is null or equals null.
update the pending list to reflect the available space in the download manager.
limit the value to the start and end values.
override this method to change the title displayed in a pop - up dialog.
checks if is connected based on a given network type and network info.
delete an item in the adapter.
calculate the graident channel between two positions.
add a listener to be notified when startup is complete.
quietly closes given resource ignoring possible checked exceptions.
runs the task and creates a new file.
creates a des encryption key from the given key material.
checks that the given type descriptor is a void.
creates a new js output object based on the given module.
get the text of all the matched elements.
adds a line from the source file.
allocates a new string that contains the sequence of characters currently contained in the stringbuffer argument
returns the number of instances in this set.
executes the specified command in the working directory.
create a new liberty manager client object.
checks the compliance attributes for the specified attributes.
updates zoning information in the unmanaged export mask for a given set of initiators
wait the session invitation answer.
generates a new array of the x prime distributions of the lags with respect to the t
returns the size of this identifier.
round : mathcontext.
omit the less freqs from the frequency list.
returns a public key selector of the specified type.
generate a sortedmap containing the hash codes for the tags partitioned by the partitions parameter.
given a shape and a flattening.
shorten the classname at the last place of the given char.
adds a graphic to the overlay.
returns a string representation of this statement.
performs the native flip operation for the given target component.
add a property restriction.
initialises a google analytics tracker.
called when the layer is moved.
creates a new id from the given input stream.
called when an element is consumed.
add instructions to the finally block.
return the next meta character in the document.
serialize a collection into json text and write it to out.
reads color table as 256 rgb integer values.
resets the last modified time to the time when open ( ) was called, or throws an
given a certificate and a private key, adds the key to the keystore at the given alias
returns true if the file needs to be loaded again.
create a new source object from the given definition.
disables all buttons in the interface.
recursion. recurrence relation : isadditivenumber = can find the third number &
writes the contents of a string to the log.
add a switch port to the quarantine queue.
below method will be used to get the column sort index.
helper method for building a feature out of a json node.
create a new bit string from a given string.
sorts this individuals according to the specified comparator.
writes the current dom document to the given writer.
creates a new asynchronous task with the default executor.
checks to see if the method name is a cglib renamed method.
creates a password reset exception object.
returns the union of the arrays, taking first the elements of the first array into the second
check if state change of window.
execute the xpath expression.
returns the largest ( " top " ) n values in the column.
grab the class name from the signature.
creates a new time series metric delta set from the given stream of tags and metric values.
returns number of nodes in cluster.
returns the next element in the list.
this method will take the byte values in a byte string and escape them as needed.
repeats the contents of multiple times.
replaces all occurrences of classnames in this class.
handles back button request.
creates new exception with given throwable as a nested cause and source of error message.
returns the euclidean distance between the objects.
indicates that we have not done running the tests.
reacts to failed authorization.
writes the contents of the sslsession object into a byte array.
initializes a new instance of mersenne twister.
verifies that the timestamp within the certificate is valid.
encrypts the given password and returns the result as a byte array.
returns the number of rows in the table.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string representation.
wrap a proto in a checkedmessage and compute the checksum.
reduce the scaling of the icon to the given width and height.
install a built - in sound.
counts the fragments which match the given template fragments.
get the encoding value a glyph given its name and a name table.
scores a collection of tracks for a search query.
gets the current time in milliseconds.
encodes a double ( 64 bit ) latitude and longitude.
stores long value with volatile semantic.
runs a command line task and returns the result as a list of strings.
draws a circle of radius r, centered on ( x, y ).
prints a double followed by a newline.
write a 32 bit signed value to the out stream.
map a key - value sequence to a string.
add a button pressed listener.
dispose of object, releasing resources.
fills in the xmlattributes object.
create a jcomponent with the given propertyconsumer.
copies from a file to an output stream.
deserialize the header from the given datainput.
runs the test case.
returns true if all permissions have been granted.
get charset from cache.
paints a portion of a highlight.
adds a piloting roll control to the list of control rolls.
processes the add - on changes event.
recalculate the derived color from the uimanager parent color and offsets.
get the string representation of the given oid.
called by the thread after exiting the idle state.
adds a cached span to the in - memory representation.
compares this uri with another, for equality.
repaints all children of this panel.
validates if a dns name is valid.
read a comment ( at index ) from a string.
finds the next reference to the string with the given separator, using the given escape character as
makes a best guess to guess the content type from an url.
used for testing - - input is a full csv line : < csv / >.
connect to the zookeeper server and write all data to the log file.
this method performs validation for the cache headers.
show the active ivr zoneset.
get an empty immutable array.
replace the list of non optional non - minus nodes with a new one.
returns a string representation of an accountable object.
returns a hash code value for this object.
delete a type vertex according to its category.
read the contents of the reader into a list.
adds cache context to local store.
not all of the c + + callbacks are present in the class path.
compares this named media type to another, by name.
returns true if any of the dependencies have been modified.
returns a replacedelement with the correct css dimensions.
returns true if this fxg version is greater than the given version.
creates a h2 data source.
returns the set of locations for the object, or empty set if object not found.
scroll to center.
adds the given metaobject to this object.
removes a word from the model.
add two numbers of different length and sign.
adds the specified item to the recent menu.
invokeall ( empty collection ) returns result.
add a package to the cache.
closes this stream. this implementation closes the filtered stream.
creates the blockmirror data.
starts the server, populating the list of endpoints as needed.
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other
handles ioexception thrown by session input stream.
clears the current scan result.
takes a collection of any type and returns it as a string.
check if value within allowed range.
replaces a string in a stringbuffer with a list of string parameters.
finds the index of a language qualifier in the given array node.
whether or not the given frame id is allowed in this frame set of frames.
parse an xml configuration from an input source.
creates a new rpf file in the rpff file system.
posts the given event to the event queue.
choose an alias to authenticate the client side of a secure socket given the public key type and
writes the generated image to temp file and calls the scanfile.
constructs a new pathhandler.
loads the content of the reader.
load default ignore file.
remove an argument ( core mutation method ) from the list.
description of the method.
create a pkcs # 1 attribute.
creates a new note.
make sure that the transaction ids in the given messages are not 0 and differ between each other
add a node to the next set of nodes.
callback for the config dialog.
read a string in utf - 8 from the source stream.
add to given linkedlist but don't set it.
resets the internal state of the grid to its default state.
reads the next token from the tokenizer and returns it as a string.
gets the repaintmanager for the current component, based on the appcontext.
checks if the initiator of the port is a recoverpoint initiator.
a method to check if a surrogate pair is a legitimate pair.
send data to the out proxy.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end -
removes wheelclicked listener.
adds the given section to the list of sections.
calculates the preferred wrap position for the given source text.
adds all the values in the given vector to the end of this vector, expanding its capacity
copies all of the input stream to the output stream.
add a new rule.
validate the given number.
sends message to all workers until stopcount is reached.
convert a string to an arraylist.
returns the charset, or " utf - 8 " if it is unknown.
convert a positive bigdecimal to an engineering string representation.
removes all of the elements from this vector.
adds a layer to the map.
read the specified file of rules.
only update words if ignore_case is set to true.
writes characters to the buffer.
detects the episode from the filename, and returns it if it exists.
creates an operation that creates an array of the given type.
fire an event to all listeners.
sets the preferred preference type.
expunge stale entries from the table.
returns true if the text is a number.
tells whether a given type is a char.
construct a key from its encoding.
returns the value of the supplied calendar as a date.
method to check if client authentication is enabled or not.
create the image file panel.
write the text and append a newline ( using the platform's line - ending ).
get the child at the given index.
modifies the current security permission if necessary.
obtain the function that returns the provided value and type.
removes the quotes inside a string.
checks whether the namespace of a given name is defined in the dtm.
a shallow copy of the user data handler must be notified of the shallow clones.
creates a new dnetscapecertificaterenewalurl dialog.
finds the last index of the specified object in the array, starting at the specified position.
create a new floatcolumn.
read all the data from the file.
purges all entries whose wrapped keys have been garbage collected.
checks whether the user has permission'convertermanager.
compares this coordinates to another object for equality.
checks that the dimensions of two matrices are the same.
imports the information from a change.
return a printwriter for the lines in the given document.
dispatches to lucene's fuzzyqueryfactory, optionally lowercases the expanded terms.
creates a call from stmt s to sootmethod m.
play or resume video playback.
throws an exception with a message, when string is null.
resets the current thread context.
converts the given object to a list of parameter values.
returns true if logout succeeded. returns false if logout succeeded.
creates an operation to update or create a network interface.
facade for code source.
constructs a new jdp broadcaster on a given address, port and ttl.
closes the rrd file.
rotate vector in radian by a given number of degree.
gets the contents at the given uri.
adds a mapping from the specified fieldnumber to the specified data, replacing the previous mapping if
hides the insets border.
this method removes the supplied business transaction configuration string from the list of business transaction filters.
adds a point to the observed set.
add tag id to the list of tag ids to be used when filtering.
sets the ssl socket to include a tls interant server.
order from root to leaf.
initialize the cumulative probability distribution.
serialize an expression node.
initializes the internal frame menu buttons.
create the workflow execute method for restore from a clone.
remove a data source listener.
returns a substring of the given string, representing the'length'most - left characters.
used to clear the name of all unoccupied blocks.
if data is an enum, serialize it as a double and return the unserialize object.
stops grid and interrupts this thread.
push the folder of the last template loaded as a temporary relative reference.
prints the depth - first node.
add a new event to the simulation.
creates a new instance of db schema ejb generator.
initialize the solution board. 1 : initialize the solution board and 2 : initialize the solution board
called when the scan is open.
adds a primitive to a map that can be abbreviated with a given string.
initialize the tree map.
locate and return the replicator home directory.
create a new string data value from a given string.
writes a repeated sqr.
appends the string representation of the float argument to this string buffer.
execute file with appropriate arguments.
provides a hook for subclasses to test if a track is okay.
closes this stream. any buffered data is flushed. this implementation closes the target stream.
normalize an array of file names.
runs the lucene test case and returns a random number between 0 and 1.
records the given deployment and returns it.
this method is called just before the activity is started.
this method cannot be called directly.
shut down my sql server by calling the shutdown ( ) method of the class loader.
copies the contents of the buffer into the buffer.
parse a script control template.
this method is overridden by superclass to perform any necessary processing on the custom xml tag.
writes a jpeg image to a file, removing the file from the directory if it exists.
checks for image servers in database.
returns current time in nanoseconds.
this method removes an extension from the recognizer.
returns the namespace context that matches the given element node index, or - 1 if no namespace
adds the specified observer to the list of observers.
computes the distance between the given point and the given cluster.
format the string according to the current position and updates the string buffer.
adds a key - value mapping.
releases a field from the object.
converts list of dashboards to list of dashboarddto objects.
constructs a new executor screen executor object.
adds a group properties listener.
edits a global function comment.
clear any existing session.
method which returns whether the entry dn exists in the persistent storage.
unpacks the cmap format from the packed string.
initializes native components of the graphics environment.
compute the hash wrapper name of a wrapper name.
process notification of the start of an xml element being reached.
check type of section element defined by key. return true this element is string.
this function createas multiple partition regions on nodes specified in the vmlist.
instantiates a new zdiagmat.
report version information from the ant.
build the network using the settings of the first neuron, and the position of each ne
check for equality of the two characters sequences starting at the specified index.
divide zero by a negative number.
returns an enumeration of the productions in this production, in the order in which they occur
add the given node to the set of " tight " nodes.
returns whether the event is disabled.
creates new dsystemproperties dialog where the parent is a dialog.
transforms an array of points with no touching the view.
converts an escaped function to the target.
returns a string representation of the port.
adds a new listener to receive notifications about changes in the ims session.
converts a unix time stamp into a path where the path contains the pattern : yyyy - mm
prints a message to the user.
connects the underlying socket.
checks if the given string represents an access modifier.
handles the append request failure.
this function returns a size pair for the camera to select a size that is close to the
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects.
decodes'%'- escaped octets in the given utf - 8 string.
converts all attributes of the object to lower case.
makes the given visitor visit all of the type annotations.
create a list from passed objx parameters.
read the next part of the file.
whether or not multi - line tabbed.
computes kernel parameters from current kernel value.
translates the datasource vendor name into the requested data type.
find the minimum of all elements in the array, ignoring elements that are nan.
moves the selected item down in the model ( and table ).
creates a new jarfile backing the given backing file.
immediate shutdown ( running tasks are canceled rather than being permitted to complete ).
convert a collection of file paths to a list of paths relative to the given root directory.
unlocks or installs the key guard dialog depending on the state of the key store.
sets the start time to the given time, but only if it is not already in the
rounds the x, y, and z values of this vector3 up to the nearest integer
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
removes every component which is not explored in the frontier, which can be explored
parse the attributes passed to the view from the xml.
concatenates two byte arrays.
assert either complete successfully or error signal has been received.
asserts whether a given argument is valid or not.
returns true if the specified calendar instance is before today.
build the login ui view items.
unmap the volume from scsi initiator.
return the result as a collection of elements in this collection.
add a curvature arc along the path.
parses the given block of text from the given source.
fill given array with random bytes.
removes all scan callbacks.
read bytes from the file.
handles creation of a management manager.
check that the current shape is the same or different from the new shape, and throw an
determines whether the given file is visible or not.
appends two strings to a copy of the array.
deletes the application from the datastore.
construct a new string by converting the specified subarray of bytes using the specified character encoding.
sets up all items in the bitset, for each item whose index is greater than 0
computes the bounding rectangle of the currently selected cell in the grid.
reads bytes from the file.
construct a cuboid in the given world.
calculates the log marginal likelihood of a model using a smoothing function.
whether the message is a new message.
installs user agent properties if it's mac osx.
writes doubles from the given double array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position
load a list of recipients.
checks whether the extension of the filename is that specified.
this method should not be called directly.
adds a padstack with the specified name to this object.
for the commandmanager init.
the start of a content model.
create an omraster, lat / lon placement with a certain radius.
create an input source from a string.
returns the root preference node for the calling user.
return a debug string describing the socket identifier, as well as its ip port number.
pushes a string onto the top of this stack.
returns the contents of a file as a string.
compute x position of tile in grid.
creates a new input field with the given name, type, align and connection.
creates a class manager for the interpreter.
performs a gl swap and returns the result code or 0 if the swap failed.
returns the last login time.
returns a stream of words of the given text.
adds the given appinfo to the adapter.
used to match a field against an array of values.
removes dots and newlines from the plot portion of the url.
creates dashes for the items contained in a list of floats.
returns the position in the sequence of bytes that match the pattern.
load the next source file into the directory.
read a line of input and return it as a string.
check whether the given table exists.
try to read a colon ( domain name or port ) from the input stream.
checks whether a given sql script contains the given delimiter.
compresses an array of bytes to an output stream.
establish an invariant that the specified service is not joined with the met quorum.
encrypt one block of input from the array in and write it to the out array.
prints the given value to the text area.
add a collection of connection groups to the database.
loads a map from an input stream.
adds a decoration at the end of the list.
parses the link title, returning the string or null if the link title is unknown.
stores given value in the series.
closes this connection. any connection that is still connected will be closed. any connection that is
returns the size of the list.
create a warning diagnostic.
creates a new destructurer.
handles edit sub configuration request.
checks if this connection is healthy.
add a column at the specified position in the column list.
initializes all the components used in the dialog.
computes the norm of a vector.
force get value as string.
returns a hashcode for this distribution.
converts all directededges in a ring into minimal edgerings.
removes a listener on image sharing events.
updates the wave file size.
write the new journal to the output file.
compares this string to another string and returns true if they match.
this method cannot be called directly.
computes the maximum class value using percent factor per series.
adds the channel to the model and returns the index.
joins an array of objects into one string.
checks whether a trait is present in the data store.
create supply for qty.
returns the number of parameters in the list.
load the values for this step from an xml node.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
readdata - - input the modbus message from din.
returns the dot product of this vector with the specified dense vector.
emits the code.
calculates the standard deviation of the list of doubles.
trims the capacity of the array to the actual size.
setbit ( int n ) outside zero.
compares a date with a boolean.
decode the next chunk.
instantiates a new udp packet handler.
multiply all values of the map by the specified multiply by.
checks if given level is equal to current level.
compute the children of this folder.
quote the given file path.
tries to read some data from the net buffer.
clears the internal maps, and clears the list of tombstones.
removes an imageconsumer from the list of consumers interested in data for this image.
check if navigation is at bottom.
update the aperture based on the new value and the current active sockets.
builds an invocation associated with the specified protocol.
compute the mark for the given statistics.
gcd : the first number is zero.
test verifies the capture of a position.
validate and evaluate a list of expressions.
parse a relative directory section.
helper method that can be used to figure out the encoding to use based on the input source
generates a url for a particular series and category.
returns true if the thread should expire instead of going to the idle state.
displays at the beginning of the display.
decodes 64 - bit code from the given byte buffer.
create the sql script to run.
get a random cauchy value.
add the given group to the list of job groups that will never be deleted by this processor
print the entire layout.
request a data packet from the client.
adds a single field to this multi - match query.
encodes this polynomial to the given outputstream.
signals that no pending operations have been acked.
helper method to convert an int [ ] array to a string.
copies the source array to the target array, resizing the target array if necessary.
computes the great circle distance between this circle and location.
parse an input manifest from fs.
read a number of bytes.
fire this event when the operator has been moved.
removes the individuals in the dataset.
modifies the variable label.
repeats the specified substring count times.
wait for the state change.
search for the first node in the inference graph that matches the given input inference graph.
creates a new instance of adduserfields.
parses an integer value from a string and returns it as an integer in the form of a
find bounds of component by id.
stops all the given workers.
return a clone of the frame mappings at the top of the stack.
calculate the flaps state transition percentage.
mangle the name of a mangle method.
saves the state for the current term attribute.
consumes a sequence of characters from the queue, returning the result as a string.
below method will be used to print out the list of ip addresses that are defined.
disposes the codec encoder and decoder streams for the given session.
calculates the number of transpositions between two char sequences.
parses the given string ( not implemented ).
returns a stream of the elements in this time series.
registers a manifest mod.
arranges the container with no bounds and no constraint on the width or height.
checks if the message's content type is equal to the message's content type.
generate x509 certificate based on dn, application uri, issuer key and hosts.
handles next button request.
check all dependencies in the moduledescriptor map.
beancontextmembershiplistener method. called when objects have been removed from the parent bean
check that a directory exists and can be writeable.
returns a string representation of this interval.
writes default serializable fields to stream.
receive notification of the beginning of an entity.
checks if the given name is a keyword.
extracts the import url from the matcher.
strengths of this collator and indicates if it is equal to that collator.
runs the test case.
renames an object type, e.
write a list of values to file.
creates a new dnetscapecertificaterenewalurl dialog.
invalidates all caches which have not been saved yet.
flatten a byte [ ] into an xmlserializer.
writes a list of strings to a file.
allows you to cancel requests currently in queue or running, by set tag, if passed.
utility function to draw snap horizontal margin between ( x1, y1 ) and ( x
creates a subset record from a given record and the given schema.
queue operation to be executed.
interprets the given string as a cells array.
transforms the given shape using the current transform.
prints out a list, starting at the specified indentation, to the specified print writer.
initializes all components used in dialog.
obtains the revocation status of a certificate using ocsp.
returns the composite type for the specified alpha composite rule.
removes a tracking icon from the list of icons.
finds all phone numbers that are registered in the state machine.
removes the parent file from the given file and returns a new file object with the updated.
returns true if a is almost equal to b.
this method is called when the end of an element is encountered.
. util. arrays # fill ( byte [ ] [ ], int, int, int
starts a new element and writes the given bracket.
calculates the logarithm of a given value.
uploads file from source to destination.
creates a temporary temp file in the temp directory and returns it.
column has been deleted, return true if no handler for the column has been deleted.
check if tag and images are empty.
restore the badge's badges to the current badge state.
if called, touches this object and notifies the worker.
construct a catalog entry.
add a msg waiting to the queue.
pushes a new stack onto the stack.
log the hierarchy for the given class loader.
add a member to this gossip.
gets all the log files registered with this appender.
returns whether case sensitive or not.
return true if this node is a namespace node of the form : namespace - name = value
returns the hash code value for this object.
creates a simple model using default resource bundle.
tests another object for equality with this object.
for custom purposes. not used by colorpickerpreferrence.
perform the default action.
start a binary traversal at the given node.
the end of an element.
cancel all sessions from this endpoint.
gets the value at the specified index of this attribute as a double.
find the value that corresponds to this key.
decodes the given base58 string into the original data bytes.
create a new sub - pattern association.
delete the file. returns true if delete succeeded.
does an annotated type have a prefix?.
tries to format the object array according to the given format string. < p / >.
checks if logger already exists for the provided class and returns it.
receive one byte from the client.
checks a container for constraints on the given resource.
validates imdb id.
show current video record.
serializes a list of coordinates and writes it into a stringbuffer.
check whether the exception is intended to be shown in logs, based on its message and the
swap the matrices so that the largest value is on the pivot.
returns true if the task bar can be shown on the top of the screen.
creates a job based on the specified xml classpath resource name and parameters.
finds the main classes in the given directory and returns them as a list.
checks if a string is valid xml.
read the field values for a statement from the input stream.
checks whether an access code is compatible with an instant run.
create a sequence containing the elements of an array.
creates a single manager instance.
verifies that serializable fields have invalid values.
compute the offset for the given segment.
returns the element at the specified location in the vector.
creates a qo rule object from the jsonobject.
returns the octet array corresponding to the given identifier.
format double value.
flushes this output stream and forces any buffered output bytes to be written out to the stream
validate the c - octet string.
returns the bounds that will be used to display the provided points.
add button for clearing graph data.
calculate the levenshtein distance of two strings.
creates a text file with the specified extensionention.
returns true if this is a skill line.
converts carriage returns and new lines in a string into \ r and \ n.
add notification that will be sent to this ping service.
create an nfs datastore.
check the size of the array and increase if needed.
create an album from a uri.
checks that the given string is a valid internal name.
enqueue the tasks that will be run at the end of the queue.
removes quoted column name ( if present ) from the given name.
returns true if the player has the given leader.
redo the last operation for a specific rich text editor.
reports result as a result or null if the result is not available.
writes out protein view to an zipped and compressed html file.
test convert ( ) for harmony - 1947.
write the data into sptk file.
start the current thread.
finds an element that matches the specified name in the specified parent node.
constructs a star operator from a regular expression.
remove the specified element from the selection.
pass mouseevent straight through to delegate.
prints a formatted string to this output stream, using the locale and the specified format string and
transforms the xml document source to the xml document output.
tests comparison of attributes with different values.
adds an instruction to the suffix list.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
closes a selector if it is open.
returns the value of sub ( two numbers ).
adds the provided required attributes.
opens a dialog that allows the user to select the commands currently saved in the history panel.
returns the counter's current value.
reads the input stream and returns it as a byte array.
construct a stream from an publisher.
creates a new protobuf handler.
the real guts of parsenetworkresponse.
this method returns the notification object with the specified id.
setup the green gradient.
writes a histogram to a file.
this takes a stage of a stage of a value and returns a plain stage of a value
add a number and a character.
clips a string off the specified location if the string is null or empty.
removes an element from this instantrunnable.
add a slide to the intro.
wraps a string to a string array of strings by adding spaces to the end of each line
creates a direct vertex array given an array of vertex coordinates.
publish / send a message to an mqtt server.
cleans a directory without deleting it.
returns the inverse watermark of a sub band of an image.
moves the file or directory specified by src to the directory specified by destdir.
loads the security properties from the specified file.
close a stream and ignore any resulting exception.
delete all the scan files.
starts the specified process and checks that the output from the process is equal to the given output
below method will be used to start file based merge.
gives notification that there was an insert into the document.
constructs a new datetimeexception.
used to determine if the siblings between two components are parallel siblings.
reads reference from cl.
subtract two numbers of the same length and different signs.
creates a new plaintext component with the given integer.
check if the current date is today.
creates an initial port and starts to listen.
pretty printing accumulator function for doubles.
converts an android image to a bitmap.
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation.
test if the dom implementation supports a specific " feature " - - currently meaning language and level
assigns port to usage based on matching target ports.
reads the next event from the queue and returns it.
appends the points to the buffer.
update a jcombobox with the information from the db.
creates a new refactoring session transformer.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
compare the contents of this editor.
import a resource into view.
check if maybe numeric is present.
encodes the specified string using the preferred encoding.
atomically adds the given value to the current value.
returns the current time in milliseconds.
append a namevalue pair to a list.
creates a properties instance from the specified url location.
calculates the weight of a plan based on its score.
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified.
search for a value that matches the current selected value.
create a directory on zookeeper, if the key does not exist.
calculates the logarithm of a given value.
power of x, y, and z values of the given vector3.
used to receive ssdp packet.
convert temperature in meters to rgb values.
add name mapper for the advanced state map.
. util. arrays # fill ( boolean [ ], int, int, int )
adds the elements in the specified collection to the end of this list.
format nothing. just use the control string.
create a unique resource name for a table.
gets called when the destination track combo box is changed.
returns the tip text for this property.
returns a string of all named values concatenated by a specified separator.
create a string representation of a source class for the given attribute.
description of the method.
requests a telegram's data group.
serializes cookie object into string.
skips the given number of bytes.
resumes the activity. if the activity is paused, it's running. otherwise,
subtract two numbers of different scales.
method to add to prototype callback.
creates new instance of alltoallpanel.
determine if the xpath function is available.
allocate a number of sections and add them to the section list.
check if a new soft ttl has expired.
generate a byte array containing random bytes with the given length.
calculates the weights for the right label based on the selected attribute number. < p >.
removes the last extension ( anything after the first '.
delete the attribute value.
scale based on min and max.
returns true if the scheme is one of the socket schemes known to this server.
add a leaf to the tree without creating any parents that does not exist already.
adds block listeners to the new range, and removes all block listeners from the old range until
hex - encode a byte array.
clamp a rectangle to a max size.
create new instance for tcp.
returns a string representation of the receiver, indicating for each indexable field.
encode the input data producing a base 64 encoded byte array.
draws a face based on the direction of the dir.
add a file system observer.
compute the log - 1p ( base 10 ) of a number.
adds the given number as a op_n opcode to the end of the program.
returns an instance of the specified provider class loader.
adds a new action to the list for this phase.
creates a new polygon with the given points.
reads the json value from the json array for specified index.
waits that a by is not present.
assert that this testsubscriber has not terminated.
this method returns true if the extracted identifier is a video id ( i.
check if operation was cancelled.
pushes the given subcontext list onto the top of the stack.
updates downloaded files in the database.
prints all the options of the currently running process.
parse the given language resource and return the tree structure.
description of the method.
remove a container from the list and cancel the request if not present.
creates a new kernel density function on the given points.
serializes an object to a byte array.
returns true if at least 3 points was added.
creates a new zip entry with the specified name.
selectfunctionalitytest # test_selectrightouterjoin ( ). selects records from a
read the given dictionary file from the input stream.
add a vertex to the graph.
re - create the model from the given number of rows.
returns a read - only set of the files contained in this output.
is operating system mac?.
check if this throwable is assignable from any of the given classes.
combines and returns queued messages combined into a single string.
prints an integer to the stream.
returns the confidence map for the items set.
checks if is all alpha.
converts a hexadecimal character to an integer.
this method must be provided by the vm vendor, as it is called by.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
save a keystore with the specified settings.
adds a filter to the list of filters to " or ".
send a debug log message.
update the statistics entry.
unit test for ctor 2.
returns the xml string representation.
splits the traces at the point keep_point.
flip all bits in place to the right of the given array.
parses index request source.
adds users to the configuration.
performs eviction and deregisters all the buffers in the queue.
copies a source file to dest.
decode properties into string ( url encoded ).
generates the rss xml file.
tests comparison of different elements by name.
deletes a directory recursively.
parse a string to a timestamp object.
checks to see if a string starts with a new hunk character.
removes all the element from the list.
read chars from the input stream.
converts string to byte array.
plays a file for a specific user.
ensure that, when the virtual machine is about to exit, all objects are finalized.
returns an array of intervals for the number of predictings in the distribution with respect to the
searches the specified collection for the minimum element using the specified comparator.
calculates the sha hash of a given file.
add a value key name.
checks if a core of this assignment is on the given border and returns this assignment.
converts an integer to a string with the specified character value.
splits a string of text into lines.
draws the interior of the plot.
add a hole to the shell.
registers all components required by the guacamole ui.
initialize the genericactivity fields.
skips input bytes.
generate a 64 - bit hash identifier for the public key.
creates a new create - xxx sub - command for an optional relation.
creates a new dnetscapecertificaterenewalurl dialog.
reads a single line element.
create a new list model.
returns true if field calltype is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
maps the given source to the given buffer.
creates a new jpassword dialog.
load metrics from storage systems.
see the general contract of the readshort method of datainput.
create a replication job to copy a partition.
description of the method.
find the orderings for a service or service in a given context.
indicates if this file represents a file on the underlying file system.
finds the first stage with the given path.
from the result of the kernel evaluation, compute the derivative matrix of stderror in the
run all bootstrappers.
check that the index header id matches the expected id.
returns the written data as a 32 bit integer.
save the named buffer if it exists in the file.
schedule the storage for a given recommendations.
provide a list of absolute paths that are relative to the current base directory.
check if the argument is a file specifying a module specifier.
inserts the expected pool capabilities per - tier string into the set of capabilities that will be used
this method transfers all bytes from one stream to another.
returns the path position at the given level.
attempts to read more data.
adds a numeric train class.
parse json object into list of groups.
invoked when a drag gesture is recognized by the user.
checks if a character is a valid identifier helper character.
add a header line to the header.
loads the address column from the given result set for a given column.
encodes a string using utf - 8.
returns the url with the given parameters.
the start of an element, but only if it isn't already there.
guess the type of a file.
test grabs all the terms with the minimum score.
returns true for a public field.
return true if the encumbrance budget is delete, false if it isn't
returns a transferable to use for a given list of file formats.
put the specified length in the encoded form of bytes.
puts a font family name in the map of generic font families.
write reference to node.
parses a namespace object from the input stream.
whether the population is empty.
returns the formatted string of this object.
convert class name to dotted format.
creates a new dauthoritykeyidentifier dialog.
plays next video in playlist.
invokes accessible method of an object without specifying parameter types.
copy nodelist members into this nodelist, adding in document order.
returns the rotate stream corresponding to this path.
clean up any history numbers that are not greater than max history size.
this method extracts all needed values from the styled attributes.
constructs a log message with provided template and code.
translates the action represented by the actpos.
tells whether or not we can load the config file.
returns true if the node has a valid value.
parses a string to a boolean, raising an exception if the string cannot be parsed.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end -
formats the current time with the given formatter.
create a linked hash map of source code words with line numbers for the adapted content string.
returns a deep copy of the u matrix.
returns a set of all duplicate error codes allowed, if any.
returns true if the field in a target object is visited.
removes a download from the completed list.
modifies the main query by adding a new optional query consisting of shingled phrase queries across
returns the token digest as a valid xml id.
this method creates the values for snapshot created in the vplex system.
insert new log file into database.
merges two sets of values.
deletes the preferred language of a existing user.
called when the media player is prepared.
parse a parameter value.
skip characters. this method will block until some characters are available, an i / o error
maps a point to all players in the circle.
create an ecdhe object from a named curve id supported by the device.
adds given header to given message.
get the refcount as a string.
recreates workspace table and saves new data in the database.
executes a parameterized queries using a single statement and list of parameter values.
closes all open tags and releases any system resources associated with this block.
receive notification of an entity reference.
links the specified node to the last node in the tree.
draws a divider at the given canvas with the given bounds and childindex.
creates a new form spec with the specified default alignment and encoded description.
decode the coded input stream using the given parser.
writes a little - endian int.
writes an double field value.
calculates the next creature to spawn at a given level.
validate backup properties before start time.
deletes a trait from the repository.
adds a collection of tables to the schema.
writes the given template file to the specified writer.
clears the loader. if the loader is not running, it's not started yet.
get the index of an item in the toolbar.
adds an attribute to the message.
executes each task in the graph asynchronously.
run a full import using the provided dataconfig and extra params.
build a user id from a range of user ids.
starts the consumer. if the consumer is already started, it will be stopped. otherwise,
generates code that generates the sign flags for a binary operation.
checks if the current cell could be labeled for the simulated cell.
write typelist item into current section.
load properties from config resource.
close a stream without throwing an exception.
create a transaction with the specified timeout.
skip characters until the skip character is found.
convert a package name in the format " com / foo / bar " to a path "
returns whether this map contains the specified key.
checks whether the given fragment is valid.
increases the capacity of and internally reorganizes this cache, in order to accommodate
load pois from assets and save them to database.
creates the xml element for a colour value.
checks whether the check has been done.
responds to an operator change in the edit conditional window.
adds a header to the message.
check if there is a duplicate request to redis for the given uri.
determines whether the provided view is hidden.
delete a file or directory recursively.
returns true if the menu bar is bordered.
construct a node in the result tree.
create a priorityqueue from a word - > query.
iterates through all objects in the given stream, passing each object to the given closure.
exit the application with the given status.
returns the distance between two points in meters.
processes the given challenge token.
calculate g ^ 2 + a ^ 2 = p.
add cost cost detail to qty.
adds a new undo event to the undo list.
establish the cache if needed.
appends the given text, with the image span.
validates a password using a hash.
returns all snapshots in the repository sorted by name.
add one certificate to the certificate set to be included with the generated signed certificate.
multiply a positive number by zero.
utility method to clean static members.
paints the background of a tab of a tabbed pane.
build a new automaton instance using the supplied bytes ref hash.
returns the lower and upper bounds ( range ) of the visible series in the specified dataset.
shutdown the server, returning " shutdown " if the server is not active.
number of threads in the group.
assigns role to user.
creates a default threadpool, with default values : - a default threadfactory - all events
writes the initial styles ( if any ) to the stream.
returns a string representation of the parameters using utf - 8.
test where each operation locks only a single resource and there is only one resource to be locked
runs the next pending command.
closes all sockets and wakes up the selector thread.
load a dom document from a file.
. math. bigdecimal # divide (. math. bigdecimal,.
removes an annotation at the specified index.
replaces all occurrences of the specified character with another character.
tries to touch the specified file and sets the last modified time to the current time.
wraps the given callback by applying a matcher that will wrap the given callback.
invoked when a cell is selected.
add zero to a number.
add class to bug set.
format a string and try to format it with the given format.
parse the upper case mapping attribute for a unicode character.
keep removing entries from the queue until an entry is removed from the queue.
creates a zip file for the directory.
determine whether the provided name is a valid playlist name.
import data to xml file.
logs add or remove row for a specific table.
a method to construct a default digest method type with a default hashalgorithm.
creates a subset of vertices sampled in a subset of the vertices passed in.
constructs a new gremlin transaction manager.
shift all beans in the flow.
the doinbackground method gets all the positions from the db and stores them in a list
executes all the files in the " make " list and makes them.
a method to be called when some text was deleted from a text node, so that live
construct new application environment.
create a new producer worker with the given topic and message.
called when a tab is added to the foreground.
returns true if at least one of the functions of the given type is assignable from the
load org access user.
closes the disk cache associated with this imagecache object.
takes an exportmask and creates a map of uri to all the volumes in that exportmask
closes the underlying sockets and socket streams.
returns a vector containing the maximum x, y, and z values.
gets the output and error streams from a process and reads them to keep the process from blocking
adds command line arguments.
returns matching node or null if none.
draws the axis on a 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer
reads the contents of the fetchlist file into a list of urls.
creates a random colour.
parse a category string into its diagnostic kind and whether it is fixable or not.
legacy - process a method, since the decision set its exposemethod as property, we need
constructs a new sptk object.
aborts the test run and interrupts all threads.
adds a csp listener to the solution strategy.
prints the given text message to the given print stream, wrapping the text when necessary with line
removes an element from the list at the given index.
checks the nullability of a result set.
compute the bounding boxes of each contour.
use the timeline's timeline and remove it from the set of timelines.
attempt to load lob data from file system.
paints the component, using the supplied graphics object.
returns a list that has all of the elements in the given array, but with the given
send the event to all the listeners.
update multiple keys on a region.
this method loads the specified extensions into an x509ext object.
deletes all addresses of a existing user.
set the limit ( number of columns ) to the given value.
checks whether a file exists.
skips characters. this method will block until some characters are available, an i / o error
method to initialize the enveloped payment methods.
convert file name using maxbytes bytes.
copy a file to a given url.
updates all deltas based on touch points.
creates an authentication configuration object.
trims all whitespace from the supplied text and span.
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster.
send remaining bytes in buffer to the peer.
calls the defined event function on the distributed system.
finds the next file to open in the given list of files.
checks to see if two strings are equal in the same way that string1 and string2
execute shell commands, default return result msg.
populates the binary blob with the provided base content using the fillbinaryblob stored procedure.
removes a local file from the folder observer list.
makes the object immutable.
appending the is null operator clause.
remove all elements from the queue.
update favorite channel image to current station.
appends all of the elements in the specified collection that are not already contained in this list,
saves the current analysis to the given file.
returns an iterator over the dependencies of this capability.
parses an integer from a string.
construct a buffered header from a buffer.
convert a util. date to a string.
executes a request with given error callback and returns the response or throws an interruptedexception if something
checks the server response code.
adds a new resource source.
commits changes not handled in user interface.
connects this board to the nearest target, returning true if this is successful.
called when a generic motion event occurs.
add a qualified name to the class.
edit the specified element according to the column property name.
create a set of fixed point values for the given curve, x and y set using the
serializes a w3c document to a string.
return the area of the triangle between 2 points.
two transactions read a value and replace it.
casts a list to array object remove empty elements.
searches the specified collection for the minimum element.
method to create a server heartbeat object.
tostring contains tostrings of elements.
finds the " club " action in the attacks.
create a pdf file from a line in the pdf file format.
converts a collection of inet addresses into an array of strings.
display the authenticated pilot's profile.
instantiates a new smooth moves.
update price lists of the product bean.
check whether the moduledescriptor depends on one or more modules.
clearbit ( int n ) inside a positive number.
deserializes a funnel from the given list of objects.
appends a parameter type to the given descriptor.
adds a catch - clause to the end of the list of catch clauses.
stream an array of bytes to the browser this method will close the servletoutputstream when finished
unlocks the given key.
fetches the orderings in the order by the given start index and ends up at the given
ensures that the list of all schema versions that are compliant with each other.
remove all elements from the stack.
create a new tilestore.
are there any more work than this block in the chain work?.
reads the next token, skipping whitespace.
returns true if the url represents a jar file.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
applysettimestamp adds to the batch the query used to change the server timestamp, if needed
creates an accessor matching the given method name and arguments.
stops this timer. if it is already running, the duration of the timer is increased accordingly
this method will be used to add new row.
decode the base 64 encoded string data - whitespace will be ignored.
return the native stack frame address for a given stack frame.
scans the path portion of the path starting at the offset.
return true if the mime type is a standard image mime type.
creates a new form fx.
measure item size in bytes rather than units which is more practical for a bitmap cache.
returns the absolute value of this matrix.
removes the attribute from the attribute set.
snapshots the camera and starts the previewing.
parses an exception attribute from the given node.
rotates the width and height of an image by changing the position of the picture.
update finantare's cost.
display current calendar info.
creates a line string from the given coordinates.
trims an array to be exactly the target a size.
closes this editor ( if it is open ).
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied
subtract the specified number of flakes from this flakes list.
process an array of bytes, producing output if necessary.
returns true if service type requires resource name.
main entry point for the launcher.
macro : round : parses s, rounds with v, fmts.
constructs a authoritykeyidentifier structure from the given certificate.
open a new jar file.
removes all emails from this user.
x. net. ssl. sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs,
creates a password reset handler.
determines if a character is letter.
call the visitors for the arguments in this vector.
create an html link from a uri and label.
checks if a token starts with the " & lt ; expr & gt ; " expression.
destroys the tree and clears all information about the root node.
creates a hierarchical uri from the absolute path of the given file.
performs the process play request.
performs a binary search for the specified element in the specified sorted list using the specified comparator.
finish the xml document, flushing the document as if it had been written out.
see if we can go here.
removes the given value from the map for the given entry.
creates a new hash data cache object.
marshall enum to json.
initialize the native events from the preferences.
indicates whether file writing support for the specified file type can be obtained from the midi file
returns the window naf of the given window width.
attempts to map the collection name into the default collection name.
fills vector with random integer values in the range [ min, max ).
returns the hashcode for the byte array.
notifies the calling thread that the animation is stopping.
checks if the package name is equal to pname.
draws the range markers ( if any ) for an axis and layer.
decrypt key ( does not use salting, so the encryption result is the same for the
construct a vpf layer.
determines whether a connection should be closed.
returns the hsl ( saturation, saturation, and brightness ) of this object.
returns a future that will block until all tasks have completed execution after the given timeout.
returns true if this pool is unused, false otherwise.
this method asks and changes a directory in the remote server.
remove quote from the column name.
returns true if the user has scrolled the up button.
refills the input buffer.
performs a search for documents by query.
ends the list and writes the end of the list.
return a list of element objects that are children of the given element, with the given names
generates a seed value of the specified number of bytes.
returns the tip text for this property.
this method calls proc listjobinstance and fetches a list of jobs that are specified by c
computes the bloom filter for a given number of coefficients.
it opens a file input stream.
adds a caret listener that is notified about changes in the text area.
get the serial sensor manager instance.
tests fail : always returns false.
converts a buffer to a string.
iiiiiiiii date. date # equals ( int, int, int,
parses an id from the same document uri, returning null if id is not present.
mark the position as in use.
creates a simple chol matrix given a matrix.
read a number of strings from a given memory address.
shifts right an array of integers.
distinct aggregate function which update the distinct set.
remove a legion member from db.
print the contents of the buffer to the stream.
returns true if the method contains the given bafbody.
retains only the characters in the string str.
deletes the connection that has not been in use.
performs a binary search for the first occurrence of the argument in the binary tree.
clean up a transit schedule from the accumulated transit schedule.
returns true if the two references are equal.
turn a list of patches into a plain text patch.
close a precedence table.
this method validates the sort size.
finish painting ( if not already done ).
delete the panel. returns false if the panel could not be deleted.
perform an asynchronous average operation.
returns the next token from this sequence.
creates a new html dom implementation.
obtains a description of the tracked route.
creates a macro object by parsing a xml file.
method to delete es input directory.
adds the specified resource to this uri.
terminate the fsync service and wait the response.
finds the farthest location that is visible on the map.
computes minimal sample size for downscaling image so result image size won't exceed max
creates the main split pane.
removes unwanted characters from the chain.
returns true if the initial context factory and connection factory are successfully set up, false otherwise.
create an fs instance.
creates a new element in the xml tree.
reads an inputstream and returns it as a string, up to the maximum number of characters
splits a name of a remote branch ( i.
encrypts the given outputstream using the given password.
pads the string with the given character until it has the given length.
reload the swipe state in the view.
resets the iv to its original value.
multiply the matrix by a vertical flip ( i.
shuts down the session factory if it exists.
converts a byte array into a string that can be used as an ipv4 address.
creates a new action object.
converts a hex string to a byte array.
writes a string to the buffer.
creates all permissions.
sets the network's networks in the tzone to the values of the network's
displays an error message and then terminates the line.
reads up to " chunk_size " bytes from an inputstream, and returns them as
sums all facets of the taxonomy by summing the matching documents.
create a reverse geo code from the given input stream.
strips prefix and prefix from qname, and appends it to the prefix map.
convert a list of tags into a single string.
creates and returns a new element for another element.
resets the counters of this tag parser.
rotate the vector counter - clockwise in radian by the angle of the vector.
this method signals that the connection has been lost.
returns the value of the first header with the given name, or null if such header doesn
parse sparse fields from query parameters.
signs the xml document with a certificate that was signed using the provided list of sha - 1
this method gets called when the target of the listener has changed its state.
this method adds the given url to the scan tree.
add a new region to the set.
resets the internal state of the neighborhood manager for use in initialisation of the neighborhood
reloads the document, so that it contains no information.
this is used to determine if a field is static.
gets number of outstanding requests that have not been processed yet.
return a string representation of a byte [ ] as well as its string representation.
initializes the logging for the component.
fills the list from pos down to the end of the list.
removes a default value from the existing set of default values.
test of put cause eviction for non - null keys.
merge two signatures, returning null if the two signatures are empty.
returns the hash code of the object.
creates new exception with given throwable as a nested cause and source of error message.
enter a visited transaction.
add an option to the command line.
pause for the client to join.
propertychangelistener method, to listen for the source map's background changes.
add a frame to the transition.
scan classpath to find the classes that implement provided interface.
get the text in the cdata block.
determines if the given mutable block needs skylight update.
expand a rectangle by a given amount.
converts a string to a datagram.
returns a string representation of the graphics state.
returns true if the guacamole is initialized.
removes a previously submitted thread hook.
calculate the set of transitions between two resultpoints.
obtains the string representation of this object.
check if the camera size is available.
append a text string.
encode a plaintext string into a byte stream.
return the lookup list for this gsub table.
get the total delta sum.
returns whether a char is likely to be a word boundary.
execute a blocking operation.
write a portion of an array of characters.
create a table from the parent and span.
return the subtype as a string for display.
add a line from the current path point to the new one specified by x and y.
checks basic missing value handling of the scheme.
disable all buttons related to load and drop.
load the artifact at the given path.
tries to acquire acquire the given number of acquires.
checks if the string is a header end.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
construct a tsa action with a delay between two actions.
creates a new dauthoritykeyidentifier dialog.
adds a point to the end of this partial hull.
check whether the given class is a cglib proxy class.
verify whether a discovery response is discovered or not.
generate a log anal report.
update text views for recharge.
gets map of near and local locks.
stops listening and closes the tcp port.
decodes the data with the prikey.
derives the argb value for a color based on an offset between two other colors.
adds a weapon pad to the array to be spawned.
creates a attackstrategy from a string - like parameter.
creates a default threadpool, with the default values : - a maxthreadpool, -
this method will write a chunk to the distributed system.
retrieves an event by id.
initialize the checkers with the initial values stored in the preferences.
this method loads the properties from the property file.
prints this property list out to the specified output stream.
converts a string to a date object.
returns the md5 checksum for the given file or null if not found.
initialises the download size.
check if there is another record in the result.
trims the size of this list so that it contains no more items.
starts a new scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket.
this returns an ascii representation of the given board position.
clears any cached information.
converts an iterator of xml nodes to a set.
run a task multiple times in a fixed thread pool.
creates the vm list.
adds a port use to the passed in map.
removes the current attribute set from the stack.
associates the specified value with the specified key in this cache.
remove a model change listener.
fire the change event.
creates the connection name.
discovers ( refreshes ) a host's geo data structure.
read a number of bytes.
draw a line for each connection in the order in which they were entered.
add a new node to the queue, or queue it if there is no node to be
converts a file object to a file object.
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height, and with new
build a random multi segment power - law bipartite graph of given sizes.
this is a utility method that can be used to execute a command in an external program.
update progress with a new value.
creates a context handler for inclusion in a local file system.
returns true if this text starts with the specified prefix.
just create a space - separated list of container initializers.
creates a new temporary directory in the default temporary directory.
tostring - return a string representation of the partition array.
scipio : returns true only if the category is a child of the category passed in
input an instance for filtering.
get a list of all columns for the given table.
adds a newly created resource into the map.
release the semaphores registered with this manager.
tests if this object is equal to another.
check if the quorum is maintained.
sets up an alarm object and schedules the next.
request that the player service to stop.
x. net. ssl. sslengine # create ( string hostname, int port ) ;
joins arrays together and returns the result.
splits the path portion of the url query and paths.
inits the best selling report for the given action form.
begin the current transaction.
add a job to the list of jobs to run.
resets this formula object back to the original string.
adds a constant pool entry to the pool.
add data to the chart set.
gets the value of the info gain.
cancels any name value associated with the specified property constant.
deserializes an object from a byte array.
divide the number of multi digits by the number of one digit.
show the selected neuron properties.
this method is used to encrypt the data in bytes of the input stream. it will be
return true if there are changes to the children of this method.
this class has only static methods, so there is no need to construct anything.
removes special character from a string.
create a new run script action with the network panel.
creates an image of the given type and url.
this method consolidates a list of tuples given as installment.
check if the string is a valid email address.
adds a new ( line - merge ) edge to this directededgestar.
parses an application. xml file using the given entity resolver.
open the connection to the server, or create a new one if none exists.
report a table of slot usage.
adds the given topic to the subscription store - used for topic to subscription matching.
zips the given file.
generates a hashmap for storing expanded state when activity is rotated or onresume ( ) is called
add an audio packet listener.
creates the extension from the passed der encoded value of the same.
creates a new environment.
adds a callback function to a script object.
remove all block / forward / reverse entry points from the config.
writes a string to a file.
check whether the given node represents an operator variable.
called by the picker for updating the header display.
segment near to polygon.
add an action to the list.
method which loads the data from a file.
get the url to this class loader.
remove a cached entry.
create non cg volume.
downsaves the timestamp of a specified window size.
for printing only the points in the point list.
receive notification of an error.
put head element into pattern table.
perform the union path iterator.
read a record from the database.
throw an ioexception with a error message.
check if there is another record to get.
add a principal to the set of issuer principals.
builds a selection string to use in the key column for the table and query.
filters the node map and removes old nodes.
write updated device to storage, writing last write times.
runs the test case.
adjust an array to contain the absolute values.
removes the processor at the specified position in the pipeline.
splits a trie into two trie nodes, each having a given prefix and value.
extracts the by by by element id or by locator.
notify listeners that a task started.
throws an exception if the call is destroyed.
upload artifact properties to specified input stream.
escapes bytes in the format used in protocol buffer text format, which is the same as the
converts the supplied object to an array of types.
add binary token to parent.
skips all spaces or tabs from the given string starting at the given index.
generates something useful in the chart, when the user presses the " update " button.
return a sample at the sample position, or a new assignment if no samples are selected.
given an input stream, reads a certificate.
creates a new instance of httpurlconnection.
associate the given value with the specified key.
renames the schema of a table.
handles " read last " error.
add a file to the priority queue.
apply the layout and set the initial location, neurons and neurons of this
( since linux 3.
returns the layer size ( 76490 1 / 2 ).
finds public non - static method that is accessible from public class.
helper http function to get list of my service cards based on keyword and categoryid.
adds a phonenumber to the list of phone numbers that are searched.
convenience method to return only the digits and plus signs in the matching string.
compares two methods to see if they are equal.
returns the first markersegment of the specified tag.
opens an input stream reading from the provided string.
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array of
send a list of items to the broker.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end -
check that the scheme is the same as the uri scheme.
create a private key usage extension from its der encoded value.
generates daily periods for the whole year in which the given period's startdate exists.
creates a random secret key.
this method gets called when a bound property is changed.
try to parse the json string returned from the facebook in a non - blocking way.
loads version information from the url.
find a page of users using query by example.
add a static view to appear at the end of the recyclerview.
adds a sequence string to the beginning of the queue.
checks if the session is read - only.
consume a publisher and wait for it to arrive.
set the parent for this node.
returns true if the provider is registered with one or more provider names.
this method is called via reflection from the database.
sends a message to the bail command and exits the program.
asserts that the actual timestamps are within the supplied epsilon, that is, equal to the
instantiates a new spider spider parser.
flushes this message to disk.
adds a hop to the entity set.
returns whether the queue is empty.
tests instantiation of primitive types.
reads entries from the segment.
returns the number of hosts in the net2initiators map.
add the certificates from the supplied store to the certificate set to be included with the generated signed
process lob metadata. this method is called before lob parsing is done.
fires a startprefixmapping for the given element, using the current namespace.
prints this exception's stack trace to a print writer.
convert a data flavour list to an array.
test for correct error handling for a choice empty icon.
translate the attribute values to the form " yes " or " no ".
get the next available index id.
fill the fields with default values.
checks if the security infos contains a given list of security infos.
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other
converts a list of byte arrays to a list of byte strings.
adds a new index definition with the given type and list of columns.
sets the ssl key store password.
construct a zookeeper state machine ensemble.
creates a shortcut for a given character.
removes the minimum subtree from the given subtree and returns the new subtree.
resets counters to initial state.
write the given configuration to the given outputstream.
sift the given type compounds to the target class.
update the location of the timer to reflect the new location.
compares this object with the specified object for order.
binds a property value to the progress bar.
removes a column from the table.
write log data to uri.
closes the connection to the database.
constructs a new instanted model editor from a bayes search runner.
remove an actionlistener that would be informed when the forward projection changes.
returns true if the index corresponds to a literal character.
generate a granularity instance based on a path element.
creates a new worditerator for the default locale.
closes this indexreader and releases all index locks.
syncs a local file to the remote server.
performs some processing on the given item.
resize the cache to the requested size.
split a uint8 character into a byte array.
pretty printing accumulator function for short.
scans the given directory for files that match the given prefix.
removes the specified bandwidth field.
exit with successful completion of the current process.
returns current time in milliseconds.
removes newlines from the argument string and replaces all occurrences of whitespace with single - character.
the doc element is expected to be at this index.
this method returns a properties object containing the property values for each property in the supplied source map
removes the last element from the list.
ensures that the component with the given name is visible.
at the end of the collection, check that the protections are in the current representation.
creates a new instance with the specified number format.
splits a charsequence per line.
initializes an action with a given selector and a specified duration.
reads the next field from the http response and returns it as a tuple.
adds a double and a string.
removes the property change listener.
load the values for this step from an xml node.
this function returns a hash for the contents of the signature, given an ordered list of stages
add the trigger group name to the repository.
reads an encoded string from the input stream.
clears the temporary file list.
decompresses a thumbnail image.
completed submit ( runnable ) returns result.
shrinks an area by the amount of space represented by this object.
used for testing if a request is coming from a solrqueryrequest or from a solrquery
builds the absolute stats.
serialize the classifier into the given file.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
check if the partition tag is set on this field.
arranges the container with a fixed height and a fixed width.
executes a method invocation on the proxy object.
returns the index within the string that contains the given character, or - 1 if the string
increments the counter associated with the given key.
send a osc packet to a client.
handle a key typed event.
fill in the gaps in the class names.
verifies that the field names and constraints are non - null.
create a program that satisfies an op_checkmultisig program.
deletes the instances at the given indices.
add the listener as a listener of the specified type.
gc : a = gc ( g1, g2 ) = gc ( m1,
tests if the given base date is between the given start date and end date.
adds a listener for timeout events.
converts the strings to an array of strings.
transforms the description into a tip text.
writes bytes to the buffer.
creates a new multipart post request to the specified http url connection.
receive notification of character data inside an element.
appends a new tag to the xml document.
returns the extra information passed to the validator.
adds the given collection of content elements at the top of this fragment's list.
executes a closure using a map of arguments and an instance.
writes to the underlying stream.
add an index entry to the resource index.
executes solve ( ) and stores solution in local representation.
removes the indicated number of characters from the start of the array.
factory method to create eventtype metadata objects for a bean.
reverses the process it.
returns true if the caller can use subject creds only.
add a field with the specified value.
deletes the storage from disk.
gets the response for the advanced request.
this condition checks if the value of the checked attributes matches the value of the corresponding attribute.
loads the database from the given input stream.
delete luns from the lun group.
remove the specified locators from the set of locators.
return true if p_ choice is selected.
add operation to panel.
sets the provider the keystore will use to authenticate against by the provider named by providername.
compare and decrement the worker count.
converts a list of requests to a http connection.
create a new tcpv3 datatype.
tests fix for bug # 11213.
amount of time that this process's waited - for children have been scheduled in user
construct a program rewriter for a given list of hop rewrite rules and sb rewrites.
creates the settings menu.
writes given string to given stream.
checks if the given string is a valid xml name.
all the node related commands needed to run this node.
parse the packages to create the sensorcontext objects.
gets the error stream from a process and reads it to keep the process from blocking due to
deletes the string wherever it occurs in the builder.
converts the list of string parameter classes to an array of parameter classes.
trims everything from the size of all gazetteers.
determines if the prompt contains the select account.
sorts the given instances using quicksort.
flip an image horizontally while changing the ratio of the picture.
returns true if audit logging is enabled.
is the request a terms request?.
reads segments for this table.
project a time within24 hours.
below method will be used to update min / max for no dictionary.
deserilize a struct object.
create and parse allowable options.
concatenates two byte arrays.
initializes an input stream from a file.
factory method for creating the extended dismaxconfiguration.
writes out a json - value property to the database.
compute the y_view of the max value.
adds a listener that will be notified when focus is cleared.
add a listener for mode changes.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
creates a mosaic levy.
returns the rank of a given value.
negate the given predicate.
add margintop to mcontentchild.
converts a hex string to a byte array.
send bytes from the given buffer, starting at the given offset, to the process.
fetches the schema from the server.
appends the given double array to the given stringbuilder, using the given prefix, separator and
as an array, this can be casted to the real type.
reads partitions from a file.
return true if seqno is newer than max seqno.
draws a line from x0, y0 to x1, and assumes that the picture
performs some processing on the given item.
pushes the given element to the top of this stack.
this method returns the cardinality ( number of values in the range [ tailindex ] ) of
create standard response header with optional cookie and print document.
cast a object to a long object ( reference type ).
override this method to set the minimum size ( width, height ) of the dialog.
tests that internal state of the object can not be changed by modifying initial array value.
disconnects the adb bridge and cleans up everything.
this method can only be invoked from a connector.
find the int literal used in the literal list for this object.
if the user wants to reload the gui, we need to reset the viewable area area
verify that the rate ops is correct.
add a trustmanager to this factory.
returns an iterator over the children of this node.
tries to create the folder.
i - mutual information i ( y_j ; y_k ). multi -
setup and run a test.
. metadata. get scale ( ) method testing.
make a json text of an object.
indicates whether the retention policy is retained at runtime.
message processing test, start activity.
adds a new classpath to the existing classpath.
loads directories which match the given first option.
produce a new individuum helper, with zero duration.
finds all the classes in the classpath that are specified in the classpath using the classpath's
checks if the value is a slavo germanic.
randomize the inventory of an item.
returns the formatted value.
converts the given string to lower case.
for each step in the list, run asserts the contents of the list are the same
registers a transform for a given uri.
stop transferring this coroutinamethread and notify that this coroutinam
shrinks the capacity of this charseq, if the capacity is equal to the current length
creates a new logical and condition with the provided sub - conditions.
dropped the data item downstream to the given absolute position.
instantiates a new hop impl.
updates the controls which are enabled or disabled.
writes a single character to an outputstream.
read message data from m.
generate a batch insert and remove operation.
returns true if this system name allows multiple addition to be added, false otherwise.
method to compare all the object classes in the set with the specfied object class.
writes an int field value.
returns the natural logarithm of the factorial of a number.
timed wait for a response to a pending operation.
atomically adds the given value to the current value of the field of the given object managed
close an input stream without throwing an exception.
append a byte array to the log file.
notifies all list listeners that the data has been changed.
convert a ipv4 address from an integer to an inetaddress.
open a cfftp connection.
unpacks the compressed character translation table.
adds the key - value mapping to the cache iff there is no entry for that key
determine the common suffix of two strings.
close the dialogue.
start the monitor thread if it is running.
poll for the video frame end.
scales the display area by a specified factor.
reads the default serializable field values for this object from the specified stream.
converts the period to lower camel case.
removes the element at the head of the queue and returns it.
instantiates a new movie set action.
creates the rmi registry on the specified port.
read from monitored sockets, report any changed data to the given handler.
resets the internal parameters to their initial values.
makes sure the output is whitespace only.
handles duplicate request handler request.
check if the entry is old enough to be expire or not.
makes the given visitor visit this node.
return a string array of the special properties for this node.
handle the donequery call.
retrieves the former identities of the node this node was constructed with.
process the parameter and return the hastings ratio.
method to handle chart progress.
obtains a local date instance from the epoch day.
checks that all cache entries have the same local size and peek modes.
virtualized support for map.
adds a language to the list of languages.
returns the index of the smallest value in an array that is greater than ( or optionally equal
adds a user to the underlying repository.
block mix with a 128k hash.
registers a host in the network.
add to - be - reconcile flow to the queue.
creates a jar file from the supplied entry set.
appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided integer value.
expect a server proxy failure.
removes the given parameter from this command.
recalculates the attributes statistics for a given attribute.
returns true if this element has no children.
inserts the specified column at the specified position ( 0 to the front of the column spec )
get the index of the first occurrrence of s.
calculates the size of the rhs of a given production.
load a command from an input stream.
reflectively invokes a compiled command.
compute the probabilities for a multinomial logistic model, given an array of responses.
adds a client properties to the external db.
a method that will delete a file or directory only if it is within the'target '
method that adds / removes the export volume steps for a single export group.
inverse inference by gibbs sampling, the number of sample links from a document d to
removes the specified dbg token from the list.
adjust min / pref size for columns ( or rows ) that has components that spans multiple columns
parse the contents of a file.
escapes an escape sequence other.
returns the network parameters for the given string id.
add all certificates and crls to the certificate store.
store body of the request body to the stream.
helper function to find the angle between two points.
appends whitespace to the output.
clears the resource index.
special handling to check if we have a valid byte array for both header and transactions.
generates the last 6 six - months where the last one is the six - month which the
gets the set of labels required at the time of matching the vertex in a query.
this method resets the unread count for a given section.
adds a new category to the list of categories for this user.
callnonvirtualvoidmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns an object.
tries to send all other messages to all connected hosts ordered by their delivery probability.
make a press color.
test streams from values.
cache client user id.
returns matching node or null if none.
utility method to query the modifier flags of this member.
runs a single task on each image container, and blocks until the image release is done.
main method that does the actual work.
creates a s2 cell id for the given face ( i, j ) and ( i
updates the enabled state of the actions.
closes this audio input stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
truncates the phone number to when it is too long.
checks if is within time comparison epsilon.
optional histogram that represents a single value, returning an empty histogram.
creates and returns a new weekday label.
add the given path to the end of the existing path.
returns the position of the given substring in the given value.
submit ( null callable ) throws nullpointerexception.
read a signed 32 - bit int.
add a preprocessor directive.
formats a given date in a given buffer.
clears the results of the profiler.
filter out elements that do not have a property with provided value.? s < key >
adds an attribute value to an existing entry.
copy stream with custom buffer size.
prints a list of type members in inner class's hierarchy.
initializes the basic variables at the given position.
invoked when the mouse is released.
returns the number of free spaces in the windows machine.
attach a header to a sip object.
synopsis [ ] phonemise a word into a g2pmethod.
this method exits the application.
prepare the state with the given value.
null - safe hash code method for objects.
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one.
asserts that pivot field values are the same.
returns the serialized policy in xml.
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer.
recursively visit a directory.
highlights some text with the appropriate color.
process one block of input from the array in and write it to the out array.
converts a command into a topic.
checks that the given array is not null and not contain at least one null element.
execute download on given url with cookie.
test against the " void setseed ( byte [ ] ) " method ; it checks out
flip the vertically of an image.
creates a filter factory using the provided set of arguments.
execute the callable wrapping checked exceptions inside a runtimeexception.
returns a string of length a minimum of totalchars characters by padding the input string str with
returns a hash code value for this policyentry.
creates a new unixterminal by reading the standard input and standard output from the specified system.
returns true if the cell at rowindex is editable.
check available streams and remove online items.
adds the package to the priority list.
action to be performed.
verifies a certificate against a collection of crls.
expand the input stream into a base 64 encoded char sequence.
constructs a capabilities object representing the specified encodings.
returns true, if the rotate edge labels are enabled and false, if the rotate edge labels
creates a new response code with the given extension.
creates the default inverse cumulative probability test expected values.
appends the string representation of the boolean argument to this string buffer.
deletes a set of servers from the datastore.
sort part of an array.
report a fatal error. <! - - begin - user - doc - - > error
add a terminal if it is not already in the set.
recursivly create a recursivly node ( if the path does not exist ).
stops recording, send messages to stop recording.
writes a tag to the output stream.
returns the hash code value for this timestamp.
create a type variable from the list of type variables.
iterates from this number down to the given number, inclusive, decrementing by one each time
adds a raw select clause element.
remove listener for pv changes.
return true if gts is normal, false otherwise.
instantiates a new show progress.
parse a repository expression from a string.
closes this reader. this implementation releases the buffer used for the pipe and notifies all threads
add a new section.
load a genome relationships file.
parses a version string.
compute the type of the test.
returns true if a is nearly equal to b.
loads a json model from a file.
split a line into an array of strings, ignoring comments.
convenience method for creating volumes.
write the data from the map to an object.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
checks if a block is a start block.
check to see if the password strength is valid and throw an exception if not.
splits the pdf document into pages of a specified size.
validates the set of auth schemes.
gets the uuid value of the given urn.
reads the next line from the input stream and returns it as a string.
decode a base64 encoded string.
creates a red gradient paint with the given width and height.
returns a list of all numbers that can be matched by a regular expression.
creates a node that can be used as an entry in the graph.
check that the given deliveries have the expected states.
checks whether there are facets on the given file ( s ) and if so, creates a
serializes the bitmap to the specified file.
parse a text into a sentence, using the given conversation context.
replace the child element with a new element, and return the updated element.
gets the hash code for the specified multi - key.
flushes the internal buffer and flushes the underlying stream.
adds entry to the entryinfolist for insert data.
update the state of the sliding bar.
flushes the current vcf writer to disk.
instantiates a new video stream.
compares this character array with the specified string.
flushes the underlying stream, but leaves the internal buffer alone.
creates and starts the serverstarter thread to wait for the server to start.
sets the pagination properties for this pagination instance.
creates a new runtime collector with the specified algorithm and frequency.
removes a service provider from the provider registry.
instantiates a new newest first comparator.
updates the series for the given data item.
writes an float field value.
decodes the given byte array to the original data format and returns it as an array of
return a path for the " scroll " buttons.
remove all views from the adapter.
check if a mobile is valid.
convert a single error message to a message box.
returns the hyperbolic sinh value of the number.
show notification in container.
returns true if any of the attributes have been modified.
gets descriptor for given method.
returns a random sample of the array.
draws a message size according to current size range.
grab the arguments part of the signature.
x. net. ssl. sslengine # create sslengine ( ) object.
processes the events and dispatch them.
reset all internal state, allowing this object to be reused.
sets the nodetype, namespace, and localname combination.
writes a long to the specified position.
delete volume replication set info ( r ) for a given rp system id and replication ids.
moves the current frame to the next frame in the pending queue.
see the general contract of the readlong method of datainput.
test getting columns metadata.
discover the implementation of a log category.
create via header, based on host, port, transport and branch.
returns a string representation of this object.
resolves the parameters of the supplied executable to the specified target, using the default values in the
returns true if the given character is a valid xml name character.
checks whether a character can be part of an open element id.
returns a hash code value for this object.
creates a new command handler enum.
tells whether a given type is a float.
invoked when component has been resized.
creates a new argument definition.
removes the element o from the array, starting at the specified position.
removes a model from the models collection.
reads the data from the specified map file and creates the map object.
computes chi - squared approximation for a set of trials and observed values.
on nested view pre - scroll.
tests whether the given local instances are deterministic.
add a match to the appliedregion.
called to signal that some top - level data was changed.
asserts that the given consumer accepts exactly one exception of the given type, according to the
returns true if this network is empty, or false if not empty.
asserts that a boolean value is true.
creates a new converter and sets the id key to the given value.
performs any initialisation that needs to be done in order to avoid errors.
attempts to prepare the request for a retry.
sort a file or folder in batch, that is, in temp directory, using the given
add directory to scan for saves avatars.
returns node in range [ 0, 1 ].
converts an idrepo org name to an amsdk organization.
take a key and convert it to a readable string.
check if string is hierachic.
paints a portion of a highlight.
receives a char and stores it into the pipedreader.
converts a buffer to a bytebuffer with boundary constraints.
writes a single byte to the outputstream.
process the local files found in the uri.
generates a screen on or off utternace template based on feedback index.
resets the start time for the stopwatch.
read a signed int value from the inputstream.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
addissuer ( x500principal name ) method testing.
adds a tag transformation.
returns true if the file has been modified since the last write ( ) call.
return the characters up to the next close quote character.
internal helper method used by openxmlstream to read values from a tag.
compute the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors.
checks if db configuration is present.
checks if a pin ends with an incomplete character sequence.
generate code to close the log alert window.
returns the best parse for state " state ", potentially starting with a unary rule.
parses xml dom element.
returns the distance between two points.
description of the method.
pads the string at the given number of places with the given pad character.
creates and registers a new error result code with the application.
add all the exception sets in the set that are contained in the other exception set, or
begin a video capture.
create a new license locator based on the given license files and charset.
check whether the exception is intended to be shown in logs, based on its message and the
initialize a registry of project types.
add notificationlistener to this mbean.
subtract two numbers of the same length and different signs.
consumes all messages from the topic consumer.
delete attributes from the given entry, and remove it from the servicebyattr map.
test that dsa algorithm parameters are properly encoded.
possible answer for a class literal.
loads the log file for the given license.
creates a new htmlparser, which allows the specified command - line arguments to be escaped or
update an entry in the data store.
calculate the likelihood of a given tag in a document.
returns a string representation of this instance.
checks if is safe mode.
test bulk get / put byte [ ] methods with offset and length.
add last data item.
checks to see if the first input line contains localized messages.
create a dockerimage from an image name.
listen for notification channels.
deletes a directory recursively.
deletes all empty folders from the launcher.
perform an asynchronous sum operation.
write ( int b, int off, int len ) method testing.
parse document from data.
is the production journal volume the volume belongs to?.
test the pound symbol in the column name.
decodes an escaped uri string into a original string.
waits for the next poll to complete before giving up.
computes the length of the anno text.
writes the image map to the given printwriter, given a name.
adds a message to be imported.
returns the xml as text.
returns the collection of string objects as a list.
returns the smallest of the specified values according to this ordering.
reads bytes into the given buffer.
associates the specified string with the specified int value in this vector.
consolidate a list of item stacks to one list of stacks.
determines how many days ago time was ( rounded down ).
check if a chardata is a wf xml character.
xor for zero and zero.
call the specified consumer when a'rail'completes.
. util. arrays # fill ( char [ ], int, int, int ) test
add missing values to a dataset.
insert a list of records in batches.
removes a listener for when tabs are selected, reselected, or deselected.
create a new connecturimanager.
add volumes to parking storage group for given policy.
convert the specified string to an input stream, encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding.
has the user chosen to export to pkcs8?.
generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key.
creates a new number tick.
checks if stoppable is running.
writes the given message to all registered log handlers.
returns if modifier is public.
creates a linkedhashmap containing a single entry where the key is the pref name and the
append a string onto the string buffer.
deletes the username and password from the authenticationinfo.
writes error to the log.
removes processor from list and builds final state.
returns the animation type or 0 if cannot be found.
append a string onto the vector.
check if a method is contained in a list of wrapper methods.
remove a node from the list of nodes.
handle the update button - update the turnouts list, and add a new route.
returns the string representation of the content object.
checks whether x is present in the classpath.
computes the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors.
returns the size of the batch.
decodes a url string into its original form.
clears the scrap heap.
sets the data set associated with this dataset.
receive notification of the end of an element.
create a set of options.
adds a child to the display list at the specified index, using the specified base display base
return the minimum path sum of all cells in a grid.
creates a time object from a given date - if the date is between 1950 and 20
creates a new dimportkeypairpkcs8 dialog.
minimizes the simple representation of the automaton, using the initial set.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
adds a column to the key definition.
checks for nan values of a vector.
fills the stringbuilder strb at the given offset with spaces.
open the destination directory for writing.
calculates kernel value of vectors x and y.
closes this writer. this implementation flushes this buffer to disk, and then closes the target
takes a list of files and writes them to the specified destination file.
mark all classes in the classpath as internal classes.
returns the cosine of the vector in radians.
calculates the ss error for the given predicted values and target attribute.
returns the number of prefixes contained in this object.
appends the given char sequence to the output.
return a timestamp as a string.
convenience method to consume an attribute.
copies the specified byte array into this byte array, starting at the specified position.
import a key into the encryption queue.
constructs a new connectiongrouptree having the given root and permissions.
utility method to determine if a bufferedreader contains a single metric.
tries to parse the given meta - tags content.
remove the given columns.
reads service configuration from the service server.
refreshes the preferences with the given resource id from the database.
adds a typemirror object to the set of inherited types.
multiply histogram by scalar.
adds participants to cache.
convert a map to json text.
prints the context part of the message to the print stream.
returns the number of methods in this object.
store request id in requestid map.
saves the http post managenameid service.
go to update play store page.
creates a new scope.
converts a collection of files relative to the specified root directory.
ensures that the system is set to a security manager.
get rate according to adempiere.
performs an interaction with the given urlconnection to the given serversocket.
generates a unique engine id.
parse referential rule set.
encrypts the w3c dom document doc.
add an issue during transformation.
inserts the specified node at the specified index.
calculates the ntlm hash of the user's password.
checks whether the double value is between zero and one.
substitutes macros in a string value.
x. powequals ( ) calculates the power of each element of the array using the given
splits a string into a list of camelcase words.
use an xpath string to select a nodelist.
constructs a new result entry.
generates xml for discovery.
creates a basic type with the given parameters.
action to be performed.
applies all required properties to the service.
rotates the tree to the left.
add a new node to the cluster.
this method checks if the set with given name exists in the backup system.
converts the comma - separated values of a stream into an array of strings.
write a string without compression.
parse the thresholds file.
shuts down this server.
converts the drawing point to a view point.
called when the socket connection is established.
adds a descriptor to this setup.
compiles a progress - success action string.
returns a string containing all float numbers concatenated by a specified separator.
put an unsigned byte into the specified bytebuffer at the current position.
returns the number of parameters in the given descriptor.
optimize ( remove holes in the rows ) the given trie and return the restructured trie.
is all denied boolean.
returns the key of the data set ( hidden ) as a string.
creates a formatter for the specified locale.
waits for the external storage mount to be mounted.
pushes a node onto the top of this stack.
upload the local file to the remote device and install it.
reads the input stream as bytes and returns them as a list.
uninstalls a silent install of the given package.
open a list of playlists.
sets the names of the builder.
tests stepping backwards through a range with a closure.
this method will check the digits before dot with the max precision allowed.
de - serialize a dom document to string.
append given name / value pairs as query parameters to the base url < p > the params
send an event string to the agent.
apply jms filters to this topic.
get the indexes for all tuples whose field matches the given tuple.
close outputstream without a exception.
adds the specified listener to the internal list of listeners.
convenience method allowing a single attribute container as a single attribute container.
creates a new cache span for the given position.
opens the specified file.
toggle the selection status of the item at a given position.
called before a tick is executed.
maps a single character to its corresponding byte value.
invokes the produceevent method of the listener and returns the result.
if the given name is a built - in keyword, wrap it in a built - in
adds an issue matcher to the matcher list.
looks for the scope associated with the given annotatedelement.
regenerates a key for openam.
removes a property change listener.
previous the current element.
creates a new deferredimage replacedelement.
determines whether a name is a prefix of this compound name.
invokeall ( c ) returns result of some task in c.
create a new internal listener.
sign the hash into an ecdsa hash.
create a new time period.
create and return a edit menu for this dialog.
removes the given listener from the list of listeners.
updates the state with the given model.
is this a bom?.
returns whether the certificate is signed or not.
parse a text representation of a json data structure.
returns the number of parts in this bucket.
create a simple database from an inputstream containing filters.
adds the filter to the jeditorpane so it can be used by the user.
callback from the stop button.
returns null if there is nothing left.
eliminar usuarios organos.
add the neurons in the same layer as the previous neuron in a source ne
shiftright ( int n ), n is greater than bitlength ( ).
ignorm = log ( x ) - log ( y ) * c1 [ 0 ]
finds and returns the index of the first non whitespace character in the given string.
reads the content of the buffer from the underlying input stream.
constructs a primitive value corresponding to the given value.
creates a new cash based journal entries and reversals for the savings account.
reads a sequence of bytes from this file into the given buffer.
removes all of the elements from the calendar.
returns the probability distribution function.
converts an integer to a string, and appends it to the given buffer.
draw the 12 text values at the positions specified by the textgrid parameters.
test de busqueda active directory con atributos.
handles a key from the input field list.
returns the hash code value for this position.
removes the leading period.
checks if required config directory is present.
removes empty labels and compacts all empty labels.
rotate theta degrees about the z axis.
convert unix time to milliseconds since january 1, 1970.
perform an asynchronous max operation.
create a balanced web resource specifying a username and password.
create an array signature from a type signature.
writes a newline to the file.
increases the size of the buffer to ensure that it can hold at least the given number of
enumeratedattribute is used to determine the complexity of the algorithm.
is there a request for more data?.
add a workerthread to the worker list if there are no more workerth
removes the node at the head of the frontier, adds the corresponding state to the explo
creates a font by the given name, bitmap, cut_ offsets, char_width and
checks whether the given memory pool is tenured.
returns a simple string representation of the dataset with the type and the number of entries.
execute a callable only.
add a protocol selector to the given protocol dispatch selector.
adds a http header.
reads a skel file and returns each line as a string.
returns the names of all genetic non - monogamous samples in the given fam
creates a vao for the scene with some boxes.
checks if the given file exists and has the given content.
load up a char - based image from the given file.
method updates the receipt details in the given receiptnumber when the operation is cancelled.
add one or more animations to the animation list.
cleans up discovery from the given storage system.
reads all of the words and adds them to the hash set.
returns true if length of string x exists in the specified range [ minlength, maxlength
unwatches and unregisters a previously registered file.
adds a property to the criteria.
removes the given column from the table.
check if the given native guid string exists in the unmanaged protection set.
put a string from a byte array to the destination byte array.
check hive query result.
atomically updates the current value with the results of applying the given function to the current and
closes the window and releases all system resources.
whether we should move the given load balancer service.
converts the throwable objects to their localized message objects.
create a new raf that will append the lock file to the file.
adds minutes to values list.
recompose the variable or function declaration.
this method gets called when a bound property is changed.
sorts the given array, if necessary, or clones it if it is not already sorted
execute update. saves " dbexecuteerror " in log.
do the text normal operation.
initializes the hadoop id patterns for the given connection.
adds a collection of indices to the query.
returns true if cookie is secure.
loads object models from json.
create a multistep expr holder that contains the expressions for all the paths in this mult
add weight weights to the quaternion of quantization units.
updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate3 ( ). updates row with referencing ones and
remove any exceptionsal out of this basic block and recompute the normal output.
convert object to spaced string.
parse the content type in the provided bytes.
the same as above, but it checks that the cache is not cleared.
add a line ( dx, dy ) to the end of the last contour.
for each line in the stdout / stderr, determine which of them does not already contain the
writes the start of the multipart message to the specified output stream.
add to actual qty.
check if a char is a vowel character.
print the stack trace of a sqlexception to a printwriter.
readdata - - input the modbus message from din.
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
builds a single row of components in the panel.
adds a number of target elements.
add a curve to the path.
divide : rounding mode is round_up, result is negative.
it opens the counter data input stream.
constructs a new composite predicate that only contains the given clauses.
reads the next word in the tokenizer and returns it as a string.
append a string to a stringbuffer.
checks if the test save location or path to the external storage directory exists.
builds the associations from the given data.
replaces the very first occurrence of a substring with supplied string.
this class should not be instantiated.
inspects the given object and adds it to this set.
return the first child element with the given names.
the main ( ) method is ignored in correctly deployed fx application.
returns the hashcode for the string.
tests the functionality of the method, which allows to add all helper text colors, which are
normalizes the values of all elements in the array.
writes a message to a file.
returns a hash code value for this object.
return a random number between start and end.
writes a file with the specified data.
handles changes to the locale.
retrieve a keymap from the cache.
checks if the given name is all 3 characters long, including underscore, _, -,
transforms a string that represents a uri into something more proper, by adding or canonicalizing the
deletes the mapping with the specified key from this map.
helper method for adding the surface / analyzed values for a single match.
starts the stop processing thread.
gets the values of a single row from the table.
removes a sequence of characters from a string.
adds all columns from the current table to the query as generated keys.
copies given inputstream to given outputstream.
check if we have setup the streams drawer properly.
simple test to verify that value of type bigdecimal can be converted to object.
copies the specified component and returns it.
computes a zetastatic distribution for n values.
computes the total pending advance balance for a given workflow date, work order estimate and vendor
this method loads the profile of the user with the given id.
scroll the list by the specified amount.
determines whether the given symbol needs quoting ( i.
parse commit counter file extension and return it.
loads a xml document from a file.
create a new floating comment node with an empty comment.
assignment is hod event or not.
build a munger that recognizes single - label modes from the given languages.
matches the given specification and returns an array of all found values.
assign the cluster number for the given class.
closes the subpath and sets the pen x and y position to the start path.
instantiates a new tv show episode scrape task.
save selection & return selecion query or " ".
creates an mmdnsocketfactory with the given array of notification types, the name and
cleans up a running build task.
create a directory in the specified parent folder that will be used for testing purposes.
move from center point to center point.
call sendevent to track an event.
invoked when a column has been pressed from the table.
creates fixed records from the given count.
adds attributes to the list if they are not already present.
recompose the attribute sets for an element.
splits the given string based on the given regular expression.
deletes the dbffdc file.
specialized version of find to get last valid node.
append data to an existing nal unit.
counts the size of a directory recursively ( sum of the length of all files ).
pans the view provided by this display in absolute ( pixel ) coordinates.
helper function to verify that object is serialized / recycled.
returns the url of the product wiki page.
returns the mean of all values in the list.
convert the byte array to hex.
initializes an input stream from a given url.
helper method for enabling the fullscreen runnable for test.
convert html entities to html entities.
writes a byte array.
unlock user interface. called from the worker when processing is done.
build a map of uri to array of storagesystem for the given descriptors, if the
password based encryption using aes - cbc 256 bits.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
deinstalls the editor, as if it were just released.
returns whether the workflow is secure or not.
add a new sample to the value interval.
creates a query parameter for prepare tenant.
if something goes wrong with the code, then attempt to throw an internal error.
draw the highlight for the node.
create an instance of an image encoder for the image format.
set a pinch zoom listener.
parses a string option, uses default if option is missing.
is theac balanced.
increases the capacity of this list, if necessary, to ensure that it can hold at least
returns the base detail name for the method, i.
closes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with this stream.
acquires the exclusive write lock.
creates a statement proxy object.
removes a user from the solr repository.
switch to setup mode.
helper method that loads the appropriate client object for the given oidc authorization request.
adds the named field property.
parse the no wild cards ( will throw an exception if the pattern is missing ).
returns a new map of environment names to the value of the baggage.
the graphical representation of a series.
listen for mod log messages.
check if the class name is a valid classname.
updates the current minute.
determines if the scan job is scheduled for at the given time.
removes a set of breakpoints from the breakpoint storage.
replaces an existing creation template for the given id.
reads the default serializable field values for this instance from the stream.
adds the given element to the end of this list.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string for display.
creates a new server cluster.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
minimalstage returns a completionstage that is incomplete, and completes normally,.
writes out a postresource element under the " dir " attribute.
trims an array to be exactly the target a size.
return the potion type with the given name.
removes curlmesh from this renderer.
computes the best reference list for a given source id.
posts the given runnable to the event dispatch thread if it is not null.
returns true if this cache has been closed.
inserts think time into the script steps.
add an instruction to the list of instructions.
increases the capacity to ensure that it can hold at least the number of bytes specified by the
removes an item name.
parse list of documents by class.
add a new weapon that will be targeted by the swarm.
checks if a checkpoint with the given key exists.
creates an omraster, lat / lon placement with an imageicon.
copy an input stream to an output stream.
writes the header of the pdf file.
parses a " " " string " " ".
code to unwrap return value from an object to another.
format a link with optional an anchor and text.
creates a jsonparserexception with the specified root cause.
fix all the util files.
initializes the openmap file.
returns all the files and directories in a directory.
recursively prints all of the children of this edit.
write the int to the array as a variable length encoded byte array.
removes the overlay for the given cell.
removes the given foreign key at the specified position.
inserts the string representation of the second int argument into this string buffer.
adds the gefaehrdungen to the list of gefaehrd
normalizes the given class path.
create a sequence containing a copy of provided obj.
pushes a node onto the top of this stack.
this method returns the node after the string conversion.
updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate7 ( ). updates row with referencing ones and
this completes the future returned from the read method.
validate that the scheme is a valid uri.
finishes the writing of data and notifies all threads that the data has been written.
converts a physical address from an offset into the actual physical address.
an internal entity declaration.
checks if the given log name, operation, credential is authorized for the given operation.
returns the next element in the array.
add a list of messages to play.
sets the rational field of the permission object to be used as the rational field of
constructs a principal using the provided parameters.
returns whether the specified object equals to this instance.
simulates rolling a 1d6 roll.
returns the stream corresponding to the octet format expected by sptets.
creates a new panel object.
return the height of the marker at the specified index.
consumer function that consume messages from a group.
calculates the distance between two instances.
find the sameas chaining.
creates all triggers and indexes for a single table.
output the dot representation of the inference context.
resize tables to accommodate a maximum number of rows.
checks to see if there is a next inet socket address available.
calculate the x value of the percentile that iterated on the given percentile level.
extracts the queue name from a database name.
given a symbol id and a context, use this string?.
the angle between two touch states.
create a uint16 from the data at the given offset.
remove quotes inside an option string.
generates a label for the specified series.
try to match string with ant path template variables.
updates the size of this widget based on the value of the preferred size and the editor.
finds a field in the type that has the given name and descriptor.
constructs a new instance, based on a particular date / time and time zone.
this class cannot be instantiated.
if there is no field with the specified key, then associate the given value with the specified
reads the boolean value from the json array for specified index.
generate the instructions to box field values on the stack based on the field type.
routine to open a pdf file.
the main class entry point for the launcher.
waits for ( by spinning ) to have the element transfered to another thread.
constructs signatures of a set of partitions.
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number.
find the end of the given character sequence after trimming whitespace from the end.
calculate the x and y coordinates of a glyph.
convert a date in julian to gregoriancalendar.
remove the last element, if it matches.
serialize a " compact " rdf element.
computes the utility table for the query variable, assuming no additional evidence.
convert a list of strings to numeric scores.
moves to the next image.
loading method. ( see nbt_tag ).
locates the best insertion for the given partial route.
writes a short ( 16 bit ) to the target stream.
check if pool is initialized.
starts and activity to open the'new account'page in the owncloud web site.
register an extra valid subject that needs to be restored.
trim a line of text and return it.
returns the euclidean distance between two points.
appends an instruction to a stack.
returns an iterator over the items in the order list.
verify that the domains are not in use.
get a copy of the source nodes, filtered by the circle intersections.
construct the fixture without j - test.
helper method that finds the serialization type for an annotated class.
converts the given scene input stream to the given output stream.
returns map containing a pair of keys and a value.
write a char array.
we load a voice from a particular maryt just because we need to get it for
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
add an incremental classifier listener.
see the general contract of the readr4 method of datainput.
generates a cert from the stream and returns it.
checks if all files exist on destination but not src.
converts the order expressions into the expression tree.
swaps the block in the world.
updates purchase in the database.
configures the message label.
removes all limit lines.
remove all values in the given stream from the set.
compute metering rectangle based on normalized coordinates ( x, y ) and sensor orientation.
flushes the internal buffer and flushes the underlying stream.
creates a new vector by copying the components in the specified array.
looks for the name of an inner class.
convert a lat lon value to a pixel value according to the zoom level and zoom level.
returns true if the world file values appear in a geographic format.
description of the method.
removes a remote session from this session.
returns a string representation of the vector.
get an iterator over this page's child nodes ( dirty or not ).
enables metrics for the server by setting " opt - out " to true in the config file
calculates an hmac sha256 hash using the specified key.
returns whether this charseq starts with the specified string.
write the remaining bytes of a byte buffer.
return true if the class was loaded from the application src / directory.
reads the ldif file and stores the content in a temporary store.
prints progress on console.
performs post - release lock on the remote object.
loads the positions from the database.
this method creates a checkbox with the given text and icon.
adds a completed batch to the request batch and returns the batch id.
dequeue an output buffer.
create a jobdefinition that is using fixed delay values to specify, when and how often the
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
stores given integer value.
create minimal splitting set for a given set of folds.
sign part of the xml document covered by this dom element using enveloped signatures.
displays the popup which is shown.
create a new abstract sdf writer.
attempts to guess the best firing plan for the given board on the given target by trying to
creates a volumegroup rest rep object for the given volume group.
posts a set of file names.
clear all searchable items.
add an actionlistener that will be notified when the user changes the colour of a label.
adds multiple instances of an ingredient to the list.
get the order by clause.
find a clones object that matches a given key.
converts a string to bytes using a given encoding ( e.
description of the method.
wait for process to exit.
adds a meta character to the replacement map.
the code that does the real work of lookup.
finds all history records for the given job.
quote a single character. < p > \ r, \ n, \ r, \
if a landmark has been added to the set of the active landmarks, this function
gets a string representing the template.
draws indicator in case the button overflows on the screen.
write a line of values to the file with a timestamp.
this method returns true if the inputstream contains a pem encoded item.
creates the new close listener.
controls the shard routing of the request.
receive data with a specific buffer size.
deletes an attribute at the given position ( 0 to numattributes ( ) - 1 ).
adds a number of labels to the index.
wrap the key with a newly allocated key.
creates a new plugin loader which will load classes from the specified server instance.
add a separator to the log.
test if save location exists.
loads the list of raw modules from the database.
writes the data for this segment to the stream in valid jpeg format.
method to round a value to the nearest integer.
converts properties from the properties file to types.
parses the register information message.
creates a new factory and sets the thread group to start the named thread.
unit test for a heartbeat message.
add a transaction to the server.
sleep for a number of time after a retry.
test split and join semicolon nested in pipe properties.
test json map of boolean type.
returns true if. at this time, the bean is busy with some ( i. e
parses bytes from the input stream and returns the bos.
resets the download bandwidth setting ( if any ).
tests whether a security role is correctly merged into an empty descriptor.
decodes a full revision.
removes all child character data nodes of the given node.
disconnects a node from a path.
return the mix of two frictions.
serialize a object to a json string.
generates the code for a zr register.
determines whether native volume expansion is supported on the volume.
update the gui from a roster entry.
turns a number into an oizp number.
returns a copy of this terminalsize with the specified number.
checks if it is allowed to load gzip file for the given request.
instantiates a new replay processor.
callback method to show list of conversations.
reads a single octet from the stream and returns it as an integer in the range from 0
enqueue a job to the job queue.
testbit ( int n ) of a positive n.
receive notification of the beginning of an element.
draws a string at the specified location with the given text decoration.
reads the number of characters from the stream.
update the nonce parameters to be consistent with the cnonce counter.
matches against rp system's virtualpool list.
calculate the fee for a player based on price.
adds the current search history text to the search history list.
trims a list of source files so that they are not part of the swf filter.
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array, with the given string as a
writes a 16 bit signed value to the out stream.
specifies the order by clause for the query.
create a stemmedstring from one string ( original ) and one string ( stemmed )
merges all logs on this network.
pack an array of ciphers into a string that can be used as the cipher names.
creates a new instance.
ensure that the tuple array exists for a given row.
determines whether the specified string is an argument to the parser.
remove all children of the given type of the given node.
eventually sets the value at the current offset of this list.
checks whether the given savepoint is valid.
set the columns for the current row based on the given resultset and table editor.
write a collection of strings to a file.
remove all elements from the list.
resets the uid validity.
writes standard ogg page header.
given a static site request, run if necessary and delete it.
removes a room from the database.
calculate the discharge for a given stack by the amount given in parameter.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this deque, in proper sequence ( from first
add all of the specified elements to the selection.
test if the feature is set, returning true if feature is set, false otherwise.
get backup partitions for specified node id.
set the image file to load.
creates p_tra [ 1 ] = p_tra [ 2 ] = p_tra
converts a digest to a string of hex digits.
create a new attributedstring bidi from a line.
check if the package private key is a valid caller for a given set of requirements.
paints the background of the title pane of an internal frame.
add a graph listener.
restarts and installs the given patches if necessary.
returns the array that contains the difference between the two sets of real and pred.
check if category is already set.
it creates a new instance of this panel.
append a file to the remote server.
returns a white list for the class loader.
returns true if the name is a scoped name ( ie : it contains a': '
creates an inputstream wrapping the specified character buffer.
load properties from config file.
pretty printing accumulator function for boolean fields.
renders a list of views in textual representation.
removes all listeners from the list.
loads an audiomap xml file.
add a generic attribute to the class file.
adds a list of fahrzeit events to the list of fahrze
returns a new instance of the given provider class, assuming that the system is not installed.
checks to see if the uuid is valid.
prepare a write to the channel.
check if we have disconnected remote servers and if so, clean the sessions.
writes default serializable fields to stream.
create an iv object from the given value.
adds a new http header.
adds a leaf atom to the list of leaf children.
cumulative density function of the normal distribution.
removes the named element from the result list.
adds a new filter entry.
mod when a divisor is positive.
creates a new dexportprivatekeypair dialog.
aggregate function which return the sum of the number of rows in the table.
calculates the x offset to draw the shadow at.
called when the activity is finished loading.
a simple test of writing an xml document to a temporary file.
add days to current month and year.
create a temporary file with the specified mime type.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
removes the entry object object at the given xindex from the dataset at the specified index.
runs the read test against the given byte array.
closes given resource logging possible checked exception.
identity - based version for use in itr. remove.
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height, and with new
util method to construct the arguments to the heron scheduler command.
add a solrinputdocument to this request.
performs a pending phase of the key.
creates a new empty simple system permission set.
add a curve to the shape.
restores the buckets from the preferences and saves them in the appropriate order.
reads the next character.
accept an app offer remove from offers list and update their index.
verify the signature of the private key with the private key that has been provided through the cms
generates activity scope graph using activitymodule plus additional modules provided by inject ( ).
blocking call. waits until a write request is received.
reads a date value from the input stream.
removes a listener from the collection of listeners who will be notified when the user changes the receiver
writes a single character to the output stream as many hexadecimal digits as possible.
reads the contents of the provided inputstreamreader into a string.
gets the type parameters from a declaration.
returns the number of free spaces in the given path.
reads all data from an input stream and closes the input stream.
see if within two moves of solution.
creates a new penn treebank reader.
unwrap a ss message from an array of bytes.
closes the write half of the stream.
apply row changes to the database.
converts a namedlist to a normalized form.
returns true if the argument is infinite ( infinite ).
return the inprogress log segment name.
adds the given value to the category at the end.
receive redundancy from the input stream.
output a document type declaration.
checks if a vector is valid ( not nan or infinite ).
resolves a target url.
recursively goes through the tree and calculates the depth of each node.
utility method to convert a search path string to an array of urls.
add an array of stacks that are final.
this method should not be called directly.
stores integer value with volatile semantic.
creates a new number strategy object for the specified field.
create a uri from a server address and port.
creates a new plot navigator with the given axes names.
add a column to the table.
create a new point comparator.
add an element to an xml document.
flush the internal buffer to the stream.
inserts a character into the beginning of the list.
adds a class to the set of interfaces that should be implemented by this interface.
read up to " len " bytes into the passed buffer, starting at " off ".
check if the window is displayed expecting the components.
processes and informs listener when we encounter a tag indicating that a test suite is running.
inserts the character at the specified position in this styled string.
add a proto element root.
expands the given tree to the given element or tree path so that at least the given
appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided float value.
create a new svnparser with the given configuration.
resizes the canvas to the maximum size.
tests if a sequence is normalized.
returns a textual description of this attribute.
un - escapes a som string fragment replacing ".
save the given entity.
read the state of a copystate from the given input stream.
writes'name'before the beginning of the json property name.
redeem specific to tokennumber and service.
lighten a color by a given factor the more the factor closer to zero the more the
converts a operand size to a string representation in the database.
returns the file name of the class.
writes the pv for the process variable.
parameterasserts that a qualifier is set.
formats the float array d with the specified number format.
pack a string array into an array, prepending "'" to each index.
remove a list of viewpoints from the set.
clear all the onpagechangelistener.
updates the color depending on the breakpoint condition.
remove the ignored view.
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream.
ensures that the resource's expiration is greater than the system time.
returns the maximum value of n choose f.
clear all the accumulated values.
toggles the selected section in the list.
combines a list of files into a single file and returns the result.
tell the instance scroller to stop scrolling.
execute the sum of in1 and in2, if the values of in1 and in
create a text response with known length.
look at the next element in the list.
replace an endpoint in an url.
makes the ok path of this mark.
add a member value to the pool.
adds whitespace characters to the list.
computes the qualified name of a widget node for a given namespace.
parses the ftyp atom and returns true or false depending on if the atom wasn't
extracts a map of name / value pairs from the specified string using the specified separator.
perform a http delete request and assert the response status code.
iterates over the set of entries and updates the sum of weights for each entry.
returns a shallow copy of this categorical table.
returns a new configuration with the given prefix and key prefix added.
returns a map of resource name to display name for the service if the service is visible and
create a new intcolumn.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns true if the current work has been completed or if there was no work in progress on
puts a bitmap into the bitmap queue.
adds a listener that will be informed when the server starts.
attempts to read more data.
creates a new notification with the given parameters.
this method will be used to add data to store.
returns true if the given domain name is either local host or the corresponding domain name.
computes entropy of a set of classes.
saves the instances in the database to a file.
calculate the color based on the position of the coordinate.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
adjusts the indent at the current block.
this is overridden to append code to the field.
creates a new forward planner object.
creates and adds a new button to the specified container.
returns true if the specified tag does not match the specified value.
returns a string representation of the business object data key.
create a talk usage value from the talk data file.
finds enclosing call with given name and consumer.
generates an iso image from an ovf environment variable.
creates an actionable event.
instantiates a new rational.
removes all notifications of the given type from this manager.
unifies the whole rule via the parent atom.
add uuid to an ssf node.
gets the offset of the first occurrrence of a field.
returns the xml for this node.
called when the run button is clicked.
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array of
shuts down the server thread, and cleans up the sessions.
returns true if the passed in string is a valid local id.
binds the server socket to a server socket.
interrupts the thread waiting to join on the given node, and returns the number of bits
resets the output builders.
writes carriers and plans to a xml - file.
removes a previously added listener.
test that a manifest with a launcher intent has no activity.
inform the user that a name has been similar to another name.
writes a header to a file.
returns the vendor for the generated build of the directory server.
create a new voiceresult.
treeify the tree.
add a category to the tree.
adds the specified listener to be notified of drawer events.
start the activity to edit a note.
adds the entry at the given position and returns the new entry.
hide the action bar.
formats a timestamp as a delta of time using the format " h : mm : ss "
solve a linear equation.
replace all newlines in a string with a single newline character.
readobject is called to restore the state of the socketpermission from a stream.
returns the total of the values in one column of the supplied data table by taking only the
open and load from a file.
beancontextmembershiplistener method. called when objects have been removed from the parent bean
performs some processing on the given item.
removes instances from containers during scaling down.
draw a message in the status bar as normal.
kill a consist of the current text.
start listening on the port.
parse the passed bitmask as a set of flags.
verifies the passed - in signature in the specified array of bytes, starting at the top
add a match string to the list of match strings.
returns the time ago that the time was printed to the system.
converts the given hex string to a byte array.
stop tracking a job, and return true if it was removed.
returns the sample coefficient of the variance.
return a textual description of this predictor applicable to all sub classes.
creates a new skeletonversion checker object.
upgrade a single attribute from the old version to the new version. < p / >.
converts an android class name to a android class name.
emits a ensure field and collection declaration for the given method.
unregisters an existing client from this server.
escape quotes in the given resource.
allocate a new container with the specified capacity and percentage.
check if uri represents local resource.
checks the obb file path and returns the path.
zone level resource is considered as a zone level resource.
validate message, and throw exception if message is wrong.
close two databases - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
calcola il md5 del messaggio, usando la crypto api.
runs the metastore compare job, given the input table list path and output path.
deletes sub people containers in this role.
test of find recentmessageuidsinmailbox method, of class hbasemessagemapper
queue an " event " to be run on the gl rendering thread.
adds the error message to the error messages buffer.
ensures that the buffer is large enough for the given target size.
writes a byte array with the specified key to the underlying stream.
processes a " query " using a user constructed solrqueryrequest, and closes the request at
checks if both links have the same link stats.
generates a sanitized id of the schema.
removes a provider with the specified number from the list of providers.
parses an xml element.
formats a money object into a decimal string.
delete an instance of the entryclass, and remove the class from entryclasses if this is
read the script settings from the script source.
logs a warning message to the logger.
reads the given inputstream and returns it as a string.
construct a vector with preset values.
removes a transaction service listener.
bc is the sort order, i.
tests whether a single session node is a consistent model class.
called when an object has been added to the beancontext.
removes all layers from the map.
returns the number of productions in this production set.
asynchronously create a path to create with optimistic behavior.
write this object to a stream.
compare two objects. returns true if both objects are of the same class, false otherwise.
constructs a new reflectiveattribute.
processes an event log control.
unregisters a membership listener.
add a message to an existing uri.
present the final image on the screen / viewport.
this method is called by the - - operator for the class calendar.
binds the angular object to a note and paragraph.
remove all elements in the list that are in the given indexes.
creates a new view object.
determine if the expression consists of objects.
interpolates the interpolation based on the current time and the number of milliseconds since the last time
auto requests mods channel names that are not already present in the mods list.
returns true if the source object contains the given value.
change the name of the specified file.
handle error violations with exit code and exit code from the application.
remove the specified sensor from this sensor selection model.
prints the way nodes of a default entity.
returns a string representation of the byte array.
returns the full path of this managed object.
checks if there is another proxy at the end.
check if an object was clicked on this view.
hash code of the object.
specify the measurement mappings for the builder.
extract a zip file to a directory.
instantiates a new config.
creates new form goto line dialog.
forges and sends the teardown request.
parses more data from the given encodedimage.
test verifies that the server returns messages from a simple ear call.
returns the length in bytes of the string, or 0 if the string is empty.
returns true if the given object equals this prefix.
notifies current wifi state.
checks if the given key / value pair exists in the visited post.
removes the given listener from the list of diagram change listeners.
returns a new connectivity grid object for the given key specifying the maximum cell size multiplier of a
removes the leading dollar sign.
cleans up the host context.
constructs a new p - value pair with the given value.
this method is called when the user selects a chart from the menu bar.
accept a data point for the legend.
creates a new set containing the ranges of this set and the ones in the given other set
creates and starts a tailer for the given file.
is operating system macos.
returns the number of values in this array.
creates a new dviewasn1dump dialog.
returns a copy of string, with whitespace removed.
add a message in the buffer.
dispose - free resources.
the result will be positive, if the line is on the left of p_point else
expands the given number string as a real number string.
get ones ( ) of the given number.
submits a permission request for the user to submit a rationale if there is one.
test setting a properties on a war.
creates a new logger instance.
creates a new delete - xxx sub - command for a sets relation.
recursively removes all cycles from the graph.
returns a string representation of the given matrix.
try to find an ancestor context that matches the given pattern.
kills the process. this is a good thing to do if the process is still running
encodes the remaining contents of the char buffer in a newly allocated byte buffer, and returns the
create a new metrics object given a map of dimension names to dimension names.
resolve a class specified by the descriptor.
checks if a creature point is contained in this zone.
inserts a byte array.
tells whether or not the text field uses anti - alias.
this method will load the level file for the given table and column.
helper to validate zero long file contents.
writes the tag to the stream.
apply a mask to a given value.
computes the total duration of the action.
read the nitf information from the bin file.
get screenshot as a bufferedimage.