returns the current depth.
compute the union size of two bitsets.
called when the user closes the ok button.
returns a string representation of the classifier.
union this sector with another sector.
returns true if the given value is equal to the given value.
int value of a bigdecimal.
recursively walk the given directory recursively.
returns an array containing the ordinal values for the given tuple set and field.
divide : rounding exception is invalid.
called when a dataset has changed.
schedules the given runtime as a library.
returns true if the type is a string.
validates the given sql statement.
converts to primitive array.
returns true if trace logging is enabled.
this method is used to use a missile if the player is holding a range weapon.
instantiates a new tcp matcher.
determine the maximum level reciprocal for a given node.
request the confirmation of the pass code.
adds a worker to the list of workers that failed to run.
insertfunctionalitytest # testinsert4 ( ). inserts a row into the database.
writes a map entry to the disk.
called when the end of an element is encountered.
log a message with the specified arguments.
deletes all leaves with the given name.
returns a string representation of this vector.
validates a character array.
removes a shutdown hook from the runtime.
returns true if the current scroll should be scrolled.
wait for volumes to be visible.
start additional services.
updates the indicator view state.
paints the image using the specified graphics context.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection with the specified name.
returns true if the name is prefixed.
release any connection from the database.
adds a collection of actions to the view.
adds a simple renderer for the specified series at the specified index.
copy a stream to an output stream.
calculates the angle between the x and y values.
returns the given byte array.
creates a new instance.
returns a new charseq containing the concatenation of this charseq and another charseq.
this method is called by the http get method.
notify the listener that a state changes.
getorder ( ) method testing.
format and log a throwable.
constructs a redis key for a queue.
decodes the given string using the given charset.
adds a domain to the list of restricted domains.
creates a new stoppablereadlock with the given lock.
isautoincrement ( ) method testing.
copy the contents of the given byte array to the given output stream.
returns true if the list is empty.
renders a gif frame.
returns true if the given string is a valid nc name.
adds a message to the end of the list.
prepares the data set.
builds an array of service registrars.
checks if the given string is a valid value.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
removes all recurrence rules from this recurrence info.
adds all nodes in the document order.
check if we need to refetch data.
creates a new documenttype for the given qualified name and public id.
returns the contents of this field as a byte array.
returns the enum with the specified style name, or the default value if the style name does not
get the next avc rp au.
creates export mask map from placed masks.
inserts the specified object at the specified position in this array.
write an image with no scale.
adds a document to the cache.
updates the progress of the host with the given label.
copies the contents of the given resource to the given resource.
fade audio to a file.
this method is called when the graphics context is being drawn.
loads the properties from the given class.
add zero to zero.
fix the gps attribute of exif.
returns true if the given cell consumes the given event type.
reads a single character from the stream.
creates the y axis for the largest value set.
returns the delta max.
prints a file to the peer.
extend this grounding with another.
expect a pattern to be parsed.
test of gettabletypes method, of class testdatabasemetadata.
updates the cache for the given file.
remove a swipe listener.
returns the descriptor for a field signature.
adds the given parameters to the request body.
converts the annotation class to an annotation class.
returns true if the resource supports an ar resource.
creates an electronic text method.
creates a new patternguardexpr with the given namespace, name, and list of parameters.
returns the number of lines intersecting two lines.
returns a copy of origset with the removed o.
returns the unix timestamp in milliseconds.
returns true if the summary is a pdf.
draws the grid background.
reads a zip stream from the specified path.
unpacks the compressed character translation table.
called when the tmp files are copied.
returns the common submitter queue.
returns true if the given attribute is a private field.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_up, result is positive ; distance = - 1
converts the codes in the given string to lower case.
loads the unit data from the given input stream.
calculates the selector radius.
determines the width of this view.
getbyte ( int position ) method testing.
called when a user has been added to the database.
parses a local number.
convert a list of path objects to a pixel array.
decodes a string into a byte array.
throws an exception if the expression is not true.
slides the view to the top of the list.
creates a new mutablebiginteger from the given mutablebiginteger.
this method is called when a sso binding error occurs.
constructs a checkpointmanager from an input stream.
creates a new index segment index.
returns a string describing the liveness of the database.
inserts a parameter value into the map.
returns the minimum size of this layout for the specified target container.
selects the item at the given position.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
adds ignorable whitespace to the document.
wait for the editor to be active.
returns the largest solution in the population with the given objective.
convert latm to y.
register notification handler.
parses a property list from the given input stream.
computes the current score function.
instantiates a new grammaticalityestimator.
check the zone link.
check that the array is valid.
processes a connection event.
returns the percentage of the values in the given range.
closes the given closeable without throwing an exception.
release a lucee page context.
adds a new event listener.
determines whether a new journal should be rebuilt.
converts a string to a byte array.
loads properties from a classpath resource.
tests this graph for equality with an arbitrary object.
parses a name - value pair.
called when a pull event is triggered.
returns the mappingobject at the given location.
parses the given json file into a string.
computes the difference between two texts.
creates a new repository with the specified domain.
count the number of tokens in the string.
adds a codeindexdocument to the queue.
resets all common components.
this method is called when an error occurs.
this method is used to convert the object to an appropriate representation.
paints the arrow foreground enabled state.
log a message at the given level with the given message and arguments.
convert a positive bigdecimal to biginteger.
called when the accuracy of the accelerometer has changed.
returns true if the command allows trailing arguments.
setmaxcrl ( biginteger maxcrl ) method testing.
evaluates the popup menu.
removes a task from the queue.
divide : rounding mode is half - up.
ensures that the given path exists.
loads the class with the given name.
determines the height of this view.
checks if a list is under a clipped rectangle.
creates a new rules object.
writes a byte array to a file.
adds an item to the end of the list.
check if there are any custom custom messages in the queue.
determine the number of consecutive digit characters in the given string.
parses and adds a new node.
calculates the height of the scramble image.
test of writevalueasstring method, of class java. util. enum_scalars_
close callbacks except listeners.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified element in the array, starting from the specified
populate profiles combo box.
check the file header.
returns the absolute value of this vector.
maps an alg name to an oid.
constructs a generator for the given string arguments.
refills the input buffer.
called when a mouse button is pressed or released.
adds a module to the module list.
checks if there are any tables in the database.
classifies the given list of features.
binds a header view holder.
update the line list.
draws a rectangle of half width and half height.
refreshes the loading views size.
replaces the split element at the given index with the given split element.
start the item list.
returns the number of initial splits for the given number of records.
called when a mouse button has been clicked.
scans the given source directory for files that contain the given source includes and source excludes.
returns true if there are no postponed routes.
returns true if there is a single element.
creates a new igfspath for the given uri.
returns the minimum value of an element's attribute as an integer.
fully reads the contents of the given reader into a string.
adds all event property getters for the given type.
marks the entry as used.
returns the success message.
handle state left.
registers an implementing class for the given algorithm uri.
instantiates a new keyvalue persistence settings object.
returns true if the input contains a word breaking character.
check the interior intersections of segments.
removes the first occurrence of the specified element from this list.
returns a new unaryoperator that is composed of the two given unaryoperators.
adds the cdc column specs to the given arraylist.
convert a string to a java field name.
generates a cryptographically secure key.
throws an exception if the expression is not true.
executes the given sql statements.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
refreshes the done button.
creates the migration task editor.
expands the buffer at the specified index.
converts an ip address to an integer.
closes the given cursor.
returns true if there is at least one occurrence of the given pattern.
pushes an integer onto the stack.
create an xml node with the given name, attributes and content.
adds an item at the specified position.
notify the client that a mqtt failure has occurred.
transforms a source stream to a stylesheet.
splits the input string using the default delimiter and escape character.
reads the next line from the stream and submits it to the executor service.
deletes the given obligation.
clips the view on the right side of the view.
creates a compound package content.
checks the coverage of the subspace.
finds all the values in the given string.
returns the index of the given element in the given array.
appends the given value to the list of values.
tests this certificate for equality with the specified object.
appending the between clause.
encodes a string into a byte array.
computes the number of occurrences of the values in the gts.
computes the weights of all children of the given node.
creates a new index searcher.
adds a field to the query.
combines two completion stages using the given function.
builds the create schema statement.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
creates a new instance of streaminfomanager.
returns the sentence as a conjunction.
returns true if the type is pronoun.
output the sql type for a java short.
tokenizes a string using the given separator.
writes the modified favorites to the data stream.
updates the rolling average.
validates the payment product and returns the error message ids.
creates a new instance of keystorestate.
creates a new result object.
called when the state of the slider has changed.
parses a delimited list.
initializes the grid layout.
returns true if the frame is running.
creates a new mosaic definition.
creates a result from the given node, clauses and rel.
trust all https certificates.
returns true if the given ui component is in the need of form.
adds the internal listeners.
safe version of math. sqrt ( x ).
runs a set of callables using the given thread factory.
appends the specified character to the end of the buffer.
initialize the owner references for a field.
builds the union sub query.
creates a new node with the given coordinate.
increments the counter by the given accuracy.
reverts a list of files to the given root.
concats the given float arrays into one.
creates a new taggedvalueiterator.
ascends the root of the tree.
returns true if this stream can be read.
writes the contents of the given byte array to the buffer.
called when an item has been dismissed.
pdf of a normal distribution.
sorts the specified array using the specified comparer.
add a zoom listener.
clears all registers for a given start and end instruction.
fire notification that an annotation has been selected.
verify the server evidence message.
this method is called by the rtfwriter when a text is encountered.
remove a service from the list of registered services.
parses the given attribute and returns a reference to it.
creates a new escaped writer.
returns true if the cookie expires at the given date.
adds a record to the album.
returns true if the given method is the correct method.
remainder of division of two numbers of different signs.
clears all properties from this builder.
returns the r - distance between the two vectors.
check the backup info file.
converts a string to lower case.
create a negative number from a sign and an array of bytes.
builds an opus comment from a string.
asserts that the given properties are valid.
returns the number of elements in this list.
converts a string to upper case.
returns an iterator over the required edges.
unlocks the given lock state.
formats the given text into a java doc box.
force number string to two digits.
adds a new drop item.
find entities by primary keys.
load workflow data from xml.
returns the hash code for this certificate.
removes the given tag from the list of tags.
verify the secp256k1 secp256k1 algorithm.
deletes the given directory.
assert that two iterators are in the same order.
format a rollout group's finished percentage.
generates a host name for the given vm name and host id.
transfer from a file.
unwraps the given expression.
returns true if the pie segment list contains the given dataset size.
returns the next event time diff.
creates the lines for the given text.
returns the square root of the argument.
computes the number of transitions between two result points.
convert a long value to a bit string.
encodes an array of bytes into a base64 encoded byte array.
creates a new message tokenizer.
waits for the lock to be acquired for the given id.
loads the translations from the cache if it is empty.
creates a new navmousemode.
adds a new event to the simulation.
stops the timer with the given name.
returns a string representation of the summary.
creates a temporary directory for the given path.
add a horizontal span to the plot.
selects all items in the list that are connected to the whole connection.
creates a new key builder with the specified capacity, locale, strength and mode.
returns a list of possible parents for the given node x and list of nodes.
configures the properties from the given properties file.
opens a new connection to the database.
adds relations to a task.
this method is used to flood the openflow domain for a given pinswitch.
sleeps the given number of milliseconds.
verifies that the write set is not found in the given tree.
calculates the entropy of the given masses.
returns true if the given string is a valid nmtoken.
parses a double value.
appends a string to the buffer.
adds a rtcp event listener.
ensures that the number of columns is at least the given size.
called when an error occurs.
connects to a file descriptor.
returns true if the given node is a whitespace node.
creates a new instance of this class.
this method is used to open the label file.
removes a spring from the list of active springs.
returns the file name for this logger.
parses the given n - triples string and creates a valuefactory for it.
resets the pilot rolls.
sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order.
closes the opened popup.
frees an object from the cache.
helper method to stretch a view vertically.
converts a string representation of an inetaddress string to an inetaddress object.
track the failure time.
reads a double from the stream.
returns true if the given adjustable bar is at the maximum.
returns true if seq starts with pos, false otherwise.
parses and adds a map tile set.
computes a date from a double value.
enable or disable the pan on the device.
computes the distance between two points.
creates a new url object.
creates the workflow. method for creating volumes.
creates a new file command info object.
initialize the guiwidget with the given manual.
trusts all hosts in the given url connection.
returns the sample max.
returns a representation of the user code.
tests the construction of a mission.
compares this zoneoffsettransition with another.
this method is called by the framework when it is no longer needed.
closes the output writer.
resolves a list of paths to a map.
java. security. exemptionmanager # getinstance ( string, string, string, string, string
reloads the configuration.
removes the given messageprocessor from the list of processors.
constructs a new issuerserial object from the given x509certificate.
adds the edge matcher descriptor to the given set.
put a byte array into the buffer.
converts an array of objects to a delimited string.
removes all of the mappings from this map.
parses an attribute string into a compierecolor.
creates a new state.
checks the capacity of the given memory for a preamble.
reads a single byte from the input stream.
limits the clip to the maximum of the specified rectangles.
shuts down the pool.
converts a collection of addresses to a collection of inet addresses.
removes new line characters from a string.
calculates the total number of feeds and categories.
appends the given character to the given string builder.
migrates the columns from the current table to the resource type.
retrieves the number of rows in a table.
creates a new jar modifier.
adds an attribute to the table.
associate the specified value with the specified key.
sorts an array in ascending lexicographic order.
returns true if this is a server transaction.
adds a marked occurrence highlight.
fully read a portion of an array of bytes.
assume that the given assumption is true, throwing an exception if it is not.
adds a new item to the shopping cart.
adds a frequent item set.
skips the given length from the peek buffer.
creates a workflow method to remove volumes from a vplex cg.
show a prompt for a list of urls.
convert a mouse event to a corner index.
computes a regular expression string from the given old and new names.
generates a call identifier for the given address.
parses an hour from a string.
handle a history key event.
substitutes the given array of referencebindings with the given substitution.
returns a collection of all known transports.
returns the seconds until lockout value.
gets the names of the hive databases.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
hacky hacky adjuster for doubles.
decodes a string into an object.
copies the properties from the searchdocument to the new document.
constructs a new svd matrix with the given matrix.
unlocks the lock for this member.
creates a new instance of unicastref.
returns the index of the last occurrence of the specified element in the specified sorted array.
writes the wave file to the file.
computes the division of two numbers.
max ( biginteger val ).
waits for the thread to finish.
move a mouse event to the ogp.
writes floats from the specified float array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position
returns true if ip is contained in cidrprefix, cidrmaskbits, cidrprefix, cidrprefix
locks a service by name.
checks if the known cookie is set.
selects the import files.
creates a new instance.
read a byte array from an input stream.
parses a sql statement.
stores a long value into the buffer at the given offset.
called when an action result is received.
generates a salt for use in bcrypt.
checks if the given key is equal to the current key.
convert a number to a string.
runs the init script if it is required.
parses an integer value from a string.
prints an object to standard output and then terminates the line.
throws an exception if the array is not finite.
initialize the keyboard buttons.
returns true if windowno is auto - new.
finds the relative path of a file or directory.
resets the singleton.
andnot for two negative numbers ; the first is longer.
generates a random string of the given length.
instantiates a new exchange rate manager.
removes the attribute with the given name from this field.
evicts the specified key from the cache.
returns true if the given exception is a valid contraint error.
creates a configuration error with the specified message and exception.
adds the fill components to the panel.
inserts the context prefixes in the current context context.
adds put time in nanoseconds.
precomputes the hashes of a byte array.
returns the elevation at the given location.
creates a new observedobject with the given name.
deletes all children of the given container.
save the initial child state for the given component.
returns true if this item overlaps with any other item.
ensures that the given value is not null.
reads an arraylist from an inputstream.
pads the given string to the right with the given minimum length.
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names.
called when the send task has completed.
adds the dialog to the preferences panel.
clears the list of unused keys.
creates all fields in the table.
creates a shortinterleavedraster with the given samplemodel and databuffer.
copy the data file to the carbon store.
returns true iffling is backward.
convert a string to a double.
adds the specified listener to the list of listeners.
returns true if the feature set is stable.
calculates the size of the demo text.
initialize the values and verify the validation.
returns a string representation of this buffer.
write an image to the link raster.
called when the slider's state has changed.
writes the given content to the given file.
returns true if the given url is a file.
updates the current status of the relay.
convert a string representation of an oid to an int array.
returns a set of servers that belong to the given site.
creates a dialog with the given parent.
returns true if the styledlayerdescriptor contains in line features.
decodes the contents of the given input stream into a byte array.
run the finalization.
display all string defined in xml.
checks if the http servlet request has the max content length.
adds a foreign key constraint.
called when a new voice recognition dialog is created.
pushes a notification to the gateway.
appends a key / value pair to a json stringbuilder.
update the configuration from a resource.
deselects the item at the given index.
returns true if the given node is a leaf.
adds a listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when the service is discovered.
checks if the specified object is equal to this object.
parses a vector from the given string.
calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the specified output stream.
creates a new session wrapper.
post a batch request with a single request.
returns the directory where the program is located.
clears the route sensors.
returns the current keystoretype for the given string.
returns the next mapper at the given level.
converts a character to a digit.
returns a json representation of this pod.
load a key store from a file.
removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list.
returns true if precaching is enabled.
AND another bitset with this bitset.
tests this entry for equality with an arbitrary object.
returns true if the lockdown profile is valid.
returns true if the given filename contains the given extensions, false otherwise.
creates a new from clause.
decode an ansi x12 segment.
creates a new kdbdatabase from an input stream.
decodes a add operation.
sorts the receiver in ascending numerical order.
rebuilds the panel.
processes a byte array.
returns the absolute path of the file.
move to the next page.
returns null input stream.
returns an unmodifiable list containing all the types in this list.
adds a batch of rules to be deleted.
returns true if the given element has been visited.
instantiates a new aws iotconnection.
creates a future that will be completed with the given throwable.
initializes the forecast errors.
checks if the mouse event has the same modifiers as the current mouse event.
emits the list of retained variables.
constructs a new uri from the given parameters.
returns the best structured translation for the given hypergraph at the given top n.
reads a single character from the current position.
check if full copy is supported.
returns a list of all the service descriptors.
removes code value sentences from a string.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_even, result is negative ; distance = 1.
quantile function of the distribution.
validates the certificate, signed data and signature.
returns the number of elements in the sequence.
tests adding a servlet run as role.
subtract two negative numbers of the same length.
constructs a multiterm query with the specified field.
prints the given message to the console.
accumulates the sum of all fields of the given entity.
tests whether invalid xml is correctly parsed.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns true if the two members are an accessor pair.
create a dateformat from a string.
write a linked kml to a file.
returns the destination file path.
refreshes the list of users from the server.
creates a new instance of bootpanel.
returns a list of default headers.
clears the parsys component.
send a request to the server.
registers a new client.
parses a bom file.
parses the given date value using the given date formats.
removes the element with the specified name from this json object.
finds all loops that match the given predicate.
generate test files for hive test.
renames the given editor panel.
returns true if the column fits as a single line.
called before the exception is thrown.
convert a spherical vector to a world vector.
replaces all occurrences of the specified character sequence with the specified replacement string.
encodes the given url string.
draws the given rendered image.
skips to the end of the line.
returns the ind test subset.
announces seeds from the specified file.
formats a number of milliseconds to a string.
adds a property change listener.
creates a new folder with the given name.
adds a typed array.
adds a sub - action to the queue.
fills the entry tree with entries from the given row.
returns true if the given collection contains at least one of the given ids.
asserts that the specified duration is within the specified range.
log a diff message.
creates a new lyrics3image object.
creates a new resource with the given mimetype.
creates a new instance of parameters.
convert mel freq to lin freq.
creates a new roundedicongenerator.
returns a random byte array of the given size.
returns a string representation of this object.
writes a portion of an array of bytes.
returns true if the dflt has expired.
associates the specified boolean value with the specified key in this json object.
writes an attribute to the stream.
handles the selection of an item.
returns true if the given assetwk can be invoked.
write the cache header to the output stream.
returns a copy of the buffer as a byte array.
fades out all layers.
returns a list of modified first fit descending values.
adds a text change listener.
returns an iterator over the profiles.
returns true if the given string starts with a space.
wrap the given path with the uri prefix.
convert a key to a level.
called when a mouse is dragged.
initialize the caching http headers filter.
adds the given component to the list of common components.
waits for fulfillment to complete.
loads the general subtrees from the table.
reads a single character from the buffer.
returns true if ping is disabled.
writes a string to a file.
make a tree of writables.
calculates the angle between two points.
creates a new cursor with the given column names.
returns true if the slider is enabled.
renders the foreground of the operator.
creates a new modbusserialtransaction.
starts the running thread.
export an object to the stub.
creates the dbffdc directory if it does not already exist.
read a character sized string from the given input stream.
processes the children of the query tree.
initialize the message list.
creates a new persisted queue.
writes the given objects to the given stringbuilder.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied event
creates a new request to post an open graph action.
shows the loading state.
this method is used to convert the objectinput object into an external form.
computes the median value of a vector.
creates a new sdpexception with the specified root cause.
link the first node to the queue.
notify property change listener.
indicates whether the given template is a read operation or not.
creates a new jslider with the specified minimum and maximum values.
applies the given attributes to the given symbol.
increments the idle count for the given status.
constructs a remoteservicedescriptor from the given base url.
read a journal from a parcel file descriptor.
starts the server and wait for it to finish.
returns true if the request is complete.
encodes the given string into a byte matrix.
writes ints from the specified int array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position
adds a header to the request.
overrides the super method to update the ui.
generate the extension manager.
submits a task to the pool.
validates the bucket name.
validates the user namespace authorization create request.
formats the given object to a string.
calculates the cumulative probability of a derived distribution.
returns true if the consistency group can be deleted.
closes the given closeable without throwing an exception.
returns the next message from the queue, or throws an exception if the queue is closed.
removes a range of elements from the receiver.
refills the input buffer.
stop the bk server.
adds an or clause to the list of criteria.
releases the selections for the given set of entities.
creates a new instance of hublinkmapping.
delete a load name.
validates the compute name.
constructs a string from an array tag.
removes the argument at the given index from the given list and returns the insertion index.
replaces a policy in the resource tree.
creates a new atomicdoublearray with the given length.
copy a file to another file.
recomputes the seperation for the given means.
creates a square image from a bufferedimage.
handle a lost entry.
writes the start tag of an element.
adds a process interaction listener.
replaces the first occurrence of the search string with the replace string.
stores the specified byte at the specified position in this map.
creates a new instance of commonvoteroperationconfig.
generates a salt for use in bcrypt.
draws the description of the view port.
parses the bytes from the free space into a long value.
find the interlanguage link for the given language.
updates the actions for the address space.
constructs a parallel flux from a publisher.
cleans a directory and all its contents.
add a new gumball to the gameview.
adds a segment to the recycle bin.
deletefunctionalitytest # testdelete6 ( ). deletes rows from the database.
adds a channel to the channel list.
change the size of this float to p_new_size.
inserts the given row into the given source buffer.
adds the default uri to the list.
transfer the contents of the given sequence to the underlying reader.
computes the distance between two points.
returns a copy of this biginteger.
runs the test case.
returns the patch fix ids.
this method is used to convert the byte array to an appropriate representation.
checks if is jellybean or later.
constructs a partial correlation pdf.
checks if is enabled.
validates the output file and key files.
adds a response code listener.
calculates the log likelihood of each statistic in the dataset.
returns true if the automaton has dead states from the initial state.
subtracts the specified decimal from this decimal.
returns true if this edge is equal to the specified edge.
skips the specified line.
list all volumes in the docker container.
converts the given base64 encoded key to a bytebuffer.
step the progress bar. if the current time is less than or equal to the current time,
loads the raw characters from the input stream.
creates a signature faking oracle from a document string.
creates a new arbitrary length path node.
add a listener to be notified when wheel changes.
scans a yaml directive number.
convert an array of integers to a bit string.
convert the samples from a buffer to a signed16bitsamples.
checks if the given token is valid.
writes an attribute to the stream.
expands all paths in the tree.
describe the vocabularies of the predicate partition counts.
invokeany ( null ) throws nullpointerexception.
instantiates a new signalgroupsubtableaction.
generate a list of x - values.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
adds a service entry to the service map.
creates a new decoder that decodes the given uri using the default charset.
convert an rgb color to a cmyk color.
shows an error message.
parses a name - value pair.
strips all characters in a string in a bag.
returns the cosine of the given radians.
called when the fragment is destroyed.
removes a vetoable change listener from the bean context.
returns true if the given file exists, false otherwise.
creates a new windowsfileattributes object from the given address.
write a map to an xmlserializer.
fire a programmatically event to the rippler pane.
returns true if the query has a full entry.
returns true if the given resource is a module.
write an annotation to the stream.
converts an inet4 address to an unsigned long.
returns true if the revision contains the given template name.
retrieves all account info requests for the given date.
returns a new stringlist containing all of the elements of this stringlist plus the elements of the
walk the parse tree.
reads a single character from the input stream.
returns the number of times the specified date compare to the specified field.
splits a word into a list of splits.
returns true if the url starts with a book search.
returns the path to the class file.
removes the title prefix.
send a reply to a set of recipients.
returns true if the service is relevant for the given attributes.
returns true if both objects are null.
find car by road number.
converts a class name to a slashed class name.
p ( y, r ) - p ( y, r ).
creates a new location with the given name.
closes the connection.
remove oma download from pending oma downloads.
checks if is android sdk dir in local properties file.
returns true if the given bundle contains token information.
resets the policy settings.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied event
returns a new vector2 with the given power.
invokes a static method on a class.
undump a chunk.
adds a button to the image.
maps a request matcher to a list of responses.
commits the assignment to the input.
splits a string into an array of strings with the given separator.
inserts an instruction into the gcir.
returns a new instance of the object.
constructs a new format specifier parser.
convert an iterator to a string builder.
returns true if the notification is full.
schedules a playlist save.
checks if is to read.
this method is called when an action occurs.
returns a string representation of the vector.
returns the integer value of the given integer.
log a message with printf formatting.
save the indexes to the file.
calculates the accuracy of a match using a pattern.
move the current position to the given delta y.
puts all of the mappings in the specified map into this map.
inserts a string into the undoable edit.
returns a string representation of this object.
writes the data to the stream.
copies the contents of the given reader to the given writer and closes the output writer.
check bookies up.
transforms the given source coordinates to the given destination coordinates.
test whether the given closure should fail with the given class.
write a packet to the socket.
process a yesno element.
load a list of keynames from the rma database.
searches for wos with the given criteria.
constructs a new instance.
creates a new resource queue with the given lock service and resource.
encode and sign the subject using the public key.
schedules a periodic task.
abbreviates the given string with the given width.
stop the wraparound test.
checks that the given row index is valid.
nukes all symbols in the list.
determine the strength of a blitz.
creates a new name for the given identifier.
parses a date string into a localdatetime.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns true if the specified character is a white space character.
removes the given filter from the list of filters.
removes the classifiers at the given indices.
adds a property change listener.
returns the number of checkpoints.
adds an element to the list.
adds a list of urls to the list of urls.
adds a set of virtual arrays to the set of virtual arrays assigned.
returns true if the cell is editable.
drops the current block in the trash.
concatenates the given array of values into a single list.
constructs an iterator over the graph decorated with the given pattern.
validate custom catalog title and value.
creates a new instance of functionexecutionpooledexecutor.
returns true if the body is a ssdp body.
adds a child at the specified index.
restores the sorting selection.
returns a copy of this buffer as a byte array.
cleans up after the test.
consumes events from the queue until the condition returns true, or timeoutinmillis is satisfied
updates the ui from a command object.
compareto ( biginteger val ).
returns a random number from the distribution.
computes the percent of the overscroll offset.
constructs a new vector with the specified capacity.
process the invite request.
gets a ignite logger for the given object.
read the receive delay field.
writes indent times to the output stream.
returns a hash code value for this object.
parses a string into an integer.
returns true if the current node is an invalid method declaration.
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack.
called when the user clicks on a motion event.
remove a batch clusterer listener.
refresh the locks grant.
removes the given object from the list of known objects.
wraps the given byte array into a heapbytesstore.
parses the given jsonvalue into a string.
valueof ( long val ) : convert a negative long value to a biginteger.
inserts the specified element before the specified position into this list.
grows the entries in the grid.
constructs a sided plane from two vectors.
returns true if the inputstream is a gzipped stream.
inserts a new op into the buffer at the given position.
clears the list of listeners.
registers a decayable object.
asserts that the output contains the expected string.
removes the specified class from the list of packages.
whencomplete ( ) method testing.
override paintcomponent in order to do the actual painting.
destroys a class loader.
deletes an attachment point.
returns the total number of recovered files.
process a game item.
deletes an assignment from the index.
formats the given object using the given stringbuffer.
compare and set wait status.
creates a threaddump object.
check if the audio stream is running and if so start it.
returns true if the input matches the filter.
unlinks the first element from the list.
initializes the document builder factory.
returns the standard deviation of the intercept std error.
creates the missing values for this object.
normalises the given path by removing leading and trailing whitespace.
start the notifier thread.
expands the hidden directory.
tries to queue the current buffer.
updates the current value with the given value.
returns true if there are more data to read.
appends the parameter signature to the given string builder.
completes a hb heartbeat.
decrypt an array of bytes.
loads the private key from the file.
removes the given listener from the list of listeners.
returns true if the critical extension is unsupported.
checks if the given string is not in the given array.
clones the given node and imports it.
destroys the secp256k1 context.
initialize the authn login cleanup thread.
builds a list of urls from a shard string.
returns an input stream reader for the given charset.
convert a renderedimage to a zlib byte array.
adds a vertex to the graph.
configure local services for traffic controller.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified character sequence in the specified character sequence.
appends a string to the end of the string.
push an expression onto the stack.
returns a string representation of this object.
creates a new meta data column descriptor.
filter the years from the current year.
creates a new dataproviderevent with the given reason and types.
validates the given bean.
inserts a command after a bracket.
attempt to choose a formatting pattern.
fills up the picks.
creates a copy of the field.
create a zero number from an array of zero bytes.
cast a value to a type.
force delete on exit.
initializes the step with the given meta and data.
prints an annotation to the editor.
adds a point to the list.
loads the configuration from the given reader.
adds an item to the end of the list.
adds an annotation to the xml element.
reads a boolean value from the target stream.
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names.
returns the logarithm of the gamma function.
sets the start time of the ticker.
returns a ciphersuite value for the two specified cipher suites.
creates a pending action context.
shows the droidsafe text markers for the given class.
resolves a new expression.
returns the largest size in the given list up to three.
verify a log record with the given mac position.
copies the contents of the given transferable to the clipboard.
formats a download percentage to a string.
updates the enabled and disabled state of the actions.
creates an immutable collection from the given collection.
tracks the base and orthographic images for the given hex.
parses the given string into a date.
returns true if the node has been processed in the given direction.
power on self test.
fetches the triangle to visit.
generates crls from the given input stream.
deletes the entity configuration for the realm.
returns the singleton instance of the datasourceviewsmanager.
returns a tag for the toast bootstrap.
loads the xml definition from the cache.
gets the id from the request path.
uncompresses the compressed data.
poll the socket statistics from the file loader.
closes the input stream.
compares the remaining bytes of this buffer to the other buffer's remaining bytes.
creates a new csv file for the matsim4opus dataset.
adds a new value to the aggregation.
extracts the policy notification from an xml string.
flushes this journal entry.
find parcel object from byte array.
decodes a field name from a xml string.
checks if is login set.
adds a content item to the list of content items.
canonicalizes a class name.
pauses the current thread for the given number of milliseconds.
returns true if the highlight is marked with an invisible edge.
prepares the job for cancelling.
removes a wheel change listener.
generates the fields for the class.
returns true if the dialog is flying.
initializes the socket factory.
removes the given regular expression from the given source.
consumes a nested scroll.
retrieves the waypoints from the database.
cancels the image loader and cancels pending requests.
returns the number of elements in this queue.
adds a new count to the end of the list.
closes the dialog.
create a file attachment for a channel file.
adds a parameter to this node.
creates a new deleteevent.
check if full copy is restorable.
read a qd string.
returns true if the buffer is too large.
resets the index buffer time.
creates a response object for the distribution manager.
checks if the given file name is a valid external storage.
returns the plural form of the given noun.
verifies that the specified xml element has the specified certificate alias.
adds a video to the list.
returns true if the given coordinate is in the target target zone.
reads the transport systems from the given reader.
returns true if the nal has a prefix.
unshares the main hash.
adds an item in a multifield.
returns the number of names.
generate a random set of points.
parses the parameters from a string.
adds a new http session token to the given site.
deserializes a gradle distribution from a string.
convert meters to pixels.
send bytes to the local data socket.
push a context onto the stack.
displays the bookmarks or history picker.
instantiates a new fst file.
normalizes the z - score of an array.
adds a location to the list of locations.
creates a new javaformatter.
encodes the given string using the given charset.
check if a path needs to be read.
returns true if the input column name is allowed.
converts a hex string to an rgb value.
adds a property change listener.
tests whether empty or null blobs are inserted into the database.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
subtract zero from zero.
restores the locations from the given file.
waits for the data to be read.
blackman harris 4s min.
calculates the md5 digest for the given key.
returns a hash code value for the lower nick.
increments the number of received packets.
parses the given text into a sentence.
sets the directory where the kafka cluster is located.
called when the consumer has finished processing a purchase.
checks prosodic position of rule part.
parses a bigdecimal string into a bigdecimal object.
registers the given operators in the given xml file.
perform permissions work before android m.
deletes all sub - group containers.
creates a new glowtask.
initialize the compiler with the given arguments.
returns true if the device is open.
send the next byte.
encodes a serializable object into a base64 string.
creates an image for the given context.
adds the specified profiles to the list of profiles.
returns true if the given string is a valid java identifier name.
returns true if x1 is less than x2.
move a single node.
create a list from two objects.
adds a macro record.
adds an email to the end of the list of emails.
returns the best hash provider.
reads the specified number of bytes from the input stream.
returns true if x is the sum of an array of integers.
loads the entries from the file.
removes a transaction from the adapter at the specified position.
encodes a list of types into a map.
clears the assertion information.
builds the operation list.
generate a branch plan for the given table.
add a port to the maintenance queue.
returns the start stack number.
returns true if this mime type matches the given mime type.
returns true if this group is armed.
sets the minimum and maximum values to be valid.
checks if java script is enabled.
returns true if the specified object is equal to this object.
returns the name of the object.
calculates the checksum of the given string.
returns true if the given file is a valid skin spec file.
inserts the string representation of the object into this builder.
handle a mousemoved event.
load the unpacked umd file.
disables vma for the given storage system.
constructs a latlon representing the end of a rhumb path.
returns the index within the specified array of the first occurrence of the specified element in the specified array
returns the maximum size of this layout for the given target container.
reads the contents of an inputstream into a string.
increments the counter by the given number.
log the expiration of an entry.
removes a ripple from the list of ripples.
writes a string to the given bytebuffer.
consume records by topic.
tests this size for equality with the specified object.
compares two version strings.
returns true if the given vector is a valid vector.
returns true if the element is an obsessional element.
change the loco speed of a throttle.
removes the specified object from this list.
notify all class observers of the given class descriptor.
generates a dup2 instruction.
check if mime type is app xml.
creates a native page for the given url.
throws a parseexception if the locator is not null.
creates a new customeditor.
constructs a memoidone with the given function and equality.
create an ep from a single value type.
converts a field type to a class.
adds an xml element to the end of the list.
find the parents of the content in the context.
creates a dictionary from affix file.
collapses all buildings in the given building.
this method performs an asynchronous thrift call to detach an iso from a vm.
reads an nfc error message from the given bytebuffer.
shows the pie menu.
persists the profile and notify the change.
adds an undoable action to the undo stack.
creates a new array list.
adds the given sample to the last ping times array.
encodes the body of the request.
tear down the datasets and sds.
returns a substring of the given subject, starting from the given start position and stopping at the given
removes a custom sash form listener.
writes a string to a file.
deletes the session variables with the given names.
returns a string representation of this date.
closes the queue and closes the thread.
parse a string as an integer.
write all columns in the result set.
and for a positive and a negative numbers ; the first is negative.
verifies that the given device is the same as the given device.
adds a new window to the zone.
returns a hashmap containing the intersections of the given iterators.
returns true if ttf is set.
registers the providers for the dev machine.
constructs a new, empty map with the specified initial capacity and the specified load factor.
creates a new instance of this class.
populates a blob with the given test id and base content.
converts a double value to a long value using the bit - anti - cyclic encoding.
add a near key to the list of near keys.
analyzes the fields of a class.
returns true if the log level is enabled, false otherwise.
load all items from the debugger.
runs the test case.
returns true if this node is critical.
finds the edit table name from the given table name.
writes the default operations car file.
returns true if there are new followers.
called when the track point element starts.
fire a property change event.
checks the given string for validity.
sorts the given array of fields according to the given comparator.
draws the background of the view.
adds a unique attribute to the attribute map.
validates a vm response object, raising an exception if the response reflects an operation failure.
runs the test case.
limit the maximum scale and x translation of the given matrix.
returns the value factory.
creates a new statefulrefreshtoken object.
adds a style selector to the style selector.
extracts the client name from the client id and host name.
creates a fastfuture from a completablefuture.
returns true if the given action is a place action.
adds a view to the cache.
reads the contents of an input stream into a byte array.
play media.
convert a panbox string to a string using the standard character set.
encode cache flags.
adds a new data source to the end of the list.
adds the given value to the matrix, with the given weight.
builds the row for a check box.
formats the given text using the given dateformat and parses it.
returns true if the given string is a child group.
throws an exception if the given item index is out of bounds.
finds the next uncovered locus.
called when the global configuration has changed.
launch an intent to send an email to the given address.
returns the number of elements in this list.
adds the specified item at the specified position in the list.
adds a translator to the class pool.
writes a string to the output stream.
reads the next line from the scanner.
returns true if the text matches the given regular expression.
writes the table to a file.
adds a fixed view to the adapter.
adds a close hook.
invoked when a task is rejected.
updates the min and max bounds of the matrix.
checks if the given character sequence is a standard upcean.
reads the configuration from the given file.
apply a trading bonus to a player.
returns all the text at the given url.
creates a combined trace from a list of traces.
interrupts all known actor tasks.
registers the default device types.
remove dependency subsets from the dependency map.
draws the ticks on the canvas.
returns a bifunction that always inserts the elements in the list.
test for finding spring open ldap.
create a positive number from a string value and radix 8.
returns true if the specified character is in the specified encoding.
deletes all sub - orgs and sub - orgs from the given token.
removes the highlights from the text area.
enqueues the successors of the given block to the given priority queue.
adds a role to the list of roles.
creates a new dialog.
creates a new instance.
this method is called when a response is received from the client.
builds the index shard snapshots.
creates a forum post.
returns true if this group is armed.
creates an attribkey for an html attribute.
creates a sparse array with the given parameters.
returns the tuple with the maximum value for the given tuple set.
updates the enabled and disabled radio links.
returns a string representation of the two specified ids.
resets the hits and misses counters.
test conversion of other to string default.
removes the item at the specified index from the list.
shiftright ( int n ) a positive number.
show a dialog to edit a filter.
returns the number of pixels between two points.
returns true if the given form object allows a popup.
creates a localgitrepo from the current directory.
returns a new vector2 with the minimum x and y values.
adds a test method.
serializes the test package information.
verifies that the block mirror migration is valid.
creates a new instance of logformatter.
remove a text listener.
create an idp element for the tenant.
removes all data from the allocator.
apply the camera to the given gl object.
create a point table for a point.
adds the wwn to the list of volumes that are not already in the list of
creates a new temporary file.
partition by target type.
loads the contents of the file.
adds positive or negative text indicator depending on the amount.
resolves the name to a canonical file.
initializes the tool tip.
decodes an encoded string into an array of strings.
computes the current angle based on the current velocity and velocity.
returns the number of sigignore fields.
generates a random seed for the process.
renders a value expression as a string.
stops the sampling thread.
reverse the winding of a list of points.
creates a new dcsr dialog.
initializes the notification factory.
blocks until the waiters have completed, or until the specified time has elapsed since the last call
clamps the given value to the given range [ low, high ).
parses the volume's host directory.
formats a double value to a string.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this vector in proper sequence.
returns a string consisting of the given string of the given width, filled with the given fill
inserts all of the elements in the specified collection into this list, in the order they are
updates the given application state.
converts a string to a byte array.
converts a map of key - value pairs to a list of pairs.
checks if the given label is in the list of labels.
adds a message observer.
show the dialog with the given initial character.
convert a byte to a hex string.
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
r - norm of a vector.
called when a warning occurs.
returns true if the given sub name is one of the known sub names.
returns the text between the two specified diffs.
returns true if the id is stored.
returns the size of a directory as a biginteger.
returns true if the bit is a search light bit.
creates a new age file filter.
calculates the major tick count.
returns the next record in the stream.
stores the given value for the given sample attribute.
unset ordering of two digraph nodes.
convert a swf html file to a string.
writes the given class file to the given file.
creates a new connection with the given peer address.
converts an array of objects to a vector.
notify all registered version listeners.
accept a drop operation.
clears the orderbyclause and orderbyclause.
returns a string representation of this object.
gets the modified date of a file.
returns true if import pkcs8 is selected.
runs the control flow graph.
returns true if the engine is valid.
asserts that two floats are equal according to delta.
calculates the d - values of a matrix.
loads the properties from the given file.
replaces all occurrences of the given pattern with the given replacement.
list the jmdns for the given service name.
returns a new stream consisting of the elements of this stream and the elements in the specified stream
this method is used to convert the object into an appropriate representation.
creates a new instance with default number formatters.
constructs a new vector2 with the given direction.
returns the adjusted pow10 value.
removes all the columns from the table.
is last invoice costing method.
sets the port property to the specified value.
fetch the cluster name from the cluster name.
fetches the service cards from the server.
creates a new dpublickey dialog where the parent is a frame.
sample a list of conditional migration events from a parent colour to a child colour.
checks if the given object is an attribute.
decode ascii string from a byte array.
this method is called when the value of the node has changed its value.
removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list.
transfer a node after a cancelled wait.
creates an intent to send the given share text.
creates a new updater for the given field.
converts the given data to a map of objects.
[ < rn >, + / - < rm >, lsr # < rm >
builds a rowlimitspec from the given context.
returns the first common layer of p_other.
remove items from a drive.
saves the indexes to the file.
adds an item at the specified position.
executes the given command in async mode.
expands the given location if it exists and selects the selection if it exists.
moves the cursor to the next token.
save the provisioning validity and provisioning expiration time.
write the extension to the outputstream.
creates a cluster in the specified project.
returns the dereferencealiasespolicyvalue of the specified integer value.
runs the test case.
writes the string value to the output stream.
adds a record and offset.
calculates the sha - 256 hash of the header.
adds a property type to the owl object.
tests equality of two objects.
writes the actions of an instance to a string.
adds the given object to the list of threads that will be interrupted by this thread.
encodes a byte array into base 64 format and returns the encoded string.
reads a feed from the server.
rllong - read a 32 bit unsigned integer.
shiftright ( int n ) of a negative number.
resolves a class from a file.
builds the response url for the given tenant.
asserts that the label at the given path is equal to the given text.
interpolates the result list.
initialize the stream tokenizer.
throws an exception if an illegal message was received.
runs the worker thread.
reads bytes from the po module.
locks the lock file.
open a datagram connection to the specified port.
returns a string describing this object.
executes the given script.
disables the given feature.
removes a zwave event listener.
returns the python time in milliseconds.
adds the given items to the end of the list.
quotes a keyword if it is a java keyword.
creates a recipe from a cursor.
throws an exception if the given expression is not true.
adds drop table statements to the statement list.
returns true if the queue is locked.
gets the cguest time.
find or create a class from a string.
resets the notes to their initial state.
sets a tick to the given time and ticks address.
writes the specified character sequence to the specified file, using the specified encoding.
populates the nav drawer items.
runs the test case.
converts to primitive array.
record audit log for callhome.
calculates the mean of a range of floats.
constructs a ntp time string from a date.
selects a specific media type from the list of acceptable media types.
paints the border of the specified component.
ensures that the receiver has at least the specified number of elements, increasing the capacity if necessary
invalidates and unmaps the given buffers.
adds a directory to the classpath.
returns true if mineshafter is present.
tests this object for equality with an arbitrary object.
returns true if the given node has an element child.
removes the item at the specified index from the menu.
returns the number of css property names.
prints a string to this output stream and then terminates the line.
checks the given object for the given permissions.
display all string defined in xml.
creates an intent for a map activity.
generate the filter parameters.
writes the exif data to the specified output stream.
removes the attribute at the given index.
returns the slashed class name from the given field signature.
paints the preview of the image.
start camera preview.
clears the list of categories and values.
partition a list of chunks into a list of chunks.
updates the ui of the given window.
clears the list of results.
finds all the widgets in the given container that intersect the given bounds.
prints the given text as a symbol.
creates a new shoppingcartitem.
returns a string representation of the distribution.
update the border text.
adds the given classes to the given hash set.
resets the reference list.
decodes a mpi into a biginteger.
this method is called when the schema of the service has changed.
sorts the items in the specified vector using the specified keys.
parses the given string into a date object.
adds a message to the queue.
convert a query string to a dbid.
writes a short to the output stream.
prints a long followed by a newline.
creates a new thriftservicemetadata object.
creates a raster that is compatible with this raster.
create a response with an invalid entity.
check the start of a block.
loads the layers from the given url.
returns true if the given dnsmessage is suppressed by.
creates a properties object from a map.
selects the first node matching the query.
get an array of strings from a properties object.
compares two locale objects.
read the result set from the database.
adds the given entry to the given source list if the entry is not already present in the
compares this object with the specified object.
closes the given connection.
creates a new instance of this class.
doubles the capacity of this queue.
change the value of the openam property.
computes the full url for a link.
loads the manifest from the manifest file.
converts an array of referencebindings to an array of raw types.
adds a column at the given index.
read data from the input stream.
removes a display from the list of displays.
returns the next gaussian.
fire an event to all registered listeners.
update the port of the contact header.
creates a new httpclient instance with the specified user agent.
adds an entry to the cache.
visit a vertex in the street.
test that no solutions are in the same join order.
deletes a file or log.
removes the element at the specified position in the list.
adds a group member to the group.
creates a new logger with the given name and resource bundle name.
increments the value of a bin.
throws an exception if the expression is not true.
adds all of the specified fields to this document.
returns true if the given stringlist contains the given match, ignoring case.
computes the median of an array of doubles.
initialize all known plugins.
stop the current process.
sets the value of keepalive property.
creates a new request that uploads a video to a file.
read checked bytes from the given buffer.
creates a new multicast socket.
check the selected subset meta data.
validates that the given destination and payload are valid.
creates a new berinputstream with the specified initial size.
creates a new test member with the given type and port.
encodes the line suffix.
returns true if the font is a system font.
adds the given url to the list of to be loaded.
adds all of the fields to this document.
creates a new appraisegitreviewclient.
creates a new rootblockview.
creates a new soap request.
tests whether an inner enum is contained in the playing card.
returns a string representation of this uri.
java. net. ssl. certificate # verify ( java. net. ssl. certificate, java
checks if the given file is in the target directory.
skips any characters in the specified character sequence that are contained in the specified character sequence.
removes all of the elements in this list that are contained in the specified collection.
compare the tail of this node with the given node.
creates a phone field with the specified value.
loads a resource bundle from the resource bundle.
returns the uris of the remote pools associated with the remote copy settings.
convert the given string to html.
adds a new file lock to the list of locks.
computes the uf ( x, f ) of a vector.
reloads the model with a new value.
convert a move to uci.
creates an accelerated image for the given component.
prints the state of this class to the console.
writes a string to a writer.
ensures that the specified number of elements can hold the specified number of elements.
decrements the reference count.
converts an x500 principal to an x500name.
asserts that the describedresource is not null in the describecache.
checks if is flat.
builds the limited networks list.
evaluates an array of strings using a rpn operator.
adds a list of series to the end of the list.
prints an error message and exits the process.
compares two split emittedtermterms.
merge two aabb objects.
generates an auto - tag name from the current stack trace element.
flushes all pending sax events.
initialize the configuration view.
constructs a new extended type.
validates that a new addition is valid.
starts the consumer thread.
undoes the current undo state.
removes the given column from the table.
returns a string representation of this histogram.
peeks the next sample from the buffer.
scans the given blocks chunk holder and returns the scanned result.
returns a hash code value for this condition.
balances the segments of the acct schema.
creates an annotation drawer with the given model and renderer model.
returns true if there are no user partitions.
inserts a string into the input.
reads the next code point from the reader.
stores int value into byte array at given offset.
creates a new item with the specified symbol, label and font.
adds the given tag to the end of the document.
returns the number of bytes consumed by this stream.
adds the given outerjoin qualifier to this from clause.
encodes a string into an array of file objects.
removes and returns the first element in the queue, waiting up to the specified timeout, or null
adds a swipe listener.
returns the number of patterns.
write an unsigned integer to the outputstream.
add two negative numbers of the same length.
adds a header to the request.
stores the certificate in the keystore.
appends a pointer to the pointer hierarchy.
sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns the last element in the list.
sleeps for the given number of milliseconds.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified element in this list.
returns true if the given modifier is a package access.
writes the contents of this file to a file.
creates a new managedwindowdecorator.
write a portion of an array of bytes.
log a message with the given arguments.
processes the given list of device updates.
returns true if the remote can rebalance.
converts a file to a sld file.
inserts the given properties into the given template.
change the font of the given component.
draws the contours of the given image with the given color.
save an x. 509 certificate to a file.
clears the on central position changed listeners.
invokes a static method on a class.
returns true if the current line is below the current line.
called when a patch service result is received.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns true if the packet is a stanza.
executes the given action.
checks if the bean version needs to be updated.
clears all beans in the view map.
load logical tables with granularities.
reads a block of data from the input stream.
add a new subscription to the list of subscriptions.
creates a new instance of x509certpathimpl.
creates a new process from a xml string.
creates a new consul topology fraction.
builds a regex for the given qualifier value.
shortens the name to the desired length.
blends two colors with the given weight.
gets the kstkeip value of the kstkeip.
decides the ui class to use.
converts an image to a bufferedimage.
reads an array from the input stream.
returns a list of all available terminals of the given type.
removes a sensor selection listener.
writes a character to the output stream.
test the dex class loader.
registers a cache cache ttlmanager.
converts an hour, minute, and second integer values into a java. sql. time object.
initialize the key store.
convert image data to platform image bytes.
cleans the folder stacking markers.
discards the given service registrar.
returns true if the given state is a final state.
generate the scale markers for a given protein length.
writes the fig tree block with the given settings.
returns a hash code value for this font.
tests this map for equality with an arbitrary object.
start a dtd declaration.
writes the exif data to the specified jpeg file.
cleans up the database.
creates a new templatemodelexception with the given method name, argidx, and details.
compress a string to a byte array.
load the map for the given extension and mime type.
the start of a dtd.
convert the timestamp to a valid timestamp format.
encodes a byte array into a base 64 string.
prints a double followed by a newline.
returns a string representation of the ip address.
check if zk host contains chroot.
performs the given operation on the given database.
returns the hash code for this uri.
creates a new instance of placeholderfragment.
imports a trl table into a directory.
creates a new resultfilereader.
this method is called when an action failure occurs.
returns true if the given identifier should be excluded.
checks if the given exception is a communication error.
returns true if this connection is reliable.
push an output type onto the output stack.
returns the max value for a short.
support for reporting bound property changes for bean context children.
encodes the given string.
creates database entities for storage policy testing.
creates a page from a pdfobject.
adds an element to a map.
saves the boot prop to a file.
appends the given file to the given writer.
write a timestamp to the output stream.
calculates the difference between two soundex strings.
parses the given text and returns a morpha string.
deletes the given file.
returns a path for a check mark.
initialize the cache.
creates a new instance of tcpeventlistener.
cut the selected bean.
adds a remover to the track.
this method is called when an action occurs.
adds an entry to the list.
ensures that the children array has the same size as the children array.
constructs a uuid with the given parameters.
returns a prettyprint of the given number with spaces.
renders the handler for the given component.
constructs a string representation of the tsdb scope.
registers a new selector.
multiply two negative numbers of the same length.
parses the followers from the given stream and stores them in the cache.
executes a raw sql query and returns a list of rows.
returns the current time in nanoseconds.
clone ( ) method testing.
send a request to the remote store.
returns true if the string is empty.
enable the dependency of the given capability.
extracts robot debug variables from a stack trace.
adds an integer attribute to the document.
map a full width letter to half width.
asserts that two collections are equal in no order.
returns true if the request method has a response body.
returns the number of in - process pending requests.
adds the given value to the set of cells.
returns true if the action should be executed.
moves the given text to the given position in the given text.
handle a distribution message.
removes volumes from a zone export mask.
shuts down the writer and alignment writers.
paints the icon of the given component.
zooms the image to a position.
returns a list of shards to channels.
returns true if the given file is hidden.
returns true if the scrollview can scroll vertically.
loads the manifest from the jar.
invalidates the title sortable list.
adds a row to the table.
creates a jar from the given content.
go to the specified day.
returns true iff the specified element is present in this set.
closes the jdbc connection.
adds information about a message item.
adds a colormaplistener to this colormap.
computes the pdist of all nodes in the given relation.
appends the given suffix to the given string if it is missing.
request all file systems.
creates a new external problem with the given process.
check if network monitor exists.
adds a list of query predicates to this query.
add a new roll to the end of the list.
checks the canonical user options.
closes the given closeable without throwing an exception.
pushes an encrypted message onto the queue.
returns a random integer between min and max.
close ( ) method testing.
push a draw list onto the draw list queue.
populate task list from source map.
returns the tuple with the largest element greater than or equal to the given field.
returns the tip text for this property.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
fling the scrollable.
adds a navigator listener.
closes the current stream.
returns the patience of the distribution.
create a seriesnamelist from an array of data.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
log a message with log level fatal.
expands a string at the given index in the given string.
returns true if both strings are null.
this method is called from the main thread.
returns true if all directors in the given set have been used in the port allocation context.
stops the connection and closes the server socket.
expands the given system id to the given base system id.
free a message from the cache.
compares this builder with another builder, ignoring case.
convert a uuid to a long.
adds a vm argument.
apply the given field to the given visitor.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
tests whether a screenshot is valid.
unlinks target volumes from a snapshot session.
reverses a list of directededges.
change a part of an expression to a reference.
reads a line of text from the input stream.
add items to scene.
returns the url of the home page.
checks if the given sequences reader contains taxonomy info.
removes a listener from the list of listeners.
replaces the node with the given type.
handles a button request.
deletes the maximum node in the tree.
removes all of the mappings from this map.
called when the progress bar has been changed.
creates a new snmpmibnode.
constructs a new instance, based on the specified date / time and the default time zone.
creates a new code attribute.
creates a new binary output stream.
reads a class descriptor from the stream.
creates a new file in the given directory.
or for zero and one.
executes a prepared statement.
creates a new config object.
ensures that a string is not null.
cancels all unnamed tasks.
returns the minimum and maximum of the given values.
creates a new ored criteria.
escapes a single character.
update the query parameters for all authentications.
adds spaces around spans until the width and height are fixed.
removes the bookmark tracking icons.
creates a new simplemetricgroup with the given name and stream.
returns true if the given point is inside the bounding box.
loads the protocol manager factories from the given class loader.
returns a list of all the host addresses in the network interface.
caculates the in - sample size.
returns true if the given status is in the list of statuses.
returns a string representation of this object.
computes the prf ss digest of the given output.
adds a channel map.
inserts the specified element at the tail of this queue.
adds a resource to the cache.
parses the uid range.
replaces the given value with the given change - to suffix.
executes a claimed task.
creates the navi configuration directory.
called when the update button has been pressed.
converts a class file to a class.
returns an iterator over the target list.
computes the size of the scrolled content.
returns a hash code value for this object.
builds the pool index map.
creates a new dcryptoexception dialog.
creates the separator component.
adds the specified object to the end of the list.
builds the values from the results.
generates a signature of the trailer.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is longer.
writes a portion of an array of bytes.
initiates an activity to open a file.
converts a string to a java. sql. date.
rounds the given float value to the nearest integer value.
creates a plaintext from a short.
creates a copy of this attributeinfo.
creates the component changes string.
adds an unsafe block to the current thread.
checks if the given file is writable.
returns a string representation of the oid.
read the exception from the input stream.
skip ( byte [ ] data ) method testing.
adds a character to the string.
returns a hash code value for this object.
constructs a cholesky decomposition from a matrix.
finds the candidate crossings of two points.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
constructs a new repository location.
adds a property to the carbon properties.
creates a new delta tree for the given element.
returns a string representation of the title.
returns the number of mappings in this map.
replaces all occurrences of a regular expression with a new regular expression.
returns true if the coordinate is in the zone of the activity.
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a new xwaveslabelfilereader.
parses a string as a double, returning the default if the string is null.
registers an app with the given application name.
put a profile into the database.
prints a character to the output stream.
initializes the block views.
removes all trails associated with the given token id.
creates a new dimageimageimage dialog.
parses a number list.
creates a new exception with the specified detail message.
generates a random permutation of the size of the array.
parses a sip header.
converts a srg rgb color to an integer.
record the beginning of a run.
rotates the y axis by the given angle in degrees.
returns true if the given word is pronounceable.
adds the split edges to the given list.
creates a new instance of ioreader.
creates a new membasedcache with the given maximum cache size.
update the max text widths.
enable or disable the overview item.
called when a mouse enters a component.
fetches a page of collections.
implements the visitor for annotation values.
adds the given ids to the query.
stops the monitor and prints an error message.
normalizes the given request url.
invokes the method with the given inputstream and outputstream.
commits the local transaction.
adds the object class attribute to the entry.
populates the area of the given ward.
reads a name from the input stream.
concatenates the given character into this string.
returns the log odds for the given probabilistic value.
signals that the queue is not empty.
fills the tree with the given tree.
returns the number of nodes in the graph.
adds a host to the blacklist.
adds a node to the list of nodes.
writes the contents of this map to a stream.
returns the sigma of the given value.
inserts a new entry into the main bucket.
translates the current transform.
writes the default object to the objectoutputstream.
writes spaces to the output stream.
calculates the relative overlap between two spatial comparables.
handles the auto - draw event.
load at least minavailable bytes from the input stream.
constructs a z21message from a byte array.
sorts the given method descriptors.
parse a list of key - value pairs.
returns true if the type has the given annotation.
builds the tool tip for the given node.
removes an item click listener.
look for a position in the list.
pads the given string to the right of the given length.
returns the collation matching rule names.
checks if the given class is cache safe.
writes the table to the given print stream.
constructs a part from the given encoded and decoded parts.
creates the epoch months for the given year and year.
converts a class descriptor to an internal name.
registers the given bean with the next id.
checks that the unmarshalled value is correct.
puts a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the specified
perform an asynchronous collect operation.
converts the given value to a singular object.
registers a manufacturer specific builder.
copies the reil code from the given node to the given window.
apply the overrides to the properties file.
reads the contents of the given reader into a string.
computes the similarity between two lane objects.
force overflow of the view.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified string.
returns a string representation of the operand.
returns a list of points divided by the conquer brownian bridge.
returns the public id of the given document type.
merges two lists of coordinates.
prints an integer to standard output and flushes standard output.
copy the text of the selected text field.
handles a button request.
build the description panel.
creates a new instance of httpmethodclient.
constructs a pss digest with the given digest and salt length.
decodes the text value of a byte array.
extracts the values from the collection.
checks if is zte.
normalizes the given string using the given encoding.
returns the node in the list.
returns the number of elements in this set.
constructs a new line with the given points and thickness and colors.
converts a biginteger to an unsigned byte array.
approximates the length of the control points in the control points array.
maps a mouse event to a drop action.
adds an assignment to the clause.
returns true if the step value is valid.
creates the icon markers.
tests if there is a network connection.
assign thread to subscriber.
validates a dynamic attribute.
checks if the given type is assignable from the given instance.
initializes the war list.
adds a command to the menu bar.
connects to a gatt device.
computes the dens of a normal distribution.
draws a shape to the given graphics context.
this method is called by the framework when it is no longer needed.
loads a list of uris from the given input stream.
sets the value at the current offset in lazy mode.
creates the equality key from the given node.
convert a collection to a string.
decodes a base64 string into a byte array.
removes all premove drops.
clearbit ( int n ) of a positive number.
stops the timer and sets the stop label to - 1.
write the distinguished name to the deroutputstream.
makes the model dirty.
returns a new arraylist containing all of the elements in this list, in proper sequence.
remove a connection from the list of connections.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
splits a string into a list of strings.
converts a lower - hex string to an unsigned long.
returns the skew standard error of a sample skew.
loads the policy qualifier information from the policy qualifier info array.
runs the given script on the given reader.
returns the markersegment for the given class, or null if none.
removes all values from the filterable.
resets the internal state of this object.
removes the element at the specified position in this queue.
save and close the activity.
adds a message to an existing mailbox.
waits for the given observable to print to the given name.
calculates the nice number for a given range.
copy a header to a buffer.
send a metric to the telemetry client.
adds all of the fields that match the given predicate to this document.
find the base url for the given resource.
returns a string representation of this object using the specified formatter.
returns true if the item at the specified index is specified.
creates a new instance of statarchivereader.
initializes the socket address for the adb server.
read a number of bytes from a file.
returns true if the given tag name matches any of the tag names.
shuts down the platform.
returns true if the given row is expanded.
returns the index of the end of a label.
adds a listener to be notified about changes in the animator.
creates a new httpmethodinfo object.
tests two byte arrays for equality.
draws the text at the specified location.
updates the current race if it is in the list of races.
returns true if the parameter is required.
sends the status data to the given resultreceiver.
prints this object to the specified output stream.
creates a set from a map.
removes all biomes of the given type.
calculates the size requirements for a tiled layout iterator.
writes a padded integer to the given writer.
create a ldap or filter from a filterset.
send a blob instruction.
defines the number of labels that should be displayed.
merges the given set of intervals into a new set.
returns a string that will drop all elements that match the given closure condition.
adds the given node to the list of nodes.
prints a text to the console.
trims the internal array to ensure that it is not empty.
recursively divides the specified range of the array into one array.
asserts that the given threads are alive.
creates a new instance of abstractworkermanager.
called when a message is received.
insert p_net_nos into p_net_nos.
returns true if the distinct projection and incoming bindings buffer exceed the threshold.
convert a string to a byte array.
returns the maximum length of all items in the list.
writes a portion of an array of characters.
rounds this point to the left of the given direction.
determine the host to use for a http proxy.
adds a new reference to the list of references.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list in proper sequence.
returns true if this thread is currently running.
unwrap a vcf file.
registers a new user in the database.
creates a new select object.
tests the compliance of the given mbean.
converts a templatesequencemodel to a set of strings.
creates a new jks object.
writes a location to the output stream.
returns the offset of the given vtable.
evaluates the expression as a string.
converts an http headers object to an armeria object.
calculates the rms of the given audio data.
initializes the gl program.
returns true if the engine contains the given alias.
inverts the selected relations.
float value of a negative bigdecimal.
binds the key store.
draws the connector centers.
returns true if the given instruction is a merge instruction.
loads the default trust manager.
returns true if the current element is outside a document element.
creates a new thread pool with the given pool size.
invokes the given method on the given object, throwing an exception if the method fails.
clears the state of the tree.
adds a helper text color.
advance to the next minute.
constructs a listbasedtokenstream from a list of tokens.
resolves the class with the given name.
creates a new map with the same keys and values as the given map.
finds the first occurrence of the specified key in the specified array, starting from the specified index,
add a synthetic edge to the given collection.
adds the given states to the list of states.
this method is used to convert the object value given to an appropriate representation.
returns a byte array containing the enum key's value.
adds a task to the queue.
initialize the compute shader.
sorts the receiver into ascending numerical order.
reads an object from a byte buffer.
generates a group name from the given policy name and set of existing group names.
asserts that the given resultset contains the expected column types.
creates a new defaultactiongroup with the given actions.
adds a new row to the table.
pushes a term into the buffer.
constructs a numeric literal from an object.
compares the head of this node with the given node.
remove a dependency from the graph.
creates a new concurrentmap with aggressive concurrency level.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied event
skips all whitespace from the reader.
returns an iterator over the literal result attributes.
parses the given string using the given separator.
constructs a priority queue from a collection.
returns the resource id for this node.
returns the initial state.
returns a denormalized version of the given charsequence.
saves a schema file to a container.
returns true if the task is aborted.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
skip ( long maxvalue ) method testing.
test the web data file.
prints a boolean to standard output and flushes standard output.
instantiates a new ipc shared memory space.
closes the database connection.
adds a qualifier to this version.
load an unsigned 16 bit integer from the given address.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
unregisters a baggage handler.
creates a new dataset.
asserts that two arrays are in exact order.
collects the text from the text buffer.
un - proxy the given annotation.
parses an expression and returns a list of nodes.
adds the given section to the list of tickmark sections.
calculates the qi value for a given function.
flushes the output stream.
deletes characters between start and end.
adds a plotter to the list of plotters.
returns the node that is closest to the given key, or null if none.
adds a speedruns live listener.
returns true if the given start index is within the range [ 0, start ).
performs an action on a fault.
returns true if the string contains whitespace.
decodes the given string from the given coder using the given base64 code.
validates a set of strings.
returns a string containing the sum of the given values.
returns a list of myds for the given owner.
computes the power of the given function.
adds a long value to the request.
compares two objects using the comparator.
adds an action listener to the list of listeners.
calculates the bounds of the text at the given index.
adds or subtracts two gs.
returns a string representation of this attribute set.
returns the offset of the first field of the given class.
logs a message at the warning level.
returns the first element of the list.
this method is called when an action occurs.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs, byte
upgrades a server instance.
creates a new instance of the given class.
pops the top stack value for the given type.
creates a new msrp session.
creates a forum post.
draws the outline of a mark.
called when the component is resized.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
change the value of a label.
write an array of bytes to the stream.
update the point at the given location.
waits for this thread to finish.
clamps the view position horizontally.
creates a new wrapper object.
convert x value to panel x value.
forwards the request to the server.
gets the primary keys for a table.
reads a 32 bit unsigned integer from the given input stream.
converts a leaf to a common token.
adds a csv record to the list of records.
enqueues a send to the scheduler.
waits for the match to succeed.
returns a string representation of the given char array, using the given string as a separator.
finds the object binding for the given key.
initialize the compute shader.
checks if the task has completed successfully or failed from the response.
center a list of nodes horizontally.
appends the text to the text body.
called when an instance has been restored.
constructs an hour object with the specified hour and day.
undo the last operation.
returns true if the device is connected using wifi.
closes the writer and flushes the buffer.
returns true if the extension ordering is empty.
creates a new process from a xml file.
extracts the music id from the media id.
getscope ( ) method testing.
builds the parameters for the given method.
returns true if this cell contains the given cell.
creates a new generator with the given random number generator.
converts to primitive array.
process a list of new lines.
initializes the lookup map.
returns a string representation of this object.
read data from the input stream.
adjusts the indentation level by the given amount.
returns the current capacity.
parses a code string.
returns a random number between two objects.
reopen ( ) method testing.
searches the given paths for a file that exists in the given directory.
returns true if the critical extension is unsupported.
format a double value into a stringbuffer.
load configuration from jvm parameters.
soft signin is used to perform the soft signin operation.
test view alter and command cache.
approx the given unit.
creates an element in the given document using the given namespace and prefix.
modify a file with the given modifier.
state 2. update the population and variations.
test the list of options.
ll - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
notifies that the size of the view has changed.
removes a turntable from the list.
the end of an element.
convert a bufferedimage to a matrix.
creates a new instance of filesystemutils.
returns the number of scheduled queues.
creates a new dname dialog where the parent is a frame.
destroys the scene.
adds a mitre join between two segments.
discards non - base64 encoded bytes.
multiply two numbers of different scales ; the first is negative.
limits the duration of a lease to a given limit.
converts a path to a cookie path.
formats a double to a string.
creates a new generator with the specified label format and formatter.
make an id from an oid.
caches the values for an attribute.
reads permissions from the given reader.
injects the volume information into the volume information container.
called when a recyclerview is detached from the recyclerview.
loads the given file.
try to gzip an inputstream.
returns the hash code for this object.
creates a new prefix query.
creates a subject from an amuser.
expands the capacity for the given index.
adds the command line list to the command line list.
loads a hex image from the boardview.
triangulates a point set.
encodes the given byte array into a base64 string.
writes the java field spec to the document.
this method is used to convert the object to an appropriate representation.
parses the given rdf file.
removes the destination statement from the text.
escapes all the characters in the given string, escaping any special characters that occur in the resulting
adds a file to the file system.
inserts the specified array into this list, starting at the specified position.
deprecated version of the put method.
returns a buffer of major version numbers.
creates an index request source.
create data to sign.
sets the if - modified - since value.
returns the absolute path to the tmp journal file.
creates a new instance of the given class with the given dimensions.
play the given animators together.
prints an error message to the log.
returns a string representation of the statistics.
apply l1 reg to x.
this method is called when a key is pressed on the keyboard.
returns all the text at the given url.
loads the move participants for the given element and arguments.
determine the preference vector for the given neighbor.
paints the arrow foreground disabled state.
flipbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
called when a user is added to the database.
returns true if there are more events to be processed.
extracts an xmp from an input stream.
initialize a new model validator.
cross - over a bayesnet representation.
resets the engine to the initial state.
creates a new user perspective.
returns the phred probability of an error.
returns a string representation of the given type.
returns a string representation of this object.
expect at least one of the given types.
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate3 ( ). updates values in the database.
setnull ( ) method testing.
returns true if this type is assignable from the given type.
inserts a bounce penalty into the demand detail.
constructs a sampleinfo from a bytebuffer.
handles the maintenance of the group.
executes the given event and updates the clock with the current time.
returns true if the bytecode version is equal to the bytecode version.
adds a mapping from a simplified definition to a template.
find a file in the given path, or null if not found.
initialize the cache.
adds a circular progress view listener.
instantiates a new sitestatuscheckthread.
renders the glyph to the given graphics context.
resets the retained variables and returns a copy of the replaced variables.
release the application context.
deletes all tables from the table lookup.
find a pet category by its id.
marks the default session token as removed for the given site.
creates a new exchange.
computes the discard alpha value.
convert unix time to file time.
encrypts the given plaintext using the given secretkeys.
removes an address from the list of addresses.
called when the view has been measured.
fire an endelement event.
verify that migrate from product home is valid.
returns an array of spanned objects representing the current history.
formats the given message with the given arguments.
inserts the prosody settings into the utterance.
creates a folder if it does not already exist.
translate matrix after rotation.
creates the text for a ticker.
adds a protocol to the set of protocols if it does not already exist.
returns a string representation of this object.
adds a key to the table.
loads the configuration from the given resource.
log a message to the log file.
draws the outline of the chart vertically.
constructs a public key from a byte array.
returns the number of hits that match the query.
returns true if the given expression is true.
adds a header to the response.
perform an asynchronous max operation.
prints a character followed by a newline.
test write correct rejection record.
commits all changes to the table.
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate7 ( ). updates the values in the table in the
extracts the indent string from a line.
gets the full path of a file.
adds a filename if the status line matches the given status line.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_down, result is negative ; distance = 1.
encodes the given string using the given charset.
slides the specified slide.
adds the given items to the list of sticky drawer items.
returns true if the logging level is finest.
resets the tree to the beginning of the tree.
returns the sinine of the specified angle.
extract data from stego file.
creates a new related session id.
create a cardinal spline from a list of points.
returns true if the given sequence matches this sequence.
compares two comparables.
check if the superuser is root by superuser.
adds an expression to the expression list.
syncs the rest of the iterator with the task.
finds the component with the given name in the given container.
returns true if the given class is a fingerprint class.
writes a float field value.
extracts the column keys from the given line.
draws a rhombus polygon.
convert the dictionaryvaluebufferlist to a byte array.
instantiates a new instance of the given class.
generates a derived key for the given number of bytes.
test that finalization returns even if queue is empty.
show the keyguard view.
computes the width of a string.
checks if the given event passes a sanity check.
this method is called when an action occurs.
returns a string representation of the given local date.
creates a new instance of datasourcemetadata.
creates a new email field with the given value.
creates a new address lookup.
adds a change listener.
creates a new node with the given parameters.
creates a new cell.
adds an xml element to the stack.
constructs a new format from a string.
returns true if the specified interval is equal to this interval.
converts a relative url string to a relative url string.
starts the timer. this method is called when the timer is ready to run.
creates a new journalindex.
closes the plog file.
parses the first consonant.
creates a new buddypanel.
executes a jflex test.
checks if the thread is interrupted.
returns a list of gpu platforms.
adds the given dependency to the list of dependencies.
returns true if the object is a date.
convert config to xml.
builds a quadrilateral from a set of points.
heapify up the heap.
inserts the given key into the tree.
unlocks the lock and releases all acquired resources.
returns true if the filename contains sub - formats.
writes the name and type information to the given output stream.
initializes the properties with the given values.
adds a network listener.
appends a content prefix to the given url buffer.
adds an error listener.
validates that the given class name is valid.
imports the base types for a module.
read a matrix from the given node.
record a file system event.
constructs a coretokenexception with the specified error code.
creates a new ddialog.
computes the dynamic vm for the given java project.
normalizes the given number.
skips the elements in this vector to the specified index.
removes an organization configuration from the service configuration.
removes a group listener.
creates a new setchangelogmapping.
extracts the key from the given name.
calculates the spacing of a motion event.
transforms a map of key / value pairs into a map of key / value pairs.
creates a new instance of componentmanager.
deletes all observers.
unsynchronize a byte array.
calculates the general encryption key.
creates a new message capture.
unzips a byte array to a byte array.
inserts an item into a combo box.
waits for the coroutine to become active.
returns true if the python error in the given output string is a python error.
converts a number to a string.
decodes a string into a map.
returns an unmodifiable set view of the keys contained in this map.
called when the audio mirror is started.
creates a new propagation imp.
creates a new instance of nativerunner.
indents the given height.
reduces the given calendar to a new one.
surrounds the given string with the given prefix and suffix.
returns the first coordinate that is not in the list, or null if none.
trims the given string to the given length and pads the given character.
schedules the session to the timer pool.
decrypts the given byte array using the given key length.
logs the os information.
called before a value is encountered.
returns a hash value for the given string.
generates a native guid for a transport zone.
tests adding a servlet with the name and jsp file.
returns true if the specified value is equal to this value.
prints an error message and a throwable.
removes a listener from the list of event listeners.
creates a new execution system.
returns true if the given type is a command.
send a report to the client.
returns true if the given string starts with the given prefixes.
test ordering by datatype.
called when a mouse button has been pressed on a map.
format sql values into a sql string.
paints the top edge of the content border.
analyzes all events and writes them to a file.
executes a sql update.
returns the current thread time in milliseconds.
creates an entry from a list of ldif lines.
clears the parser highlights.
reads a short from the input stream.
format an integer into a byte array.
appends a character array to the buffer.
returns true if the entity has the permission for the given user login and order header.
checks if is annotation.
returns true if this basic block is equivalent to the other basic block.
calculates the compile checksum.
returns true if the label is a long label.
creates a new secret block.
installs a normal file.
creates the insert list for the given item.
read the metadata of the outline file.
decodes the run length.
reads a stream into a byte array.
creates a new no duplicate value global constraint.
inflates an overlay from a config string.
brute force hash.
creates a new fancyloader.
returns true if the source has been modified.
performs the specified action to flip the image.
loads the value from a string.
returns a map of all namespaces for the given soap element.
draws the hook to the given canvas.
convert a bitmap to a byte array.
this method is called when the button is pressed.
this method is used to flush the ptp packets.
resets the display cache and id cache.
copies all files in the given directory to the given destination.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
record the log data for this record.
load rewrites from the given string.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
called when a connection is closed.
handle a http request.
create a negative number from an array of bytes.
formats the given double value.
removes the specified positions from the adapter.
resets the shape bounds.
attempts to parse a string as a colour.
returns the rank of the vector.
executes a random modifiable variable modification.
saves the given content to a file.
delete old temp file.
flush the connection to the database.
convert a byte array to a jpeg image.
de - spawns the specified object.
returns the topic name for the given event id.
returns the match result.
creates a constraint set for all projects in the given zip file.
decodes the given string using the default charset.
creates a copy of this operation to the given extent.
returns the class loader for the class.
helper method for path style helper.
converts a color to an angle.
parses an old - bounded size.
adds an encoded query parameter.
create a link to an image.
creates a new namespace with the given creator and qualifier.
decrements the current value by one.
updates the color with the given dt and ratio.
removes all elements from the array.
locks the queue and releases all locks.
removes all entries from the cache.
updates the publication date and last media url for the given episode.
removes all ui defaults from the ui list.
makes this object immutable.
computes the k - nearest neighbor for the given relation and distance query.
adjusts the given set of positions according to the given range.
adds an id to a string builder.
creates a new available migration.
adds a comment to the document.
draws an image using the given transform.
this method is called when the user presses the delete button.
selects all the elements in the list.
add a raw value to the nvp.
returns the number of elements in this set.
read an unsigned integer from the input stream.
view the address country options.
adds a pause listener.
makes this attribute immutable.
adds the given component to the list of components.
opens a url with the given uri.
invalidates the specified line.
constructs a bytebandedraster with the given samplemodel.
initialize the uri object from the given uri object.
unlinks the last element from the list.
returns true if the notification is registered for the given type.
reads the output of a process.
fills the header and footer.
adds an operand to the list of operands.
calculate total collected amt amount.
skips the specified number of bytes.
removes all ims.
escapes all ascii characters in a string.
copy the content of the given reader to the current content.
clears the dictionary cache.
returns a string representation of the given array of arguments, with the given maximum size.
renames the given file to the given file.
executes a camera command.
returns the set of kind names for the given kind.
returns the length of the text.
serializes digest response to string.
populates the combos for the given activity.
returns the json encoding for the given media type and headers.
converts an image to a bufferedimage.
returns the start time.
moves the cursor to the next view.
returns true if the string is hh : mm : ss.
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
caches a method to be resolved.
setbit ( int n ) top of a positive number.
destroys all the beans in the view map.
closes the given output stream.
returns the node at the given index.
converts a character to a visible width.
creates a directory if it does not already exist.
creates a new gts stream with the given base timestamp.
encodes an array of coordinates into a string.
extract weight values from a list of synapses.
flushes and closes the connection.
returns true if the hash set contains the given hashes.
ensures that the buffer is large enough to hold the given number of additional data.
returns true if the given phonenumber is a valid phone number.
trims the url from the beginning of the uri.
returns the next entry in the classification block.
adds the alpha to the original color.
stops the server and releases any system resources associated with it.
copies the given operand array into the local state.
attempt to read the response from the given connection.
adds the specified element to the end of this deque.
creates a new translatablecomponent.
adds a part at the given index.
inserts the string representation of the boolean argument into this builder.
returns true if this object has the given nature and weapon.
dumps the info message to the logger.
this method will be called when the server is closed.
finds the conversion from the source type to the target type.
advance the api up to the given time.
this method calls proc updateuserroles and updates the values of userroles passed.
send the option request to the client.
performs the comparison test.
adds a new delete.
returns the maximum of two double values.
adds an imagecontainer to the container list.
calls the super method and writes the approximation to the specified output stream.
adds a method to the chain.
gets a request from the thread local.
creates a hash of the given password.
schedules a commercial with the given length.
returns a hash code for this object.
unsubscribes the topic from the client.
is operating system digital unix?.
disconnects the server from the server.
returns true if this name ends with the specified name.
calculates the total height of the given star.
returns true if the given string is a regular expression.
returns true if the given intent has specialized handlers.
flushes the output stream.
attaches the footer to the given content.
creates a new sentence with the given children.
test that the state of getencoded ( ) method is preserved.
initializes the open temp map.
creates a cumulative histogram for the keys in the given histogram.
updates the icons for the given package.
parses the given string into a datedata object.
adds a set of attributes to the list of attributes.
unpark ( ) method testing.
sets the commit index for this segment manager.
finish the list of closing fragments.
writes a sequence of bytes to the output.
converts a hex string to a hex string.
returns the matching scenarios and examples for the given feature.
convert rate to speed string.
returns the next element in the iteration.
returns true if field queuesize is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise.
converts a double to a string.
creates a test index created event with a bulk data hit.
validates the given value against the given rule.
finds the uri of the given owner.
returns a random number between start and end inclusive.
adds an event to the queue.
returns a random algorithm parameter spec.
returns true if the character is a valid token character.
draws the lines and points for the given ordered date set.
adds an element type.
creates a log tag for the given class.
prints a string followed by a newline.
constructs a new uri from the given uri and frag.
this method is called when the component is being painted.
returns a byte array containing the contents of this object.
adds an import to the list of imports.
draws the arrow head.
called when the class loader is initialized.
unmarshals the parameters of a method into an array of objects.
loads the data from the service.
creates a resource name based on the resource name and the locale.
returns a string representation of the given array.
draws an icon at the specified position in the image.
syncs the query with the server.
resets the runtime to its initial state.
converts an image to a buffered image.
returns true if the task has been cancelled.
removes a directededge from the graph.
returns true if the specified event is a generatable event.
called when a message is received from the producer.
sets the until date.
returns true if the specified touch point is within the bounds of the thumb's bounds.
cleans up all files in the given directory.
returns true if this node can be collided with another node.
updates the timer with the given duration.
submits a new task to the given queue.
creates a thread pool for the task distributor.
dumps the wave data to the given writer.
adds a buffered field to the editor.
adds an incomplete expansion room.
computes the desired ellipsoid magnitude.
trims the given character sequence by removing any leading and trailing whitespace.
validates vnx smis request parameters.
calculates the next trace layer.
converts an object to a bytebuffer.
write bytes to the channel.
creates a new sensor with the given system name and user name.
returns the maximum of two distances.
fills the shape with the given points.
writes the exif data to a jpeg stream.
decodes a base256 segment.
move to the current day of the month.
converts an ip address to an ip address.
returns true if the template is valid.
returns the next element from the queue, throwing an unsupportedoperationexception if the queue is unsupported.
returns the cumulative density function of the normal distribution.
destroys the connection and closes it.
emits a single atom.
creates a unary operator from a collection of udids.
returns true if the network is connected.
called when a tab is closing.
adds a new samcollection to the collection.
closes the connection to the server.
replaces all collapsed edges in the graph.
sets the position of the track to the given fraction.
creates a new seaglasstitlepane.
returns a string representation of this list.
writes a 64 - bit long.
expands a list of wildcards.
returns a charset object for the given charset name.
constructs a new attribute value.
dumps the given message with the given stack trace.
executes a query and commits the transaction.
caches the synthetic name for the given signature.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end - user
map library name to native library name.
returns the next matcher in the stream.
processes the fragment loading queues.
adds a private field to the given type.
reconstructs the private subrs.
returns true if the sequence matches the chomp.
initializes the gl with the current surface and the current record.
removes all views from the scrap heap.
contributes the token request parameters.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
adds the given line to the end of the line.
merges all children of the given node.
negate ( ) for a negative bigdecimal.
creates and binds an item to the given type.
creates a new panel with the given experiment.
adds the given listener to the list of listeners.
process the command line arguments.
check if zoning is required.
initializes the xml root element.
returns true if the attribute has the given name.
returns true if this string starts with the given prefix.
returns true if the specified class is a window of the specified type.
reports a bound property change.
fades to the specified layer.
returns a hash code value for the given boolean field.
creates a new surfaceobject.
parses a string into a sootmethodandclass object.
start the unit selection.
finds the start of a column.
decodes a color from a string.
returns a list of modules required for processing the given source type and target type.
computes the distance between this vector and another vector.
calculates the elapsed time of all gcbeans.
closes the connection.
adds a list of entries to a distinct list.
start an object with the given number of fields.
produce a stream of messages for a given topic.
returns a string containing the given character, with the given number of characters.
adds a connection to the list of views.
trims all whitespace from the beginning of the given text and sets the span to the end of
adds a listener to be notified when the script is finished.
called when the consumer has finished processing a purchase.
java. io. buffer # put ( int, byte [ ] ) method testing.
concats the given arrays into one.
ensures that the array tmp has at least the specified number of elements, increasing its capacity if
adds a new value to the end of the list.
adds a continuation element to the test elements.
calculates the rotation angle in degrees.
count the number of characters in the given character sequence.
creates a new crlnumberreader object.
log a message with printf formatting.
calculates the log probability of a given mu.
sets the tolerance of this pid to the given tolerance.
called when the drag is finished.
writes the data to the given log.
inserts an entry into the dynamic table at the given index.
extracts the secret access key from the given s3 uri.
dials the chat with the user.
add a class to the list of safe classes.
returns true if the active list has room.
returns true if the server is running.
parses a rslp resource and returns a map of step names to step objects.
returns a string representation of the bet.
test snapshot of non - empty journal.
check to see if the ip address matches the ip address.
returns the power of the given value.
converts a class to an entry path.
write a counter to standard output.
returns a map of annotation names to annotation mirrors in the given package.
returns the osm element that can be paste from the current node.
updates the current cursor.
returns true if the given event is a middle mouse button.
adds a success message.
called when the start stopped check box has changed.
closes the input stream.
returns the next log segment sequence number.
asserts that the specific language is valid.
called when a block is exploded.
returns true if there are any reader threads waiting to be read.
returns the number of milliseconds since the epoch.
checks if the condition is true.
adds a cos definition.
parses a sourcedataquality from an xml element.
converts the given output class to a q object.
generates a jwt signature for the given secret.
adds the given symbols to the list of exported symbols.
returns true if m is fulfilling.
add a data source listener.
finds the effective annotation in the given hierarchy.
returns true if the entity should fail.
reads n bytes from inputstream into buf.
evaluates the gamma function of the given vector instances.
parses the finish tag.
cancel the included only button.
kills all entries in the list.
creates an error dialog with the given title and message.
check that the index header suffix is equal to the expected suffix.
prints a tag with the specified name and values.
parses a disk string from the given string.
returns true if the given object is a trusted object.
creates a new request control.
connects the source neurons to the target neurons in the given synapse group with
multiply two characters.
normalizes a charsequence to a string.
adds a zone change listener.
write a single byte.
instantiates a new start listener.
returns a list of logical values as a flat list.
resets the schedulers hook.
returns the hash code for the given key.
record the current timestamp.
throws an exception if the method is interrupted.
parses the given string using the default buffer size.
returns the default radius.
returns a copy of the buffer as a char array.
returns the number of pending workers.
inserts the specified component at the specified position in this list.
unescapes the given source string using the given split character and special characters.
appends an input stream to the url.
creates a new map with the same mappings as the specified map, with the same mappings as the
adds a rule to the selector.
appends the given byte array to the end of this segment.
checks if is latest dss keystore.
initializes the resource bundle with the given name.
instantiates a new layer graphic warehouse support object.
returns true if the package name matches the naming convension.
remembers a factory for the given host.
returns the next character in the stream.
removes the first entry in the list.
creates new task cancelled exception with given throwable as a cause and source of error message.
normalizes a range of characters.
removes obsolete elements from the list.
removes an action from the network update.
computes the distance between the given quad segs.
returns the next token from the stream.
adds a character to the list.
returns true iff the given ifd id is a valid ifd id.
removes the given group from the list of children.
check if a storageport exists in the database.
appends a split element to the list of splits.
creates a new osm handler.
flushes and closes the output stream.
returns the direct connection.
appends a national number to the beginning of the prefix before the prefix.
cut the list of selected objects.
stops the blink service.
release the index. this method will be called when the index is released.
configures the command line.
write a transform to the output stream.
signum ( ) for a positive bigdecimal.
prepends a painter to the chain.
parses the operator token stream.
drags the given object to the given destination.
queue up the syncs in the cursor.
removes the series at the specified index.
adds a glue to the given jb.
writes the given result to a file.
this class cannot be instantiated.
write blocklet info to file.
renders the given tree with the given indentation.
replaces all occurrences of a regular expression with a replacement string.
compares two strings for equality.
adjusts the length of the backing file.
creates a collection of ordered subnets from the given pin list.
creates a js method invocation expression.
performs the double click action.
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization.
executes the database query to drop tables.
creates a new disk segment for the given segment descriptor.
returns true if the person with the given email exists.
returns the maximum of two values ignoring na - n.
locks the dir block for modification.
remove a reference from the connection source.
returns true if the queue matches a word.
creates a new vacuum environment.
generates the rmi for the given class.
adds a long click listener.
removes a creature from the list of respawn points.
creates a new photo from the given exif data.
converts a byte array to a long.
parses a unicode escape character.
invoked when a mouse enters a component.
remove formatting from a line.
xor for two positive numbers ; the first is shorter.
prints the charge log.
returns true if the rdns list is empty.
writes the given data to the local csv file.
create a service configuration for an organization.
deletes the authentication domain.
adds a source code remark.
called when the event is pre - modifyed.
saves the given document to the database.
returns true if this stream supports the mark ( ) operation.
resolves the parent relation name.
constructs a new bytecolumn with the given default value and capacity.
convert a select statement to a relnode.
executes a script with the given function name and context.
instantiates a new htm document builder.
formats a sample rate in mhz format.
returns true if the connection is closed.
starts the daemon thread.
creates a new type simplifier.
escapes the given byte array.
returns the name of the native library.
converts a dom document to a string.
returns a mongoclient for the given seeds.
cast a string to a boolean value ( reference type ).
returns true if there are more work.
sets the seed of the generator.
generates the class file.
returns true if the embedascff option is set, false otherwise.
runs the test case.
returns the mosesize of the given feature.
calculates the height of a text.
checks if the mux is being shut down.
checks to see if there are any tasks in the queue that are not blocked by dependencies.
callshortmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a short value.
reports a bound property change.
removes all locoicons from the list.
captures a single string.
converts a long value to a localized string.
tests parsing a client handshake request.
runs the test case.
checks if the given value is a frame value.
creates a template for the given string.
returns true if the custom area should be taken focus.
initializes the certificate with the given private key.
selects zones for initiators and ports.
returns true if the given filename is one of the given extensions.
writes a jar post resource.
closes the file.
creates a typedeventlistener with the given wrapped listener and event class.
returns a list of child nodes of the given node.
returns a corleone instance for the given job context.
returns the logarithm of the given counts.
adds a method to this class.
adds the replication factor request to the operation.
returns the initial splash frame.
decodes the line suffix from the input stream.
adds a server transaction to the stack.
calculates the spacing of a motion event.
returns true if the given method is a poly method.
creates a new jk object.
selects an attribute set instance.
ensures that the file is open.
tests canonicalizing the cache.
prints an object to standard output and flushes standard output.
stops the timer and runs the given runnable.
reads the next byte from the given inputstream and returns the index of the next byte in the
generates a graph file from the given transmeta.
close an output stream.
adds a propertychangelistener to the bean context.
returns true if this entry has expired.
load user info into action bar.
returns the direction for the given arrow key.
creates a new tracegraph with the given spans.
returns true if this object is persistent.
converts a month, day, year, hour, hour, minute, and second string to a
this method is called when a mesos failure occurs.
find the config file in the working directory.
attempts to add a word to the line.
called when a preference is clicked.
read wwwauthenticate header.
returns the string representation of the boolean value.
test to send a message to the producer.
adds a live value to the query.
converts a uri to a string using the specified encoding.
returns true if the given key exists.
creates a new allocationsite.
draws an image using the given affine transform and observer.
parses an array of characters into an integer.
creates new form activitymonitorsample.
computes the extreme locations of a great circle at a given location and azimuth.
initializes the checkbox with the given parameters.
paints the check mark enabled state.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the given uri.
writes a command to the log file.
reloads the image from the root directory.
creates a new instance.
generate a block of text from a stream of rows.
adds a content spec node to the current element.
grows the spine by one.
reconnects to the current port.
returns a collection of grid port records.
returns a string representation of the buffer.
returns true if the variable has a change event with the given name.
resets the xm attribute values.
returns the distance between this circle and the other circle.
creates a new simplecommand with the given name and arguments.
grows the array.
convert a table name to lower case.
creates a new instance of pickinggraphmouseplugin.
performs a breadth - first search on the graph.
creates a new viewrefrender.
checks that the given number is a valid number.
announces a group of groups.
creates a new drawingattributes object.
closes the scanner and releases any system resources associated with it.
creates a new policy tree.
method for rollback method for createsnapshot.
convert string to seconds.
remove an activity from the list of views.
read preferences from shared preferences.
add a download to the active list.
adds an expr to the tla code.
returns true if the given string is an upper - case camel case.
sets the type of the given string.
returns true if this node provides an identifier.
removes redundant affix strings from a list of strings.
returns a random number from the distribution.
resumes updates to the current day.
stores the last used time.
returns true if the child element can contain the top element.
extracts arcs from an oid.
isduplicate ( ) method testing.
update the statistics for a conditional density estimator.
returns true if the given file is a directory, false otherwise.
add two negative numbers of the same length.
starts a new poll.
increments the access count.
compares two doubles.
convert a bitmap to a byte array.
creates new form configurenb.
returns the logarithm of the given number and base number.
computes the uf2 problem.
creates a new filesaverdescriptor.
reads the next block from the stream.
adds a new run.
copies the given array of converters into this object.
adds a new output sensor.
initialize the socket channel.
resets the state of the manager.
if the value is not null, invoke the specified consumer with the value, otherwise do nothing.
send an x10 sequence with the given intensity.
reads a float from the input stream.
instantiates a new glowscheduler.
java. util. arrays # fill ( int [ ], int, int, int, int
calculates the width of the layout.
deletes the contents of the directory.
checks if the given element is a static variable.
writes a portion of an array of characters.
converts an iso 8601 duration to a human readable string.
send a text message to the group chat.
returns a string representation of this object.
removes a tcpserverthread from the list of running threads.
creates a new dock node event handler.
reads the number of source chars to log.
deletes the current license file on disk.
returns the test net parameters.
blocks until all requests have been processed.
read the chess data from the stream.
update the bounds of the fast scroller.
creates a new dimageimagedialog dialog.
creates a directory with the given name.
is operating system windows 8?.
returns a set of functions that are used by all functions in the given unit.
adds a range of items to the list.
returns an unmodifiable list of noproxy objects.
adds the include definitions to the list of include definitions.
adds a new observation to the dataset with the specified group.
tally the variants of a vcf record.
read a portion of an array of bytes.
creates a new ldif from a list of lines.
updates the preson info for this person.
removes the item at the specified position.
ask the license module to accept all required licenses.
adds an xtiff geo key.
detects a geotimeserie based on a set of patterns.
dumps the list of candidates to the given string builder.
writes a boolean [ ] to an xmlserializer.
adds a new outbound rule.
creates a new skype instance with the specified username and password.
stops the dragging of the view.
adds the flags to the layout.
match the certificate in the key store with the given x509certificate.
purges the last articles from the database.
recycles all views in the list.
creates a new proxy verifier.
override paint ( graphics ) to do the actual painting.
called before a key is added to the output stream.
transfer the contents of the given input stream to the given output stream.
tests the existence of a file in a directory.
add two longs, throwing an exception if the first is less than the second.
serializes a compact rdf node.
adds a checkbox to the container.
push the current graphics state onto the stack.
drops an index from the database.
returns the element at the top of the stack.
adds the given processor to the list of processors.
adds a data chunk to the script at the given index.
initialize the resource configuration.
deletes the least used entry.
convert less than one thousand.
returns true if the uri is an embedded base64 image.
change the current state.
parses the link label.
read a file as a string.
called when a runtime exception occurs.
checks if the service is allowed to access the device.
closes the underlying file.
selects the next operator.
splits a string into a list of chunks.
convert a boolean array to a string.
decodes the given string into a bytebuffer.
clears the list of buttons.
returns a color that is brighter than the given color.
shuts down the thread pool.
constructs a serialmessage from a byte array.
this method is called when the task completes.
write a golomb value.
adds a force to the list.
convert a number to a metric value.
returns true if the specified sequence overlaps the specified range of characters.
constructs a new instance with the specified parameters.
prepares the record for processing.
returns true if the url is configured.
convert a comma delimited list to an array of strings.
reads a byte array from a file.
fatalerror : print a message to the system.
renames the given file to the given directory.
pushes a pair onto the vector.
removes the storage from the data directory.
appends the container configuration to the container configuration.
creates a new instance of readonlygamesettings.
deletes a set of users.
returns true if the given file should be accepted by this filter.
removes the given region from the list of regions.
closes an inputstream without throwing an exception.
called when the start of an element is reached.
stops the server and waits for it to finish.
creates a new storage.
calculates the width of an item in the renderer.
start camera preview.
adds a breakpoint listener.
update the graphics with the current state.
releases all waiters for the given phase.
converts a string to a date format using the specified timezone.
prints the stack trace of the given throwable.
scans the type parameters and checks if it is camel case.
creates a new block with the given multipush flag.
returns the poisson distribution.
finds an expression in the connector.
adds a channel to the store.
deletes all files in the given directory.
pipe input stream to output stream.
release the detector.
trim leading character from a string.
returns the next element from the queue, or null if none.
waits for the current thread to finish, and returns true if the thread is safe.
submits the given image task.
adds an attribute selection.
creates the left - over byte array.
returns a random sample of the values.
called when a channel is closed.
configures the head less simulation.
returns true if the given uri is the next window.
returns true if the given class is visible.
removes the entry from zookeeper.
creates a new xmlserviceresourcebundle object.
returns true if the argument is a valid string.
adds an array of strings to a list.
removes a supercard toast from the list.
test parsing of vmstat header and data.
generates a secretkey from a password.
partially escapes the assertion value.
removes the view at the given index from the given parent view group.
returns true if the given prefix is already declared in the context.
adds the agent to the environment.
calculates the attack status for a given attacker, attacked, and ismainhand.
sets the vertex processor.
returns true if this thread is no longer in use.
validates the availability of the replicas for the given shard and collection.
returns this class declaration as a class declaration.
converts a partition spec to a string.
converts a charsequence to an input stream using the specified encoding.
hitendtest # test_end_afterfind ( ).
deletes the cheque with the given id.
calculates the partial correlation between two submatrix.
adds a column to the table.
adds a put / get operation to the map.
check if the saturation value is valid.
parses the given cell string into the given layout constant.
fire a pseudo property change.
run a command in a directory.
returns the selectable channel.
java. util. date # date ( int, int, int, int, int, int
returns a string representation of the given tag.
adds the filters to the given chooser.
returns a byte array containing the enum value of the specified key, starting at the specified valueindex
parses a rfc 822 date string.
validates the given shapes graph against the given dataset.
adds an annotation to the end of the page.
find the preferred idp provider.
checks if the given directory exists and creates it if necessary.
asserts that all values satisfy the given expectations are satisfied.
determines whether a new journal should be rebuilt.
prints a float followed by a newline.
extracts a register instruction.
called when an authentication failure occurs.
builds the interceptors for the given method.
removes all phis from an ir.
count the number of tokens in the target string.
initialize the coverage map from the list of tests.
builds the route interceptors for the given resource and method interceptors.
check if footprint is valid.
main entry point for the demo.
computes the quantile of the distribution.
creates a cipher parameters from a bcpbe algorithm parameter spec.
instantiates a new orioneditor.
stores a byte at the given offset in the byte array.
adds a validation error.
parses an option setting and stores it in a map.
generates the client credentials.
builds the solr index.
start the guided tour.
run a random test.
adds the specified listener to the list of listeners.
clamps the mag value to the given minimum and maximum.
called when a mouse button is clicked.
adjusts the bytecode index for an osr specialization.
returns a string representation of this object.
interpose an array of longs.
creates a new temporary directory with the given prefix.
synchronizes all auth data in the current user.
creates an element in the xenc encryption space.
scrapes all views that are currently scraped.
draws the wind line at the given location.
returns true if the given properties object contains the proxy settings.
returns true if the value is equal to the default value.
parses a key - value pair and returns a map of key / value pairs.
called when the size of the view has changed.
adds a new buffer to the current buffer.
creates a websiteaddress based on the given pattern.
tests whether the log filter has the same name and extension.
resets the list of pending missile attacks.
adds padding to the given byte array.
adds the commands from the given page to the list of commands.
returns a string representation of the matrix.
adds the given statements to the end of the sequence.
notify the listener that the activity has changed.
computes the elasticity of the value at the given spot.
convert http entity to byte array.
returns the first foo in the ordered set where uuid =?.
rounds the given value to the nearest integer value.
instantiates a new runner.
is operating system windows me?.
converts a date to a string.
calculates the size of a component based on the form spec and the cell size.
check if two ast nodes have the same element type.
appends the data to the stringbuilder.
converts a long value to a string.
resets the position to the beginning of the buffer.
reads a single byte from the given inputstream.
writes the specified character sequence to the specified file, using the default encoding.
returns true if the idp proxy is enabled.
compiles the given prolog into a java source.
removes all listeners from this spring.
creates a new selectioninputdialog.
builds the solr index.
converts a class name to a resource path.
constructs a new uri from the given parameters.
adds a solution to the population.
returns a copy of the buffer as a byte array.
creates a disk in the specified project.
returns true if the given host matches the given domain.
removes an attribute from the list of enabled attributes.
generates the instruction to push the top stack value on the stack.
encodes the post body.
lookups the standard keys for the given key.
writes the contents of this object to the specified output.
returns the toggle node property.
decodes octets from the given byte buffer.
creates a new arrayfieldvector containing the same elements as v1 and a new arrayfieldvector
reverses the list of animators.
starts the query and registers the observer.
reports a vetoable property change.
tests the correctness test for the lm distribution.
called when a list of sinks has been received.
converts a dto to an entity.
writes an external foreign key drop statement.
obtains a lock on the file.
point to a data object.
collects the files that are affected by this project's git vcs.
update the position of a particle.
updates the ticklabels for the given length.
returns true if the target position is within bounds.
asserts that the indices of the statements in the database are consistent.
shows the given item.
adds an integer option to the option list.
determine the target page.
returns the form of the matrix at the given index in the given formatter.
copies the points of the given vector3f to this vector3f.
converts a glob string to a regular expression.
force no loss to be done.
splits a string into an array of strings with the given separator character.
test split on semicolons.
removes the object at the given offset from the given source array.
creates a new dictionaryadapter.
returns true if the tab is associated with a non - destroyed activity.
creates a new httpstreamwrapper.
adds the given file to the list of filenames.
returns true if the number is coming, false otherwise.
creates a new hull.
reads a signed short.
prints the string representation of the given integer to the target.
creates a proximity node.
checks if zoning is required.
sends a reply to the stream.
creates a new instance of this class.
navigate to dump.
adds a new list of sms mms messages.
creates a new cache entry with the given data.
swaps the egl display and surface.
constructs a list of windows from a list of words.
builds the path from a json path.
adds the element at the specified position in the array.
returns the double value of this double attribute.
returns the matlab representation of this matrix.
creates a new fileinputreader.
creates an object output stream for this file.
returns a set containing all of the keys in this map.
adds a certificate to the list.
adds a policylistener to the policy cache.
verifies that the given code is in the cache.
returns a new script engine for the given file.
finds the raw module with the given id.
checks if the given list of arguments is of the given type.
returns a local date in japanese calendar system from the proleptic - year and day
recovers an entry from the keystore.
creates a new loader for the given base url.
min ( ) for unequal bigdecimals.
creates a new wiser.
concats an array of integers to an array of ints.
truck the camera to the target location.
shuts down the executor service.
clears the locale builder.
deflate the previous string into the current string.
returns the index of the split list in the list.
log an error message.
add a propertychangelistener to the listener list.
cleans a directory and all its subdirectories.
returns the minimum version of the tx.
constructs a dimensionedscalar with the specified name and value.
appends a portion of an array of characters.
computes the standard deviation of the kernel for the given instance.
initialize the properties object.
inserts the specified element at the specified position in this list.
creates a new instance of multiplexmanager.
returns true if the element matches the pattern.
returns the given value or the given default value if the value is null.
compares the last received key value with the last received key value.
paints the car component.
converts a string to a java. sql. time object.
chooses a server alias for the given key type and issuers.
returns the probability distribution function.
charge method for charge.
parses a gdx actor template.
brokera - > brokerb - > brokerc.
flushes the wbxml body to the stream.
discards the current thread.
converts the given leaf to an asi token.
write the values to the packetbuffer.
registers a file type.
parses a locale formatted integer.
parses the xml string into a requestsecuritytokenresponse object.
request a container request.
filter the items by level.
returns the index within the specified range of the array.
adds a symbol to the end of the list.
escapes all the characters in the given string, escaping any special characters that occur in the resulting
returns the number of elements in the array.
convert a string to a long.
returns a list of localtime objects with the smallest number of values in the array.
sum outlink authority score for all outlinks in the page.
closes the current graphics and closes the printer thread.
browse to a file.
appends a character sequence to the text.
creates a new wizard initial object creation page.
unwraps the data from the input stream.
returns true if the specified attribute is specified.
checks the user's permission.
stores the password in the shared state.
deletes a child node from this node.
float value of a bigdecimal.
waits for the termination of the process and returns the result.
refresh inherited methods of this metaclass.
set the canceled flag to false.
change the state of the annotation document.
removes an edge from the graph.
called when a long key is pressed.
returns true if this node has a descendant of the given pattern.
writes the specified number of bytes to the file.
generates the data files from the resource bundle.
returns true if the given object is a cglib proxy.
calculates the image indents.
tests fix for bug # 10630 - createstatement ( ).
returns true if the two fields are equal.
adds an annotation to the front of the graph.
adds a frame to the animation.
prints a codepoint to a string.
cleans up the minidump file.
closes the outbound connection.
extracts a thumbnail from a bitmap.
writes the package info to the file.
returns an array containing all events in this list, in proper sequence.
decodes the pkcs # 8 encoding from the given derinputstream.
process a prefix list.
returns a copy of this resultset.
dumps the given value into the given stringbuffer.
type special char.
returns true if the two objects are equal.
returns true if the given mime type is present, false otherwise.
skips the given notifications starting at the given index.
writes the data for the given object to pdxwriter.
writes a c byte to the given buffer.
returns true if the priority queue is empty.
instantiates a new viterbi point.
paints the bottom edge of a content border.
emits a field name for a list add.
parses a pem string into a key object.
creates a new parallelpublisher using the given source and parallelism.
returns the next rule in the recurrence.
adds a variable to the queue.
canonicalizes the given simple url.
reads the pid from the given file.
calculates the animation duration.
computes the norm of a vector.
determines the height of this view.
inserts the specified element at the specified position in this list.
computes the mean of a vector.
creates a new sprite with the given coordinates.
closes the output stream.
creates a synctoken from the given date string and uuid.
returns true if both objects are null, and false otherwise.
initializes the flagz client.
close an inputstream without throwing an exception.
random ( ) method testing.
replaces all occurrences of oldchar with newstr with newstr.
creates a new form object.
canonicalizes this type declaration to its canonical form.
opens an activity with the given url with the given intent.
waits for all active and live replicas in zookeeper.
inserts the specified object at the end of this vector.
returns true if this column is a rp copy.
splits a file into a list of name / value pairs.
returns true if taxon is compatible with availabletaxa.
draws the text for a label.
returns true if there are any map objects.
perform the actions.
returns a collection of objectreferences representing the thread roots of this thread.
adds a translation to the embeddable mapping for the given field name.
returns the minimum size of this layout for the given target container.
checks if a resource has changed in a group.
create a tel url from a uri.
constructs a new svm example set with the specified support vectors and bias.
restarts the engine.
creates a new sorter.
returns a string representation of this object.
PDF of the probability density function.
generate a format for the given codec.
parses the given character array and writes the comment.
returns the maximum element of this stream according to the provided key extractor function.
returns the object with the given commit counter.
starts the animation.
prints the stack trace of an exception to the log.
splits a variable name into two strings.
called when a child thread ends.
registers the transport protocol monitor for the given container.
update the table with the given parameters.
stop the video fading edges screen timer.
removes a timeout event listener.
process generic properties from a properties file.
adds a lock object for the given table.
returns a random element from the given arraylist.
updates the given map with a new qual value and adds it to the given map.
joins an async invocation and waits for it to complete.
define a local variable for a given field and slot.
opens a connection to the data source.
called when an error occurs.
called when a mouse button is pressed on a component.
decodes the given string using the given flags.
evaluates the function with the given arguments and returns the result.
returns the set of keys for this object.
writes a list of namespaces to a writer.
modifies an array of integers.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
appends the hex representation of the given character to the given stringbuilder.
prints the bootstrap map.
returns an enumeration describing the given option objects.
adds a token to the end of the list.
convert large value sets to predicate.
adds the tags to the builder.
loads the build number from the package manager.
build a random leftregularbipartitegraph.
adds this item to the given list of views.
configures the url request.
convert a number to a title string.
read an escape character from the input stream.
processes the given input file and writes it to the given output file.
creates a new instance of the replicator runtime conf.
convert a double to a local number.
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
converts a list of longs into an array of longs.
updates the state of the menu.
test putgetremove ( ) method testing.
formats a list of strings to a string.
removes a notification listener from the snmp adaptor.
performs a ucumm product of two vectors.
expands a list of modulespecs to include wildcards.
report the contents of a list of processerrorstateinfo.
getissuernames ( ) method testing.
start the kinesis stream.
creates a new xa data source.
convert a double to degrees.
adds a view to the header.
returns true if the path is absolute.
initialize demand and collection map.
returns an instance of the specifier at the given index.
creates a new shaped crafting recipe.
write a tag with the given font value.
write a portion of an array of bytes.
connects to the given host and port.
called when a batch of instances has finished.
configures the http client.
parses a file into a string.
creates a new test suite.
loads the given object from the given element.
creates an omicon with the given values.
start the queue, removing all threads from the queue and adding them to the running list.
called when a bound property is changed.
asserts that two objects are equal.
returns a string representation of the given flags.
formats the given object to a string.
prints the current indention.
adds a fake view to the view list.
compiles a list of projects.
prints the contacts information to the panel.
resolves this promise with the given result.
adjusts the name and position of the given node.
create a new unity snapshot.
saves the configuration to a file.
returns the number of elements in a list that match the given delimiter.
builds a uri from the url pieces.
disposes a surface from the ogl.
writes the kanji resource file.
creates a new scannerexception with the specified error messages.
renders the normals of the cube.
looks for resources of the given type.
calculates the y - value of each entry in the list.
decrements the ledger by the given amount.
returns the number of nodes in the list.
find a tcp connection by thread id.
estimate a uniform distribution.
reads a repository meta data from the given stream.
returns true if the given xml datatype is a primitive datatype.
appends a line to the end of the list.
this method is called after the database has been created.
returns true if the set contains the node s.
persists a new temp file.
adds the given byte array to the write set.
loads the given unit.
process a worker exit.
writes the compressed data to the output stream.
frees the specified object.
returns true if the given binding exists for the given key.
creates a new internal service.
checks the index of a directory.
creates a new taggedoutputstream.
builds a list of messages.
stores short value into local variable.
returns a hash of the given byte array.
creates a new fsm from the given url.
adds a key - value pair to the trie.
makes this object immutable.
returns the native path of the specified library.
removes a component listener.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns true if the given text is null or empty.
asserts that the given message is a valid encoded message.
returns true if the given term is indexable.
send a response to the server.
decodes the given string using the given encoding.
waits for a shutdown signal.
adds a connection to the list of connections.
computes the distance between this point and the given point.
convert a string to an integer.
adds an item to the chain.
update the state view.
this method is used to run the event loop.
returns a list of all keys in the cache.
creates a new dialogue recorder.
generates a unique future id.
reschedules the alarms that have been missed.
adds the given name to the list of names.
perform an asynchronous min operation.
sets the current state to the given new state.
returns a string representation of the given date.
adds a new test to the list.
swaps two elements in the list.
builds the ipt data.
performs an action within this closeable, releasing all resources that are returned by the closure.
returns true if actualstring matches patterns, false otherwise.
adds a new server to the cluster.
adds a leaf to the catalog.
returns a string representation of the given time stamp.
sets the request content length.
draws the glow to the given canvas.
perform a lun modify operation on a resource.
replaces all occurrences of the specified character sequence with the specified replacement.
deletes the contents of the directory.
returns true if the given concept is similar to this concept.
creates a new google analytics tracker.
adds the given tuple to the list of tuples.
adds a song to the list of songs.
query the children of a named element.
emits a map put method.
returns true if the specified object is equal to this object.
returns a string representation of the show.
parses the event text and returns a list of events.
removes the given listener from the list of listeners.
replaces the string at the specified position in this builder.
adds a permission to a file or directory.
runs the timeout task.
learns a new entity.
returns true if the given signature is a valid type signature.
remainder of division of two numbers of different signs.
returns true if the given group has any visible children.
check that the type references are valid.
randomizes the incoming weights.
save the pixels in the buffer as an image.
checks if the given file is valid.
removes a class from the list of src classes.
updates the min and max values.
closes the current token and appends the given bracket.
appends the given byte array to the end of the buffer.
check if there is enough space on the phone.
called when the cancel button is pressed.
adds an attribute to the list of attributes.
convert a string to a string.
returns a string representation of this object.
record a dialogue state.
write a portion of a character sequence.
creates a new wps connection.
verifies that the zip file is valid.
cleans up any connections that have been idle for a given time.
creates a new instance of stateinfo.
compares two objects.
generates a random seed for the process.
return true if we need to check if we need to exclude the file.
decodes a hex string into a byte array.
creates a list of user namespace authorizations from a list of user namespace authorization entities.
read the data header.
draws the text at the specified location.
compares two percent objects.
returns a clone of this test.
returns true if point p is outside pref size.
adds a source folder to the list of folders to scan.
returns a workflow. method for suspend srdf.
calculates the m - value for the given delta.
creates a server socket with the specified port and bind address.
prints a portion of a byte array.
delete a native id.
find the index of the keyvalue comment that starts with the targeted key.
returns true if the cookie is expired.
returns true if add - to - home intent is supported.
creates a new instance of this class.
creates a new classannotator object.
returns the next value in the generator.
adds the content to the cache.
parses a title string.
returns a string representation of the selection.
calculates the excitatory ratio.
notify all registered listeners that a repository has been removed.
inserts a new element into the priority queue.
instantiates a new message.
wrap a Linux command in a string.
parses a sql query into a dml query.
returns the index of the given element in the given level.
returns the number of attributes.
consumes a tag name from the queue.
deep sort a set of feature vectors.
removes all listeners from the list.
decrypts the given hex string.
returns the l - norm of y [ l ] and r [ l ].
recursively adds all clusters in a cluster to a hull.
this method is called when an attribute is updated.
decodes the given data to a file.
evicts all entries from the pool.
generates a random population of the given size.
creates a new session.
returns a list of visitantes.
asserts that all values from tbl1 are equal.
appends a character to this writer.
inserts all instructions in the given list before the given instruction.
creates a new instance of builder.
returns the number of elements in the array.
this method is called when the product is unprocessed.
pop an array of values from the top of this stack.
prints a frame number.
deletes the attribute value.
push a new elemattributeset onto the stack.
finish the scroll stacks.
adds a range that is unbounded from the given value.
sends a response to the http servlet.
replaces all occurrences of a character in a string.
returns the text of the current scan position.
canonicalizes the given path using the given prefix.
creates a new in memory message exchange store.
call next ( ) on the current thread.
draws a bitmap with a stroke.
get the mqtt device.
start collecting locking.
reads an object override from the input stream.
convert pixels to meters.
adds a character to the buffer.
computes the length of a vector.
creates a new cache.
creates a new attribute list panel.
this class cannot be instantiated.
removes the given photo from the list of photos.
performs a binary search for the specified element in the specified sorted array and returns the index of the
computes the best score for a read block.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list in proper sequence.
adds the given failure to the list of failures.
dumps the current state of the stack.
creates a set of categories from a set of strings.
loads the listener with the given key.
uploads a file to the ftp server.
creates a ssl connection to the given socket.
formats a node into a string.
unregisters the given mbean interface.
writes the exif data to a jpeg stream.
sorts the objects according to the specified comparator.
returns true if the disk access exception caused by a region destroyed exception.
adds a string to the end of the array.
creates a new instance of variablesargumentsbundle.
sets up the camera parameters.
reads all available users from the given cursor and returns them as a list.
convert a string to a date.
creates a dom document from an input stream.
returns a string representation of this object.
resets the count of messages.
schedules a task at a fixed rate.
decodes the realm attribute value.
copy the given assets file to the given file.
returns true if the specified object is the same as this object.
returns the next value up to the given value.
returns the three - way distance between two keys.
discards whitespace from a byte array.
creates a new async selector.
removes the child at the specified index from this list.
splits two texts using bisect.
paints the given painter with the given transform.
load a directory and its sub - directories.
returns true if the throwable is suppressed by the given class.
write a variable length long.
updates the digest with the given byte.
writes the contents of this queue to the stream.
check if the initiator is a rp initiator.
returns a collection of serialmessage objects that can be used to initialize this object.
reads a dml configuration file.
associates the specified integer with the specified key in this dictionary with the specified value.
combines multiple reads into a single string array.
returns true if the device is retina.
prints a string representation of an object to the output stream.
creates a new activityresolveinfo object.
[ < rn >, + / - < rm >, lsr # < rm >
appends the end of the formals list.
returns true if the current position is a seperator.
extracts the project name from the uri.
adds a reference to the list.
resets the notes to their initial state.
adds a require property.
detects and adds a new hit to the pattern.
creates a new head rule.
or for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
submits a task to the queue.
subtract two numbers of different scales using mathcontext.
allocates an xsqlda for the given row descriptor.
overwrites the value in the vector with the given value.
returns true if the string is empty.
add a scroll listener.
returns the callbacks associated with the given callbacks or null if none.
begin update memory used.
translates a java2d point.
updates the traffic projections.
log a stack trace at the specified level.
reads a single character from this reader and writes it to the branch.
decodes the given bcd value.
draws the background of the gauge.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
adds the given layouteditor to the list of panels.
triggers the wildcard expander.
creates a new ip interface.
collects all edit proposals applicable to the selected view.
constructs a new extension query.
ensures that the specified namespace exists in the repository.
creates a new map with the given keys and values.
test the filtered classifier.
returns the first character of a string.
chooses a random index based on the given proportion array.
check the width of a rectangle.
group siblings of a list of components.
count non - newline characters in a string.
converts a span to a sparse grid.
compares two rules for equality.
returns a description of the symbol, exchange, exchange, expiry, and right combination.
adds a claimed signer role.
write a map to a stream.
sleeps for the specified number of milliseconds.
restores the previous out and err streams.
creates a crt from a list of congs and moduli.
determines the height of this view.
puts a byte array into this byte vector.
waits for a task completion.
creates a new action with the given content and priority.
tries to find all the islands that are surrounding the given chunk.
insert function 2 into bytebuffer.
calculates the gap between two rectangles.
moves the cursor to the next tile.
returns true if there is a myomer booster.
checks if an intent is available for the given action.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # wrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs, int
sends a http connect request to the server.
returns true if the given certificate is self - signed.
this method calls proc insertuserroles and adds a new record in the database.
returns the set of words that are nearest to the given start token.
creates a new derutc object.
adds a new category, titles and values to the list of categories and values.
resets the current parameter list to its initial value.
merges a list of intervals into one list.
formats the given type rep into a string.
calculates the sha - 1 hash of the given key store.
pans the domain axes in the specified range.
this method initializes the controller.
creates an icon label for the given check box.
closes the window.
removes the entry with the given alias from this keystore.
creates a new disjoint set with the specified number of elements.
prints the clusters to the given output stream.
adds a command to the gui.
removes the value at the specified index from the list of categories.
creates a new multivaluetokenstream from the given content.
check the trace of a polyline.
deletes a file or folder.
expands the given array into a new array with the given buffer size.
encodes a double value using the specified number of bits.
skips n bytes from the input stream.
creates a new lock file.
handles save profile request.
returns the value associated with the specified key.
handle a swfloadedevent.
quick reply to popup.
write a byte array to the file.
returns true if the configuration has changed.
fixes the compatibility between the two views.
binds a list of socket addresses.
substitutes the callback's header with the given header.
creates a new service with the specified timetable.
removes the specified object from the list.
sets the allowed users predicate.
find a distributed device with the given name.
reads a copystate from the input stream.
notify all tasks that have been completed.
creates a new requestparams object.
confirms the overwrite of a file.
instantiates a new tv show update datasource task.
finds the last line that starts at the given offset.
clears the sensor selection.
creates a new non movable array with the given component type and length.
recursively load a file recursively.
assure the proxy is ok.
adds a message to the end of the list.
constructs a key from the given hash.
concatenates an array of ints into one array.
computes the road permission for a comparision.
reads a byte array from the stream.
returns the size of a chunk.
returns the tip text for this property.
joins the given ids with the given class and alias.
closes the file.
show a list of interfaces.
clears the list of data lists.
make an edge between two vertices.
sorts the given list of sequences in ascending order.
associate the specified value with the specified key.
recursively lists all files in a directory.
returns the shape for an edge.
disposes this object, releasing any resources associated with it.
tests the scenario with the given parameters.
creates the reserve disk cache directory.
returns true if the resource has been called with the given name.
calls the super method and reads the contents of this entry from the specified input stream.
creates a new instance of objidmap.
adds an or clause to the criteria.
creates a new failover connection pool.
creates a new printf format with the default locale.
initialize the cause of a throwable.
constructs a messagepropertykey with the specified description and ordinal.
adds a waiter to the tail of the queue.
asserts that the given set is bounded.
paints the border of the specified component.
restores a checkpoint from a byte array.
reads a class from the given inputstream.
returns true if the given hci is supported by the server.
constructs a new debugger template.
convert a shape chart to a screen shape.
adds the given window to the list of windows to be closed.
creates a new instance of performancelogger.
authenticates a list of discoveries.
constructs a hash from a hex string.
diffs a half - match of a longtext and a shorttext.
checks if the given pin is a numerical run.
returns the type of the given uri.
adds a glue to the given jb.
returns true if the string is a resource reference.
leave the zoo. waits for all children to be removed.
returns an enumeration describing the members of this principal.
adds a property with the given as - provided name.
adds an interface to the constant pool.
cut a string from the first index of a string.
gets the data from the registry.
iterator ( ) method testing.
initialize the remote authenticateduser.
invokes the finalize method on the given object.
removes the tv show.
check encrypt policy.
returns true if the given object is an instance of the given class.
inserts the specified element at the specified location in this list.
caches the response age.
returns the index of the first element in an array.
invalidate all switch points.
create a vdcconfig object from the passed in properties.
creates a new osx proxy object.
computes the prediction for the given instance.
finish the wizard with the given settings.
returns true if the given attachment point is valid.
fire a cluster change event.
creates a new batchedimagerequest.
returns the color of the specified pixel.
checks to see if the given character array is a carry of the given character.
adds a bottom component to the bottom panel.
deletes all files in a set of directories.
creates a temporary directory if it does not already exist.
emits the init variable.
reads the cookie name from the request header.
merges this repository with another one.
translates a string to a byte array.
creates a byte array for a preview of the given size.
adds a box at the specified position.
creates a new position at the given offset.
pads the given string with the given number of characters.
resets the dtx and invdtx.
adds an activity listener.
adds a muted username to the database.
parses the network response and returns a bitmap object.
sets the cursor to the left and right of the componentorientation.
returns true if the list is empty.
closes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
creates a new parcelableadapter instance.
generate a random number of bytes from a byte array.
draws the low far - out area of the circle.
returns true if this class is a java library class.
returns a set of objectnames from a list of namedobjects.
checks if the touch slop of the given view is valid.
create an element that represents an end point.
returns a string representation of this object.
test where each comparison locks multiple resources.
the start of an element.
returns a copy of the buffer as a byte array.
converts a string value to a calendar object.
convert a bitmap to a byte array.
save a template to a file.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
adds a composite transform tree node.
postprocesswater, postprocesswater, postprocesswater, postprocesswater, postprocesswater
expands a string into a 2 - digit number.
returns the index within the given string of the first occurrence of the specified character in the specified buffer
creates a new factory.
returns true if the frontier is empty.
returns true if the slider is enabled.
returns the variance of the array x.
stashes the user in the database.
send a list of locations to the server.
serializes a text node.
returns true if the visualposition is inside a soft - wrap.
returns true if the world is valid.
removes all of the elements from this list.
returns the next position in the list.
grows the prio at the current position.
flushes the buffer to the given offset.
generates the label for the section of the pie dataset.
remove a graph listener.
fades in the view.
executes a command with the given description.
increments the text at the specified offset.
creates a serviceconfiguration from an input stream.
splits the given sentence into words.
returns true if the list of actions is empty.
adds a string to the dictionary.
returns a deep copy of the given array.
checks if the given identifier is a tag.
waits for a message to arrive.
constructs a date object from a string.
copy a file or directory.
creates a new mapobjects object.
reads a number of bytes from the input stream.
encodes a string using the default character set.
tests comparison of number of attributes.
creates a new inspacepredicate with the given values.
deletes a file or directory.
prepares the sort key statements.
returns a string representation of the experimenter.
prints the magnitudes of the system.
creates a curator framework client.
adds a description for the cv numbers.
reads characters until the end of the string is reached.
converts the from attribute set to htm attribute set.
closes this reader and releases any system resources associated with this reader.
updates the total amount.
test creation of unique attributes.
evaluates the expression and returns it as a string.
reads dex data from the given file.
adds an animatorupdatelistener to the list of listeners that will be notified when the animation is
run a commercial on the specified channel.
adds a sub - tree to this node.
generates a forget statement for a while statement.
returns the igamma function.
initialize the active slots list.
convert action type to intent string.
hides a hidden key.
removes the mqtt token from the map.
returns true if the given array of types is an explicit type.
reads until the given delimiter is found.
creates a new config object.
returns true if this node is a leaf.
returns true if the given text is a valid character sequence.
interrupts the given thread.
writes the attributes of this attribute set to a stream.
creates a border layout container for the east component.
this method is used to perform the actual putall operation.
load the layout from a file.
track a file to the tracker.
converts the separators of a path to a unix path.
returns true if the parameter with the given name exists.
adds the given window id to the list of windows for free memory.
returns true if the given identifier is a sq reserved identifier.
sorts the specified list using the specified comparator.
writes the commit time to the journal.
returns true if the append task name is set.
convert a string to a string.
creates a new cache entry with the given data.
returns the maximum value in the array.
returns true if the given line is a start element.
read a 64 - bit long.
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
extracts the access key from a s3 uri.
performs a single transaction.
adds a boolean value to the list.
copies the contents of the specified source object to the specified destination object, except for the specified element
creates a new site monitor.
returns a set containing the union of the two ips.
returns the vertex with the given id.
adds the given value to the current atomicvalue and returns the new value.
starts a new mon.
returns the norm of this vector.
p ( ypred [ ] [ ], ypred [ ], ypred [ ] )
writes the binary representation of this entry to the given cs.
creates a new closeable animated bitmap.
reads an xwaves label file.
adds the given converter to this set.
parses the xml document.
truncates a map to a new one.
dumps the index to the logger.
compares the given jdiff parameter with the given type.
random number in an array.
escapes json characters in the given string.
writes the contents of this buffer to the given output stream.
checks the headings hierarchy.
returns an iterator over the elements in this list.
called when the mouse wheel is moved.
asserts that the given function is equal to the given inputs.
returns true if this imf is equivalent to the other imf.
load the workspace screens databases.
renders the output of the given node.
returns a string representation of the given string.
multiply this matrix by the given scale values.
change the state of the view.
returns a buffer that contains the segments of the given geometry, starting at the given distance.
record the end time of the request.
returns true if the user is accessible to kibana.
removes all of the mappings from this map.
returns the index of the given type.
load the xml from the specified file.
returns a string representation of the given parameter.
calculates the grid sizes.
flushes this journal entry.
expands the shared names of the shared names.
adds a request property.
sets the client address to be updated.
checks if is org level only.
returns the value of decremented as runnable.
this method is called when an action occurs.
serializes the given object to a byte array.
resolves the module pointer for the given name.
adds a certstore to the list of certstores.
creates a new loader with the specified nar working directory.
returns the current block.
substitutes the given types with the given substitution.
check if the motion event is scrolling.
tests whether a single filter is correctly merged into a document with the same filter.
creates a new edge with the given source symbol and destination symbol.
generates the instruction to push the top stack value on the stack.
creates an extended text label.
right pads the string to the given length with the given filling character.
returns true if the given feature is supported by the given version.
removes all of the mappings from this map.
read a quoted descriptor from the given substring reader.
returns a csv string representation of the predicted classes.
subtract two numbers of different signs.
assigns an id value to a data object.
writes a swapped integer to the output stream.
returns true if the connection is open.
perform a find operation.
returns a string representation of the soap element.
closes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with it.
initializes the camera manager if it hasn't been initialized yet.
returns true if the two objects are equal.
writes a boolean to the output stream.
train a set of files.
test for finding spring open ldap with limit.
creates a new printf format with the default locale.
computes the pythag distance between two points.
writes a 32 bit integer to the output stream.
queues a cube load.
returns true if the object is available from, to, and before and after the given date.
called when a button has been clicked.
returns the largest message id.
remove a change listener.
returns a copy of the current request log.
decodes a url encoded string.
test for getting all the tables in the database.
adds the specified collection at the end of the array.
resets the current file list.
initializes the compose state.
creates tool bars for the given application.
parses the given string as a date.
creates a new regular expression filter.
executes the given sql statement.
write a byte array to the output stream.
encodes the given string using the url encoding.
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation.
parses a string as a float.
creates a new instance of the given class.
request the password for the user via link.
force the memory to be out of memory.
adds an entry to the cache.
computes the enlargement scaled by the given scale.
computes the intersection of two clips.
returns true if this object can be accessed as an integer.
adds a condition to the queue.
clears the internal state of this object.
strips the banned codeunits from the given string.
asserts that two strings are equal.
prints a warning message and the stack trace.
returns the full form of the given string.
clears the password expiration warned time.
strips the language, country, variant from the given locale.
appends a time zone to the buffer.
removes all listeners from this bean.
pads the given string with the given amount of characters left.
show the current scores.
writes the specified character sequence to the specified file using the default encoding.
computes the kernel value for a given number of characters.
opens a new h2 connection.
emits a clear field.
clears the list of coordinates and clears the enabled flag.
adds an input method listener.
adds a fixed view to the footer.
loads the user class from the given url.
adds a document to the output.
adds the given command class to the list of aliases.
writes the auto increment statement for the given column.
adds the pusher app id, url, and base file to the shared preferences.
writes the block light.
executes the query and returns the result as a string.
returns the next token matching the given pattern.
adds a new duration to the list.
paints the background of the control.
adds default values for an attribute to a service schema.
encodes a product into a string.
returns true if the metadata has been modified since the last publication.
sets the list of resource dirs.
make a genericstype from a class node.
push an import url onto the stack.
returns a string representation of the given results.
sorts the test tree.
adds a collection of events to an array.
adds a marker to the list of markers.
replaces all occurrences of a with b.
reflect the member variables in the final button.
wsptypedecoder test for wsptypedecoder.
removes all actions and constraints from the list.
checks if the given file is writable.
instantiates a new gm publishing priority.
validates the relyingparty entity id.
rotates the z axis by the given angle.
start a service host factory.
wakes the out flow.
calculates the number of columns of a character.
creates a new optional with the given value.
instantiates a new kafkamessagelistenercontainer.
deletes an entry from the keystore.
returns a string representation of the given matcher.
translates this line by the specified vector.
rejects the given command.
calculates the margin of the menu.
add a pending ram to the list of pending rams.
creates a list of colors from a resource.
tests whether a configuration file property is correctly set.
returns the salt of the header.
adds a projector listener.
selects the next tuple expression.
write a bcd number to an outputstream.
adds a message to the history.
starts the executor for the given container.
convert a string to a date.
accept the log entries.
loads the latest extension versions from the registry.
serializes the start of a node.
clearbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
compareto ( bigdecimal a ).
read a single character.
cancels the auto completion.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
sets the client service proxy host name.
verifies that all setter methods are set.
removes the element at the tail of the queue.
returns a random number between whole and decimal.
resets the list of text box indexes except the list of excluded text boxes.
learns a new entity.
returns the level zero data.
show the version of the device.
count the number of occurrences of a character in a string.
adds the given color to the given imageicon.
reads all bytes from the input stream and returns them as a byte array.
searches for the target string starting with the given string.
validate the rebalance order of all cache configurations.
executes the player and starts the loop.
removes the given variable from the list of environment variables.
calculates the score for a given score threshold.
returns the last scope in the stack.
issigned ( int ) method testing.
returns the index of the last separator in the given filename.
check if a point is in a view.
unrolls the type arguments in the given bounds.
deletes the quota with the given id.
creates a basic auth header.
adds an entry to the extent model.
check if the cache is cached.
reads the given xml file.
returns true if all permissions are granted.
executes the given event.
send the next message over network.
adds the given field to the list of attributes that should be used as an attribute for this
returns true if the given token is a session token.
computes the root means squared error.
writes the seqid and cell blocks to the given bytebuffer.
create acc detail map.
rotates the given subtree to the right.
updates the radio links.
updates the statistics with the given value.
draws a series on the canvas.
checks a class signature.
selects a cardlet aid from the fidesmo.
adds a root entry.
create a source from a url.
tests whether a single servlet is correctly merged into a document with another servlet.
extracts a re from the input.
called when the finalizers are exited.
adds a result to the search results map.
registers a batch fix.
creates the file for the given entry.
runs the test case.
start the xml document.
dumps the window hierarchy.
registers a rule changes observer.
send update heartbeats to bartender.
serializes the message to the output stream.
initializes the ssl engine.
creates a new get buffered random access source.
creates a new command line parser.
setbit ( int n ) of a positive number.
saves a model to a file.
sorts and collapses the spans.
splits a range of dbids randomly.
returns the given path with the given prefix removed.
publish a message to the client.
removes the given element from the list of children.
concats two streams into one.
checks if two strings are equal.
sets the force auth flag.
fetches a user from the server.
this method is invoked when the service is stopped.
pushes a message onto the stack.
writes a byte array to a characteristic.
returns the link for the given message element.
reads the contents of a file and transforms them using the given transformer.
removes the given element from the list of elements.
send a stream of bytes to the server.
sorts the broker items according to the given sort type.
return true if we need to escape xml.
updates the path constraints for the given chromosome.
tests that a single index has no data.
returns true if the given class loader is a grid deployment info.
removes the sub trailers from the decoded subject.
returns the next source.
convert a bitmap to a byte array.
inflates the given name using the gprefix prefix.
adds a priority handler.
prints a string to the stream, encoded as utf - 8.
writes an attribute value.
convert naming attributes to syntax description.
writes the contents of this connection to the given buffer.
skip a member value.
recursively joins all nested streams of the given lookup event.
generates the minimal mat for a matrix.
take a request from the queue.
converts a location to a column.
finds all files in the given directory that match the given filter.
generate the drop table name.
registers all child listeners.
returns true if the stack scroll is out of bounds.
reduces the instructions in the stack.
returns true if this node is locked locally.
tries to move the current position to the given delta y.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
deletes the left word.
returns the cumulative probability density function of the given value.
reads data from a file continuously.
generates the native guid for storage port based on source instance system name and port network id.
returns true if the given paths are contiguous.
creates a new faststringreader.
adds a field to the query.
returns a string representation of the current date in the given format.
initializes the stream buffer size.
registers a sensor with the sensor manager.
converts a string to a number, using the given default value provider.
sample the sum of the values in the counter.
apply a replacement to a json string.
constructs a key object from the given principal and password.
returns a string representation of the compatibility state.
process a list of packages.
checks if the given direction and facing are the same.
parses the given path.
record a variable declaration.
reads the metadata from the file and checks that the version of the file does not match.
returns true if the given media type is supported.
export the dependencies to a file.
fix the signature to make sure it's not null or empty.
check if network is available.
returns a random regexpish string.
creates and returns the list of expected partition value entities.
returns a string representation of this object.
registers a new low memory watcher.
write the message to the data output.
extracts a soft reference from an object.
formats a long value.
removes the given component from the contributed list.
copy a page from the file to the output stream.
writes a portion of an array of bytes.
asserts that the backup status is consistent with the backup status.
this method is called when a metadata error occurs on a tenant.
checks if the current state is one of the given states.
sorts the list of movies.
creates a new keyvaluelistparser.
poll the stats broker for the given destination.
make a file acceptable.
returns true if the edge intersects the given cell boundary.
updates the location and altitude of the overlay.
returns the js type name for the given type reference.
creates a new state machine.
disposes this object, releasing any resources associated with it.
this method is used to convert the object to an appropriate representation.
returns a path for the right side of a triangle.
find a terminal by its name.
creates a new layout block.
modifies the options with the given values.
escapes the given regular expression.
constructs a new buffer containing the contents of the specified string.
updates the visibility of the promo.
constructs a valuegeometry from bytes and geometry.
flush the new pts map and flush the new pts.
check if the file exists.
adds the statements to the list of statements that should be restored.
shows the gui for the given image.
this method is called by the framework when the framework is initialized.
walks the file tree and returns the path.
sets the baseline size of all the springs in the layout.
read an integer from a json array.
adds a property change listener.
removes a preference from the list of dependents.
validates the storage policy selection.
returns a string representation of the cluster tree.
converts a collection of primitives to an array of primitives.
returns a gradleexception with the given formatter and the given list of problems.
label the distances of the given hypergraph to the given root.
returns the position of the line.
adds a frequency to the frequency list.
parses a header element from a string.
returns a list of intervals for the given interval and time grain.
returns true if the type is a gerund verb.
called when an error occurs.
creates a new request object.
runs the test case.
downloads the tlog files.
reads the file attributes for a given file handle.
add all participants to the replay.
creates a palette for a checkbox.
assigns the probability of the given models to the given cluster.
converts a uri to a string.
creates a new kernel with the given values.
initialize the work list.
called before the model is linked to the union.
adds a file to the file system.
called when a tree is expanded.
returns true if the specified object is in the source.
returns true if the version of v1 matches v2.
called when a connection failed to close the url.
this method is called when a schema complex type is encountered.
pushes an annotators ref onto the stack.
returns the version number of the server.
sequence a query into the index.
expunge stale entries from the table.
returns the rest of a list.
creates a list of integers from a list of integers.
closes all windows.
find and undo a map bean.
recalculates the estimated completion date.
adds a document type.
returns true if the given table exists in the database.
runs the test case.
finds the next token in the token array, or null if none.
performs all tasks in the given gl.
computes the hpd of a given proportion.
check if directories exist in disk store.
adds a port to the already allocated context.
convert to utf - 8.
writes a list of longs.
returns true if the attribute is defined.
show a preloading stage.
removes all of the mappings from this map.
removes the specified key from this map.
test copy of a stream with a full block.
runs the test case.
converts an ip address string to a byte array.
reply a message to the server.
adds the hawkular tenant headers to the http request.
adds a long selection listener.
prints a newline to the output stream.
returns a string representation of the capabilities.
creates a new debug object for the given client id and client comms.
alters the case of the given string.
returns true if an ack is required.
returns a string representation of this vector.
adds a reporter to the icon.
draws the selection rectangle.
creates a new conversion exception with the specified cause.
returns true if the initiator has connectivity to all storage systems.
constructs a derivation for a marked node.
plus ( mathcontext ) for a positive bigdecimal.
test negative number of radix 24.
convert an or expression to a c.
creates a new display panel with the given title.
constructs a jsonreader from a reader.
compresses the binary standard output.
adds a tokenizer to the builder.
computes the azimuth label offset.
adds a resource bundle to the list of defaults.
called when the display has changed.
extracts the methods from the given class.
update the server address.
removes the item at the specified position.
returns a random enemy.
returns true if the given block is a valid route to the given destination.
sort the list of storage pools according to the port metrics.
add a collection of overlays to the group.
creates a resource for the given path.
returns true if the current version is older than leopard.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
escapes xml content escapes.
feeds the input vector forward.
finds the file with the given name in the given directory.
compares the results of a control client with a cloud client.
gets the elements of the xml document that match the xpath expression.
create a new context from the current gl.
collapses all rows in the tree.
queue cape replacement for a client.
removes a vetoable change listener.
creates a new stream throughput object.
parses the command arguments.
edits a bookmark.
convert a range of characters from utf - 32 to string.
creates the bounds of the combo box.
record a pattern in a bit array.
finds a method with a list of parameters.
returns the first illegal character in the string.
decodes a byte buffer into a character buffer.
this method is called when a new clock is started.
adds a creature to the list of respawn points.
load org access role from database.
java. text. jsonparser # parsebytes ( java. text. byte [ ] src )
generates a certificate from an inputstream.
returns a string representation of the given value.
generates a list of periods representing the rolling periods.
returns the counter for the given key.
adds a message to a uri.
runs the test case.
sets the mode of the engine.
removes stale entries from the list.
this method is used to run the analysis of a resource.
support for reporting bound property changes for bean context child support.
this method is called when a full backup is received.
removes a tab from the list of connections.
paints the range rings.
convert separators to windows.
translates the input buffer and appends it to the output buffer.
optimizes the trie by removing any gaps from the original trie.
installs the after handler.
try to shut down the connection.
creates a new storage entity with the given attributes.
display an info line.
formats the console using the specified format and arguments.
java. security. signerstub # signerstring, java. security. identityscope, java.
invokes a static method on a class.
creates a new instance with the given pattern, case sensitive, confidence and case insensitive.
removes the loop from the beginning of the graph.
binds an item to the data bound view holder.
add two numbers of the same length.
adds a new value to the end of the list.
returns a date with the specified number of days before the specified date.
returns the number of elements in the cache that have been added to this cache.
calls the super method and writes the conservative approximation of the model to the specified
put the given data into the heap.
override paint ( graphics ) to paint the row.
adds a label and a field to the panel.
called when a track point is starting.
combines a list of byte arrays into a single byte array.
commits the given resources to the provider.
returns true if the grid can be spawned.
compares two id objects for equality.
returns true if the player ident is equal to compareto.
adds a name - value pair to the list of names and values.
returns a string with the header removed.
returns true if the given value is always non - null.
removes the item at the given position.
creates a new instance with the specified name.
returns true if the gesture has been consumed.
initialize the layer with the given nodes.
calculates the angle between two points.
fire a neuron moved event.
creates an x. 509 certificate from a byte array.
handle a selection change.
parses the terms ack data.
formats the given value using the given parameters.
sets the server name.
executes a count query.
derives the confidence value from the record count.
adds a solr parameter to the request.
create a data source from an input stream.
converts a string to a calendar object.
adds a new limitline to the end of the list.
read data from the input stream.
read a number of bytes from the buffer.
inflates the given array of bytes into the given array of bytes.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this queue, in proper sequence.
adds the legends to the canvas.
fetches the metadata for the given table.
returns a string representation of this object.
reads bytes from the underlying stream.
flushes the log records.
creates a new page creator buttons.
and for two positive numbers ; the first is longer.
creates new device specific workflow workflow for initiators.
compares two percent objects.
converts a key to an edge uri.
read a short from the dex file.
loads all projects from the database.
syllabify a string with allophones.
removes the node from the frontier.
returns true if the path is a file.
returns true if the specified object is equal to this instance.
creates a new instance of zookeeper embedded on the given port.
constructs a new basic condition.
reads stopwords from the given path.
returns a string representation of this article.
marks the barrier as broken.
filter a list of points according to the given tolerance.
send a log event to the client.
writes the stack traces of the given throwable to the given stream.
builds a new distributedlogmultistreamwriter.
converts a number to a string.
instantiates a new imageelement.
creates a new threadregisters object.
sets the configuration parameters for the launcher.
returns true if the button has been triggered.
inserts all of the elements in the specified array into this list, starting at the specified position
calculates the score for a given set of play counts.
removes a scanning callback.
paints a rectangle on the given graphics object.
sample the current value.
returns true if the given row is a page break.
shutdown the executor service.
returns true if the character is a proposition symbol identifier.
prints the matrix to standard output.
returns the index within this string of the first occurrence of the specified regular expression string.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
returns a string representation of the specified indices.
truncs the given string to the given length.
clears the transactions from the given height.
load the groovy script from the given arguments.
cleans the dirty region.
creates a new sort with the given fields.
returns true if the task was successfully completed.
start locating phone.
deletes the resource configuration file for the specified cluster.
creates a new bus movement.
removes the next entry from the list.
creates the gui and adds it to the panel.
generates a random float between the given limits.
creates a new instance of this class.
adds a tracer to the list of active tracers.
grows the array.
sets the damage to the specified value.
tests the case where a region is empty.
creates a new graph.
trims the api version from the version string.
query the inventory and return the result.
adds the raw score for the given interval.
read a file as a string using the specified encoding.
constructs a new em bayes estimator editor.
save data to disk.
write a map to an xmlserializer.
returns true if the key at the given index needs preloading.
generates a random challenge token.
performs all basic blocks in the container.
run a task with retries.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list that are contained in this list.
removes a request from the queue.
called when the heatmap has failed.
inflates the drawable with the given id.
returns the offset in bytes of an object field.
adds an annotation to the matrix.
writes the given byte array to the file.
concatenates the given iv with the given cipher text.
sets the timestamp to the given value.
creates a new material package with the given material package and generic tracks.
returns the edge that is in the same direction as p0 and p1.
acquires the probabilities for the given string.
resolves the given health issue.
decodes a string into a byte array.
test whether a user / password combination is available.
adds a new value to the aggregation.
returns true if the given entity name is an unparsed entity.
flushes the output stream.
encodes the given text using the default url encoding.
called when a focus event is received.
adds a request property.
executes the given task.
serializes the given value to a bytebuffer.
loads all submissions from the user list.
returns true if the given bit is a valid bit value.
returns the next record in the file.
computes the component of two numbers.
writes the contents of this buffer to the given output stream.
removes a treemodellistener from this tree model.
creates a new uri with the specified name.
adds a view to the stream.
reads bytes from the recorder into the buffer.
clears the candies store.
returns a hash code value for the given object.
adds a parse template.
attach an image to the camera.
returns the minimum of two values ignoring na - n.
this method is called before the service is registered.
tries to match the given string against the given enum.
returns the source form for an initializer.
creates a new bytebuffer with the given capacity.
adds the specified value to the end of the range.
validates a collection attribute.
inserts a string into the buffer without null.
handle an external entity decl.
sets the holt winters alpha value.
creates a class descriptor from a field signature.
validates a getnfcserviceticketresponse object, raising an exception if the response reflects an
schedules the given task with the given delay.
draws a filled ellipse in the current graphics state.
swaps the current cursor with the given one.
locks the flushing thread.
returns true if the given class can be randomized.
generates a native guid for the given device type and serial number.
constructs a secretkey from a string.
creates a writable child raster.
sorts the children of the given parent node.
returns a uniform integer from the poisson distribution.
returns true if the sound is available for the given sound identifier.
iterate over the serializers.
checks that the given key is valid.
returns true if the server is shutting down.
this method is called by the framework when the framework is initialized.
draws an arc on the canvas.
formats a date using the specified format and time zone.
decodes an array of bytes.
creates a new messagedigest with the specified algorithm.
merges two arrays into one.
copy the access control levels to the other list.
adds the specified content length to the specified byte buffer.
handle avs response.
request the follower information for the given stream.
removes a view from the list if it is hidden.
consumes an identifier from the queue.
test populate1kbwrites ( byte [ ] value, int opcount ).
serializes this test suite.
rollbacks the current transaction.
parses a geometry string.
write the data to the server.
returns the index within this vector of the last occurrence of the specified element at the specified location.
returns true if undo can be performed.
calculates the destination for the given uxf.
called when a project is updated or created.
called when a mouse button is clicked.
updates the list of visible ids.
traverses the graph and stores this node in the given table.
show the previous notification.
calls the super method and writes the contents of this entry to the specified output stream.
adds the given node to the list of input nodes.
initialize the database with the given configuration.
registers an object to be read from the stream.
adds an extension header to the map.
merges values from the frame to the interpreter.
executes a keytool command.
smooths snap to the position of the target view.
updates the properties file with the test key and value 2.
unassigns a set of service names.
expands a cluster by adding a point to the list of seeds.
getfloatarrayelements : get all the elements of a float array.
prepares the available transfers.
output the full lines.
adds a new payment to the system.
registers all registered java namespaces.
removes all objects from the list.
deletes the display name.
creates a new type from the given ast and variable declaration.
deletes the contents of the directory.
wait for iterators to be cleared.
adds a lifecycle listener.
returns the index of the given full path.
destroys a volume.
returns a stack trace of the given points.
validates the scaling of an app.
converts a number of megabytes to a long.
generates a clone name for a zoneset.
write the signature block to the output stream.
builds the select query.
show the dialog with the given animation.
returns true if the key is a uri key.
receive a number of bytes from the device.
adds anof to this channel.
send a byte array to the socket.
create a copyonwritearraylist from a collection.
converts an httpentity to a byte array.
adds a command line argument to the tail of the command line.
creates a new uri with the given namespace.
calculates the coef of a given variable.
deserializes an object from a file.
check if a segment name is a merged segment.
creates a cipher parameters from a pbe key specification.
adds a list of emojicon groups.
update the end time of the sample.
returns true if the given path should be included.
generates a list of mech summary for the given number of units.
concatenates two automatons.
invoked when the contents of the list have changed.
creates a new split from the given array of quantiles.
this method is used to convert the object given to an appropriate representation.
javax. net. ssl. sslssl # ssl ( inetaddress address, int host, int
converts the given user input into a relative path.
calculates the stamp of a resize operation.
reads a single byte from the input stream.
expands the hkdf using the given salt and info.
returns true if the given emote is ignored.
returns true if the property with the given name is allowed.
read a xml file.
create a zero number from an array of zero bytes.
accepts a file descriptor and returns the number of bytes accepted.
transcodes the given xml file.
report the progress of the download.
returns a new dom document.
sets the grain for the sas core.
handles add request handler request.
draws a data point.
chunk a set of bytes.
parses the meta data information.
finds the named field in the given instance.
creates a new ssl session from the given byte array.
adds the dump file.
formats a date by ordinal.
returns true if the specified page number is in the range of sequence starts and ends.
dispose of the service.
convert a collection of dimensionalitemobject to a list of dimensionalitemobject.
gets the aliases for this template request.
add a new table to the system catalog.
removes a listener from the configuration.
adds all views in mscrapviews to the given list.
this method is called when the window is opened.
schedules a task to be executed.
computes the hash code for two objects.
parses a vector string into a double array.
returns a string describing this object.
concats two streams into one.
this method is used to find all the elements in the iterator and initialize it.
decodes an xml element into a datasourceproperties object.
returns the next character in the document.
adjusts the row heights of the given table.
returns a list of volume ids for the given uris.
parses a string into an array of formatstrings.
updates the enabled state of the index column buttons.
returns a url for a poi.
waits for the decoding to finish.
convert wiki content to plain text.
updates the engine with the given byte array.
creates the packed params for the glyphlist.
executes a sql update.
returns true if this object is a lock subject.
returns a hash code for this object.
adds an action to the view.
display the given file.
stores a location in the shared preferences.
returns the value of the either operator.
checks if the specified object is equal to this list.
returns a string representation of the given json row.
remove a table from the database.
returns true if the bug contains the given category.
returns true if the passed volume is a source volume.
asserts that two models are equal.
check if user login permission is granted.
succeed ( ) method testing.
this method is called after explanation has been received.
pauses the thread with the given duration.
prints a string followed by a newline.
read a portion of an array.
reads a single character.
callbooleanmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a boolean value.
returns true if the given variable name contains the rm variable.
creates a new project importer.
java. util. sortablelongtodouble # compare ( java. util. double [ ]
returns true if the given class is registered in the registry.
loads the class with the given name.
wait for operations to complete.
returns true if all components in the test geometry are in the target geometry.
creates an inner object from an xform post.
constructs a new endpoint with the specified security modes.
parses a value from the stream.
creates a new collection with the default time zone.
create a list from two elements.
allocates a new array of the specified size.
adds an attribute to the current object.
this method calls fileservice.
fills the given ellipse array with the given color and translucency factor.
zooms the domain axes according to the specified factor.
refresh due challenge counts.
creates a new identity with the given dimension.
convert a awt image to a swt image.
returns true if the strength policy is available, false otherwise.
returns the number of rsslim fields.
adds the totals in the given layout.
fills the stack trace with the given elements.
returns true if the file type is supported by the midi file writers.
makes this object immutable.
returns a random double.
creates a new instance of dsmanager.
compare and increment worker count.
make all items in the viewlist at the given finger position.
returns true if the given path is a windows path.
process an attribute string of type t_char into a character value.
adds a child element with the given name and value to the given element.
returns true if the segment is balanced.
parses the attributes from the xml document.
reads a binary file into a byte array.
streamapi method testing.
adds a split condition.
this method is called when the threshold is reached.
removes the specified index interval from the list.
rebuilds the list of active events.
returns a new instance of diskstorefactory.
deletes all subdirectories in the given directory.
adds a number of bytes to the buffer.
marks a rop reg as reserved for the given category.
register the default resolvers.
process an authentication response.
release the given byte array.
creates a new pipeline.
initialize the list of acceptable methods.
locks the given order.
put a rtp packet into the buffer.
write a string array to an xmlserializer.
unify the username by name.
creates a new instance of jdbcdata.
stores the current stack frame for the given exception.
instantiates a new elf instance.
reads data from the given url.
returns true if the current time is within the specified time.
initializes a random energy network.
convert a long to a kilobytes string.
creates a request pending intent.
returns true if the method is a static method.
test identity hash code.
unify the line separators of a string.
decrypts the given key using the given password and encrypted key.
sets the configurations for the given platforms.
fills the view from the selected items.
finds the named field in the given instance.
calculates the position of the break.
returns a new shapetile object that represents this simplex.
injects the given inject content into the temporary file.
returns true if the character sequence is null or empty.
creates a boolean setting from the settings map.
removes a listener from the list of listeners.
do a marshalled wrapper lookup.
generates a random key.
returns a copy of this vector.
deletes a file or directory.
initialize the regular expression pattern.
adds a new line to a file.
update the list of attachment points.
returns a list of softwraps starting from the specified offset.
formats a double in dps format.
truncates the given string to the given length.
returns a sortedset containing the elements of this set that are contained in the specified range.
check if the legion is disbanding.
adds a tuple to the index.
iterates from this number down to the given number, inclusive, decrementing by one each time
parses the dom element.
fully read a single byte from the input stream.
inserts a new fullscreeninfo into the given arraylist.
create an inputstream from a string.
adds an item to the adapter.
copy acls from one list to another list.
parses the resource list.
deletes all entitlements of a existing user.
adds signed properties to the xml document.
creates the channel selection for the given contrast method.
computes the mean of each element in the array.
returns the depth of this node.
perform a mrmw comparison.
import a file.
fetches the list of file cos ids.
adds a new task to the queue.
inserts a new node into the given parent node.
returns the sample max.
writes a list of lines to a file.
verifies that the given chunk index matches the given auth tag.
tries to guess the mime type from the given extension.
registers the given method binder.
parses the route file.
remove a dted directory handler.
adds a file to the provider.
reads the next token from the input stream.
splits the given vector of binds into a vector of binds.
creates a parcel file for the urbansim zone.
called when the dialog is reset.
adds a task to be delayed.
replaces all occurrences of a regular expression with a replacement string.
migrates all entities in the given migration.
captures a string that is different from the old string and stores it in the map.
called when a child thread resumes.
draws the labels on the x axis.
encodes the given byte array into a string.
returns true if the specified object is equal to this object.
creates a new instance of elsaserializer pojo.
loads the data from the given input stream.
returns true if the given type is a two - slot type.
adds the given sections to the specification.
consumes the next crlf character.
process the logout request and return the session id.
returns true if the specified object is " equal to " this one.
accept a file.
adds a list of option values to the command line.
checks if the activity is active.
starts the scan. this method is called when the scan is started.
returns true if the given url is a landing page.
writes the row count definitions to the given buffer.
send a string to the server.
initialize the tokenmgmt executor.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns a string representation of this bean.
gets the path from a file.
sign the content with the given key.
returns true if the next character in the buffer matches the given string.
deserializes an object from a byte array.
constructs a new interval impl.
checks if a key is true in a dictionary.
instantiates a new shoppingcartitem.
binds the given output stream to the current thread.
initializes the map layer.
returns the skew of a sample.
extracts a single span from the given spans.
called when the operator is finished.
returns true if there is a delay.
pushes a space handling attribute onto the stack.
closes the content when the positive value is reached.
creates a new inputstreamreader.
send a message to the specified consumer.
decodes the given message with the given extension and header.
reclassifies the given example.
returns a hash code value for this object.
returns a clone of this iterator.
this class cannot be instantiated.
returns true if the given keychain contains a private key.
adds the given byte array to the script.
sets the rotation angle in radians.
writes the user registry.
returns a string representation of the given double.
decodes a hanzi segment.
creates a record with the given name, address and metadata.
instantiates a new cpu.
lookups the audio data from the database.
adds a new condition to the condition list.
reads the remaining bytes from the given bytebuffer.
finds the package and class name from the input file.
prints a message and a throwable to standard output.
fetches the rp protected target.
creates a new nsfile from a file.
returns the cardinality of this bitset.
escapes the given literal.
creates a uri from a cookie.
log a message with info level.
adds the given value to the source list if it is not null.
creates a new dimageimage dialog.
generates a sprint message for the given long field.
replaces all occurrences of find with replace.
removes a listener from the list of listeners.
this method is called from the main thread.
clamps the given value to the given minimum and maximum values.
this method is used to convert the object value given to an appropriate representation.
returns the pred block index for the given source index.
creates a new lockablefilewriter.
appends the program description.
decodes a string into a byte array.
converts a location to a url.
parses a value from a string.
converts the given string to upper case.
updates the environment variable list.
make a class from a string.
notifies the timestamps to the gateways.
returns the next token that matches the given regular expression.
removes the given node from the list of nodes.
returns the content as a string.
executes the handshake request.
calculates the minimum value.
emits until the given number of bytes have been written.
rotates the x axis by the given angle.
tests whether the audit completed successfully.
scales a rect about the center of the center of the screen.
parses unprintable ext codes from a string.
determines the height of this view.
returns true if the uri is null.
updates the pending list.
limit the range of a range of values.
creates a new title.
returns true if the network is connected to the network.
deletes the item at the given position.
calculates the graident channel.
adds a startup listener.
closes the given selection key quietly.
this method is called by the task pool to create a new file.
creates a des key from a byte array.
checks if the given string is a valid type descriptor.
creates a new jsoutput object for the given module.
returns the text content of all the nodes.
adds a line to the list of lines.
constructs a new string from a stringbuffer.
returns the number of elements in this list.
executes the given command with the given environment and handler.
creates a new instance of libertymanagerclient.
checks if compliance attributes are enabled.
updates the zoning map for the unmanaged export mask.
returns the answer of the invitation.
computes the x - values for the x - values.
returns the number of components in this list.
round ( mathcontext ) for a positive bigdecimal.
omits less freqs.
returns the key selector of the given type.
generates a sorted map of tag names to tag values.
describe the detail of a shape.
shortens the classname of a string.
adds a graphic to the list of graphics.
returns a string representation of this object.
performs a single flip operation on the given target component.
adds a property to this restriction.
initialises a new google analytics instance.
called when the clock is moved.
creates a new id from the given input stream.
called when an element is consumed.
adds a finally block to the return list.
returns the next element in the stream, or false if none.
writes a collection of objects to a writer.
reads color table from raw data.
touch the last modified time.
adds a private key to the keystore.
returns true if the given file needs to be reloaded.
adds a repository request source.
disables the buttons.
returns true if the given string is a additive number.
write a string to the log.
add a port to the quarantine queue.
creates the dictionarysortinfo for the given dictionarysortmodels.
adds a feature to the polygon at the given index.
constructs a bitstring from a string.
sorts the individuals according to the given comparator.
writes the contents of this object to the specified writer.
creates a new safeasynctask with the default executor.
returns true if the given method is a cglib renamed method.
creates a new pwerror object.
union two arrays.
returns true if the current state of the window is a change.
this method is used to perform the actual processing of the given dtm.
returns the top n elements of the array.
grabs the class name from the signature.
creates a new time series delta set.
returns the number of nodes in the tree.
returns the next element in the list.
escapes characters in the given byte string.
repeats the input by the given number of times.
renames the class with the given names.
handles a button request.
creates a new ionexception with the specified cause and source of error message.
returns the distance between this node and another node.
this method is called when the task is done.
returns a list of challenges for this request.
converts a sslsession object to a byte array.
instantiates a new mersenne twister.
verify the timestamp of the certificate.
encrypts a password using a seed.
returns the number of rows.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
writes the checked message to a byte array.
reduces the size of the icon to the given width and height.
installs a sound with the given identifier.
count the number of pages filtered by the template fragments.
finds the first occurrence of the given name in the given table.
score a collection of tracks based on a search query.
returns the current time in milliseconds.
encodes the given latitude and longitude values into a byte array.
stores long value into object, volatile.
runs a list of commands.
draws a circle of radius r.
prints a double followed by a newline.
writes an integer to the output stream.
maps a byte sequence to a string.
adds a button pressed listener.
dispose of the service.
fills the xml attribute at the given index.
creates a property gui for the given property consumer.
copies the contents of the specified file to the specified output stream.
deserializes the header from the given data input.
runs the test case.
returns true if all permissions have been granted.
fetch charset from cache.
paints a single layer.
adds a control roll.
process add - on changes.
rederive the ui color.
returns a string representation of the given oid.
increments the idle count.
adds a cached span to the cache.
compares two uris for equality.
repaints the children of the panel.
validates the dns name.
read a comment from a string.
find the next character in the string, separator, and escape char, starting at the given index
tries to guess the content type for the given url.
extracts a csv string from a csv string.
connects to the log writer.
checks if the cache header is valid.
show the active ivr zoneset.
returns an empty immutablearray.
replaces the non - optional non - minus nodes with the given list of nodes.
returns a string representation of the accountable object.
returns a hash code value for this object.
deletes a type vertex with the given category.
reads the contents of a reader into a list.
adds a cachecontext to the cache.
returns true if the given annotatedmethod is a cglib get callbacks.
compares this media type to the specified one.
returns true if this dependency has been modified.
creates a new irreplaceable image element.
compares two fxg versions.
creates a new h2 data source.
find the locations for the given object.
scrolls the current item to the center of the screen.
adds the given meta object to the list of meta objects.
removes a word from the list of words.
add two negative numbers of the same length.
add a recent item to the menu.
invokeall ( new arraylistlist < callable < string > ) method testing.
adds a new configuration package.
closes the input stream.
create block mirror data.
starts the coap server.
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other list
this method is called when an exception occurs in the session.
clears the current result.
returns a string representation of the given collection.
returns the value between min and max.
replaces all occurrences of a string in a stringbuffer with another string.
lookups the qualselector node for the given value in the given array.
returns true if the frame with the given id is a multiple allowed frame.
parses the configuration from the given xml file.
creates a new rpf file.
post an event to the event queue.
chooses a server alias for the given key type and issuers.
process a bmp image.
creates a new pathhandler with the given path.
load lines from the reader.
loads the ignore file from the given folder.
removes the given argument from the list of arguments.
returns true if the given string looks like a string.
creates a new pkc attribute.
creates a new note in the database.
verify that the list of xids are unique.
adds a node to the end of the list.
this method is called when a configuration dialog has been changed.
reads a utf - 8 string from the stream.
adds an integer to a linkedlist.
resets the state for the top of the grid.
test the next token.
returns a repaintmanager for the given component.
returns true if the given port is a recoverpoint initiator.
returns true if the given character is a valid wfxml character.
send the output to the proxy.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end - user
removes a wheel clicking listener.
adds a new section to the list of sections.
calculates the preferred position for the given text.
adds all of the elements in the specified vector to the end of this vector.
pipe all bytes from inputstream to outputstream.
adds a new rule.
validates the number input.
send message until stopcount is reached.
converts a string to an arraylist.
pick the charset to use.
convert a positive bigdecimal to an engineering string.
removes all of the elements from this list.
adds a layer definition to the map.
reads the rules from the given reader.
adds the given updates to the list of words managed by this locale.
writes a portion of an array of characters.
detects an episode from the given file.
creates an operation to create an array of the given type.
fire an event to all registered listeners.
sets the preference type.
expunge stale entries from the table.
returns true if the given string is a valid numeric string.
returns true if the given string is a char.
constructs a new rsakey from the given byte array.
converts a calendar object to a date object.
returns true if client authentication is enabled.
creates the image file panel.
writes a line to a buffered writer.
returns the layer at the given index.
checks the current thread's permission.
creates a function that returns a new function that returns the given value.
removes quotes from a string.
returns true if the dtm has a namespace with the given attribute.
tests whether the user data handler is notified of shallow clones.
creates a new dimageimageimage dialog.
returns the index of the last occurrence of the specified element in the specified sorted array.
creates a new floatcolumn with the specified default value and capacity.
read prj from the input stream.
removes one key from the queue.
checks if the user has permission to convert converters to joda time.
compares two artifact coordinates for equality.
checks if the dimensions of the given matrix are the same.
imports this object from the given source change.
returns the line file out.
constructs a fuzzy query with the given text and fuzziness.
constructs a new callchaininfo object.
starts playback of the media player.
throws an exception if the string is null or empty.
resets the current context.
converts an object to a list of parameter values.
logouts the user with the given username.
creates an operation to update a network interface.
constructs a facade from a code source.
creates a new jdpbroadcast.
closes the rrd file.
rotates this vector by the given degree.
converts a uri to a string using the specified encoding.
associates the specified field number with the specified data.
hides the border of the dialog.
removes the specified btxn from the list of filters.
adds a point to the set of observations.
adds the given tag id to the list of tags.
support ssl intolerant server.
sorts the given collection of executions by root and leaf.
initialize the tk distribution.
serializes an expression into a string.
defines the internal frame menu buttons.
creates a workflow. method for restorefromclone ( ).
remove a data source listener.
returns the rightmost substring of the string.
clears name in unoccupied blocks.
unserializes the given data object.
called when a grid is stopped.
pushes a folder to the end of the list of folders.
prints a depth - first enumerator.
adds an event to the list.
creates a new generator with the given gentables and schemaelement.
initializes the panel. this method is called when the panel is initialized.
called when the table is open.
adds a abbreviation to a primitive.
initializes the image map for the tree.
locates the replicator home directory.
creates a new string data object.
writes a series of repeated sqrs.
appends the string representation of the float argument to this string buffer.
open a file.
test the destination of a track.
flushes and closes the underlying stream.
returns a normalized version of the given path.
returns a random object.
adds a deployment to the list of deployments.
called before the bundle is started.
called when a dlsn has successfully completed.
shut down my sql database.
writes the contents of the buffer to the buffer.
parses the given control template using the given control context.
called when a custom tag is created.
writes the specified file to the specified jpeg image.
check if image server exists.
returns the current time in nanoseconds.
removes the given extension from the list of extensions.
finds the suballocatedcontext for the given element node.
adds an observer to the list of observers.
computes the distance between two clusters.
formats the given pattern into the given string buffer.
adds a keyword to the dictionary.
release the given owner and field.
converts a list of dashboard objects to a list of dashboard objects.
returns the thread pool for the given executor.
adds a group properties listener.
edits a global function comment.
clears all sessions in the session manager.
returns true if the entry exists for the given dn.
unpacks the cmap from the given packed string.
initializes the native code for the native code.
returns the hash code for a wrapper name.
this method is called when an element starts.
returns true if the key is a string.
create multiple pr nodes in the vmlist.
creates a new instance of zdiagmat.
check the ant version.
builds the network.
returns true if the characters in left are equal to the characters in right.
divide zero by zero.
returns an enumeration of the productions.
adds a tight source node.
returns true if the given event is disabled.
creates new dfilechooser dialog where the parent is a dialog.
transforms a point array with no touch effect.
convert an escaped function to a string.
returns a string representation of this object.
adds a new ims session listener.
creates a path from a time stamp.
prints a user message.
connects to the socket.
returns true if the given string is an access modifier.
handle append request failure.
selects a size pair based on the desired width and height.
reads all available items from the given cursor and returns them as a list.
decodes a utf - 8 string.
returns a map of attributes to lower case.
accept the annotations of this node.
create a list from two objects.
read the next part of the file.
returns true if the tab is multiline - tabbed.
computes the parameters of the kernel.
translates a data type to a target data type.
finds the index of the first occurrence of the global valley in the array.
moves the selected row down the table.
creates a new jar with the given backing file.
returns a list of runnables that have been shutdown.
convert a collection of file paths to a list of relative paths.
handle unlock or install.
offset the start time if necessary.
rounds the x, y, and z values of this vector3 down to the nearest integer value
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
cleans up the frontier.
parses the attributes from the typedarray.
concatenates two byte arrays.
asserts that the subscriber has terminated.
asserts that the given argument is valid.
checks if is before today.
builds the viewitemgroup for the login dialog.
unmap a volume from a scsi initiator.
returns the list as a collection.
adds a quarter arc to the path.
parses the given block.
generates a random number from the given byte array.
removes all scanning callbacks.
reads bytes from the underlying input stream.
handle manager creation.
checks if the current shape is the same as the given shape.
returns true if the given file is visible.
appends two strings to one array.
deletes the object from the database.
constructs a string from a byte array.
initialize the search itemset.
computes the bounds of the editor.
this method is used to convert the byte array to an appropriate representation.
creates a new cuboid.
returns the marginal likelihood smoothed by the given values.
returns true if the message is a new message.
installs the system properties.
writes doubles from the specified double array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position
load the recipients from the address map.
returns true if the file extension is equal to the given file extension.
set lock time to current time.
add a padstack to the list of padstacks.
creates a new instance of argsbase.
start the content model.
constructs a omomgraphics object with the given latitude and longitude.
creates an inputsource from a string.
gets the root preferences for the user.
returns a string representation of the given socket identifier.
pushes a string onto the top of this vector.
reads the contents of a file into a string.
calculates the x coordinate of a tile.
creates a new input object.
creates a bshclassmanager for the given interpreter.
swaps the egl display and surface.
returns the last login time.
splits the given text into words.
adds an app to the list.
returns a joiner that matches the given field with the given values.
remove you tube markup from a plot string.
creates a dash array string from a list of dashes.
returns the position of the blob in the blob pattern at the given offset.
loads all the files in the index directory.
reads a line from an inputstream and returns it as a string.
checks if the given table exists.
process a colon.
returns true if the script contains the given delimiter.
compress an array of bytes to an outputstream.
asserts that a service is not joined.
encrypts a block using the current cipher.
prints a string to the text area.
adds the given connection groups to the list of children.
loads the map from the given input stream.
adds a line decoration.
parses the link title.
adds the given value to this vector.
closes the connection to the server.
returns the number of elements in this list.
create a warning diagnostic.
creates a new destructurer.
handles delete button request.
returns true if the connection is healthy.
adds a new column at the given index.
initializes the panel.
computes the norm of a vector.
returns the value as a string.
returns a hash code value for this object.
converts the maximal rings to minimal edge rings.
remove an image sharing listener.
updates the wave file size.
writes a new journal to a file.
returns true if this string matches the given string.
called when a mouse button has been released.
computes the maximum class value in a series using the percent - factor per series.
adds a channel to the table.
joins an array of objects into one string.
returns true if the store has the given store trait.
create a qty supply.
returns the number of parameters.
loads the attributes of this step from the given xml node.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
reads the reference from the input stream.
computes the dot product of this vector and the given dense vector.
emits code to the main subroutine.
computes the stdev of a list of numbers.
trims the size of the array to a new size.
setbit ( int n ) outside a zero.
compares two dates.
decode the next solution set chunk.
creates a datagram socket.
multiply all values of the given type by the given value.
returns true if the given level is within the current level.
computes the children of a folder.
quotes the given file.
reads data from the network.
clears all maps and tombstones.
removes an imageconsumer from the list of consumers.
is navigation at bottom?.
updates the target aperture with the new value.
builds an invocation with the given protocol key.
computes the mark of the given statistics.
gcd : the first number is zero.
test capture of king.
validates a list of expressions and evaluates them.
parses a relative directory.
pick the encoding for the given input source.
generates a url for a given series and category.
returns true if the thread has expired.
this method is called when the user clicks on a policy.
decodes a 64 - bit floating point number from a byte buffer.
creates the script for the driver.
returns the cauchy of the uniform distribution.
adds a job group to the list of job groups to never delete.
creates the layout for the given workflow and control panel.
request a poll read from the server.
adds a field to the query.
encodes the polynomial to the output stream.
signal that no acks have been received.
returns a string representation of the int array.
copy the given source array to the given target array.
computes the great circle distance between this circle and the given location.
parses the manifest file and returns the splits.
read a portion of an array of bytes.
fire an operator that has been moved.
removes an individual from the list.
modifies the base variable id.
repeats the given string with the given number of characters.
wait for a state change.
returns the best node in the graph.
creates a new userfields object.
parses an integer from a string.
find the bounds of the node with the given ad - wf id.
stops all workers in the given collection.
returns a clone of this frame.
calculates the percentage of a state transition.
returns a mangled name for the given method.
saves the current state of the iterator.
consumes a string from the queue.
prints out the defined ips.
disposes the encoder and decoders of the given session.
returns the number of transpositions between two charsequences.
parses an object from the given string.
returns a stream of timeseriescollections.
registers a mod in the manifest.
arranges the blocks in the given container according to the given g2 coordinate.
returns true if the given message has the given content type.
generates an x509certificate from the given parameters.
handles a button request.
checks all the dependencies of the given modulelist.
this method is called when the children of the beancontextmembership has been removed from the bean
checks if the given directory is writeable.
returns a string representation of this period.
writes the default serializable fields to the stream.
start an entity with the given name.
returns true if the given keyword is a java keyword.
extracts the import url from the index url.
compares this collator with another collator.
runs the test case.
renames the given type to an internal type.
write a list of file values to an xml output.
creates a new dimageimagedialog dialog.
invalidates all caches.
write a byte array to an xmlserializer.
writes a list of contents to a file.
cancels all requests with the given tag.
draws the given text on the given graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer ) horizontal
returns a subset of the given record.
queues an operation to be executed.
interprets a string into a cell array.
returns a new shape that is the same as this shape, but with the same bounds as the
prints this list to the specified print writer, indenting each line by one.
initializes the layout panel.
performs a revocation status check on the given certificate and issuer.
returns the composite type for the given alpha composite.
removes an icon from the list of tracking icons.
finds all phonemes in the state machine.
removes the parent of the given file.
returns true if a - b is almost equal to delta.
pops the context for the end of an element.
java. util. arrays # fill ( byte [ ], int, int, int, int
pushes an empty bracket onto the stack, pushing the current value on the stack if necessary.
calculates the logarithm of the given value.
uploads a file to the database.
creates a temporary zip file and deletes it.
removes the handler for the given column name.
returns true if the tag is empty.
restore badges from persisted bundle.
called when the user presses the touch button.
creates a new catalogentry with the specified name and arguments.
adds a message to the list of messages that are waiting for messages.
pushes a new stack item onto the top of the stack.
logs the hierarchy of the given class loader.
adds a gossip member.
returns a collection of log files.
returns true if the keyboard is case sensitive.
returns true if the given node is a namespace node.
returns a hash code value for this object.
creates a new sub - config model.
tests another object for equality with this object.
convert a color string to a color integer.
called when the user clicks on a pick button.
creates a new traversal for the given node.
called when an end of an element is encountered.
cancels all requests to the endpoint.
returns the value at the specified index in the array.
returns the value associated with the specified key.
decodes a base58 string into a byte array.
creates a new subpattern association.
deletes all data from the file.
returns true if any annotation of the given type has no prefix.
tries to format satisfiability using the specified format.
gets a ignite logger from a atomic reference.
receive one byte from the server.
returns a list of constraint violations for the given resource.
check if imdb id is valid.
shows the recorded video.
write a list of coordinates to a string buffer.
returns true if the exception is intended for the given class.
swaps the rows and columns of a pivot.
returns true if popup overlap task bar.
creates a job for creating a cluster.
finds the main classes in the given directory.
validates the xml string.
reads the values from the stream.
returns true if the given access code is compatible with instant run.
constructs a sequence from an array of asarray objects.
creates a new threadedlistenermanager.
this method is used to convert the object value given to an appropriate representation.
computes the offset segment for a line segment.
returns the element at the specified location.
creates the qos rules from the given json object.
converts the given string into octets.
formats a double value using the specified number of places.
flushes the output stream.
returns true if the string is a c - length string.
creates the proper bounds for the given points.
adds a clear graph data button.
returns the normalized levenshtein distance between two strings.
creates a file with the specified number of extentions.
checks if is animal.
unify line separators in a string.
adds a ping notification.
create a new nfs datastore.
check the size of the array.
creates a new album with the given media uri.
checks that the given name is an internal identifier.
this method is called when a task is done.
unquotes the given name.
returns true if the player has a leader with the given name.
performs redo operations on the given editor.
reports the result of a join operation.
write a protein to a file.
java. sql. convert ( java. sql. string, java. sql. string, java
writes the data of this contour into a sptkl file.
starts the current thread with the given timeout.
finds the element with the given name in the given parent.
creates a star regular expression.
removes the specified element from the selection.
invoked when a mouse button has been clicked on a component.
prints a formatted string to this output stream, using the specified locale and arguments.
transforms the given xml source to the given output output.
tests comparison of attributes before elements.
adds a suffix to the suffix list.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
closes the selector.
returns the sub - number of a and b.
sets the required attributes.
show the history dialog.
returns the number of elements in this list.
reads the contents of an input stream into a byte array.
creates a streamable from a publisher.
creates a new protobuf connection.
parses the network response into a bitmap object.
find a notification by its id.
creates a new green gradient with the given maximum count.
write a histogram to a file.
dereferences the given stage.
adds a character to a number.
clips a string if necessary.
removes the specified element from the queue.
adds a slide to the list.
wrap a string into an array of strings.
creates a vertex array with the given coordinates.
publish a message to the client.
cleans the given directory.
computes the inv wm sub band.
moves a file or directory to a directory.
load security properties from a properties file.
closes the given inputstream without throwing an exception.
clears the scan files.
executes the given process and asserts that the result is equal to the given expected output and
start file based merge.
called when a document has been inserted into the document.
creates a new datetimeparseexception with the given message and error index.
returns true if the two components are parallel siblings of the given axis.
reads an object from the stream.
subtract two negative numbers of the same length.
creates a plaintext from an integer value.
checks if is today.
start a new port.
generates a sprint for the given double field.
convert yuvimage to bitmap.
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation.
returns true if the given feature has the given version.
assigns the port usage based on the matching target ports.
returns the next event in the queue.
appends the points to the stringbuilder.
update the combo box.
creates a new refactoring session transformer.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
open the compare dialog.
adds a resource to the list of resources.
returns true if maybenumeric is a numeric value.
encodes the given string using the preferred encoding.
adds the given delta to the current value, and returns the new value.
returns the current time in milliseconds.
appends a new namevaluepair to the list.
creates a properties object from the given url.
calculates the weight of a plan.
returns true if the given filename is one of the given extensions.
find the selected setting.
create a node in zookeeper.
calculates the logarithm of the given value.
returns a new vector3 with the same x, y, and z values as the given vector
receive a datagram packet.
convert temperature to rgb.
sets the name mapper function.
fill ( boolean [ ] d, int num, int val ) method testing.
adds all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this list, in the
returns a string representation of this formatter.
returns the resource name for the given table and type.
updates the load state of the combo boxes.
returns the tip text for this property.
joins an array of namedvalue objects into a single string.
returns the source class for the given attribute.
flushes the printer and flushes the underlying stream.
request a group data.
encodes a cookie into a string.
skips the specified number of bytes.
resumes the animation.
subtract two numbers of different scales ; the first is negative.
add to prototype callback.
creates a new instance of alltoallpanel.
returns true if the function is available in the namespace.
allocates p_section_count sections.
returns true if refreshing is needed.
returns a random byte array of the given length.
instantiates a new weight distribution.
removes the extension from a file name.
deletes the attribute value.
normalizes the given dataframe to the given minimum and maximum values.
returns true if the scheme is a socket scheme.
adds a leaf to the tree.
adjusts the list of listeners to be notified of changes in the list of blocks.
hex encodes a byte array into a string.
clamps the given size to the given maximum area.
constructs a new tcpconnection.
returns a string representation of this indexable.
encodes the given byte array into base 64.
draws a cube at the specified direction.
adds an observer to the list of observers.
returns the logarithm of the logarithm of x.
creates a new script builder with the given number.
creates a new instance of the specified class using the specified classloader.
adds an entity action to the list of actions.
creates a new polygon.
read a json value from a json array.
waits until an element is not present.
assert that the test subscriber has been terminated.
returns true if the video is a vimeo url.
returns true if the current state is cancelled.
push a subcontextlist onto the stack.
update downloaded files in the database.
dumps the options for the current configuration.
parses a language resource.
start the states of the glyph.
removes the given container from the list of containers.
constructs a kernel density function from a collection of points.
returns a clone of the given object.
returns true if there are three points in the polygon.
creates a new zip entry with the specified name.
runs a query on a database using a random selector.
read a dictionary from a stream.
adds a vertex to the graph.
creates a new view to model with the given number of rows.
returns an unmodifiable set of the file names.
is operating system mac?.
returns true if the given concrete throwable is assignable from the given set of throwables.
pops and encodes the messages in the queue.
prints the string representation of the int argument to the target.
returns a map of the confidence values for all items in the dataset.
returns true if the string is all alpha characters.
converts a character to a digit.
loads a library with the given path.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
saves a keystore to a file.
adds a filter to the or query.
log a debug message.
increments the count by rows.
test of the ctor method, of class bigdatabove.
returns a string representation of this object.
splits the traces with the end point.
flip all bits in place.
creates a new index request source.
adds the given users to the given configuration.
tries to drain all buffers from the queue.
copies the given source file to the destination file.
encode a properties object into a string.
generate the rss namespace.
tests comparison of elements by name.
deletes a directory and all its contents.
convert a string to a timestamp.
returns true if the given string starts with a new hunk.
removes all values from the map.
reads the characters in the given byte array.
converts a string to a byte array.
play a file for a given user.
run finalizers on exit.
predicts the intervals for the given conf.
returns the minimum element of the specified collection using the specified comparator.
checks if the given sha hash is equal to the given file.
adds a value key name.
updates the assignment with the given border.
converts a char value to a string.
splits a string into lines.
draws a single line of data.
adds a hole to this shell.
registers the component classes.
creates a new instance of the opstype.
skips the specified number of input bytes.
generates a 64 bit hash of the public key.
creates a new create sub - command.
creates a new dimageimageimage dialog.
read a line from an xml element.
constructs a listmodel from an array of objects.
returns true if field calltype is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise.
maps the source to the given source.
creates a new jobject.
computes the static load metrics for all virtual nas servers.
read a short from the stream.
creates a replication job for copy partition.
the main method of this class.
find all orders in a map.
check if a file exists.
finds the stage with the given path.
calculates the t - norm of the given coef and stderror.
runs the specified bootstrappers in the specified early component.
checks that the header id is equal to the expected id.
returns the output as a byte array.
save a named buffer to the file.
schedules storage for a vplex virtual array.
completes a relative path in the given base directory.
returns true if the given string is a file specifying a module specifier.
inserts the expected pool settings per tier.
transfer streams from source stream to destination stream.
returns the position of the path at the given org unit level.
make the buffer available.
add a numeric train class.
parses a list of groups.
called when a drag gesture has been recognized.
returns true if the character is an identifier helper character.
adds a line to the header.
load an address from the result set.
encodes the given string using utf - 8.
convert a url to a url.
start a namespace after the start of an element.
guess the mime type for a file.
test advance of all terms.
returns true if this modifier is public.
release the encumbrance budget.
creates a transferable for the locale.
writes the specified length to this output stream.
adds a generic font family.
writes a reference to the map.
parses a data object.
returns true if the list is empty.
formats the date using the specified formatter.
returns the dotted class name.
creates a new dsubjectpublickey dialog.
play the next video.
invokes a method on an object.
adds nodes from the given iterator to this nodeset.
creates a new rotatestream for the given path.
cleans up the history of numbers.
processes the styled attributes.
creates a new log message with the specified template and code.
translates an action string to an action string.
returns true if the resource can be loaded.
returns true if the value is a boolean value.
parses a string as a boolean.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end - user
formats this string using the specified date - time formatter.
initialize the source code map from the adapted content.
returns a copy of this matrix.
returns the set of error codes allowed to be duplicated.
returns true if the given object is a field of the given type, false otherwise.
removes a download from the completed list.
adds the shingled phrase queries.
returns a string representation of the token digest.
creates a new snapshot.
store a log file.
merges current props with new props.
deletes the preferred language.
called when a media player is prepared.
parses the token and the value of the parameter.
skips the specified number of bytes.
converts the player to all players in the specified radius.
creates an ecdhe from a named curve id.
adds a header to a message.
returns a string representation of this object.
recreates the workspace table.
executes a n1ql statement with the given parameters and values.
end all of the elements in the stack.
adds an entity reference.
link to the last element.
draws the divider for the given child at the given position.
creates a new form spec with the given encoded description.
decodes the given data using the given parser.
write an integer to the output stream.
writes a double field value.
calculates the next creature in the list.
validates the backup interval and start time.
deletes the given trait from the given guid.
adds a collection of tables.
writes a template to the given writer.
clears the loader.
returns the index of the specified item in the list.
adds an attribute to the request.
executes all the tasks in the graph.
run a full import.
gets the user id from a range of objects.
start the consumer.
generate operation flags for a binary operation.
returns true if the label is movable.
write a type list.
load properties from a resource.
closes an inputstream without throwing an exception.
creates a new transaction.
skips characters until the end of the string is encountered.
converts a package name to a file path.
returns true if the map contains the specified key.
returns true if the given fragment is valid.
rehashes the receiver to the new capacity.
save the pois from the assets.
creates a new element with the given name and colour value.
check if a tag has been seen.
called when the operator of a variable has changed.
adds a header to the message.
check if there is a duplicate request.
returns true if the view is hidden.
deletes a directory recursively.
returns true if the menu bar border is horizontal.
constructs a node using the given transformer.
creates a priority queue for the given words.
iterates through the contents of an objectinputstream and passes them to the closure.
exits the system with the given status.
calculates the distance between two points in meters.
process the auth challenge.
calculates the inverse of ga, p, q and x2s.
adds a new product to the database.
adds an undo event to the undo list.
establishes the cache if it is offline.
appends a character sequence and an image span.
validates a password against a hash.
returns a list of the current snapshots for the given repository.
adds a certificate to the certificate list.
multiply two positive numbers of the same length.
clean a static method.
paints the background of the tab.
builds a daciuk mihov automaton from the given hash.
returns the range bounds for the dataset's dataset's dataset'bounds.
shutdown the admin server.
returns the number of threads.
assigns a role to the user.
creates a new instance.
writes the initial styles to the output stream.
encodes a collection of parameters into a string.
test where each operation locks only a single resource.
run the next pending command.
stops the server and waits for it to finish.
load a xml document from a resource.
divide : rounding mode is down.
removes the annotation at the given index.
replaces all occurrences of the specified character with the new character.
touch the given file.
wraps a mock callback.
returns true if the column should be selected.
add two numbers of the same length.
add a class annotation to the bug instance.
attempts to format a satisfiability message using the specified format.
parses the upper case map string.
removes all entries from the queue and removes them from the entryinfos list.
creates a temporary zip file.
check if new playlist name is valid.
imports a xml file.
log a add or remove row.
builds the default digest method type.
create a sampled partition from a collection of vertices.
creates a new instance of gremlintransactionmanager.
shifts all the beans in the subflow to the given point.
this method is called from the command line from the command line from the command line.
makes all the elements in the list.
called when a node has been deleted.
creates a new application environment.
creates a new producerworker with the given topic and message.
creates a new layout tab that is created in the foreground.
returns true if the given functions are allowed.
load org access user from database.
closes the disk cache.
creates a map of volume uri to lun unassigned for the given exportmask.
closes the connection to the socket.
returns the maximum of two vectors.
waits for the process output and error streams.
adds the given arguments to the command line.
find the node with the given key.
draws the axis on the given graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer ).
reads the contents of a sequence file.
create a random colour.
parses a category string.
this method is called when a legacy method is invoked.
instantiates a new pitch contour.
shuts down the thread pool and releases all resources.
adds a csp listener.
prints the given message to the given print stream.
removes all of the elements in the specified range from this list.
asserts that the given resultset is nullable.
computes the bounding boxes for the contours.
adds a timeline to the channel.
loads the lob from the database.
paints the component using the given graphics object.
returns a copy of the given array with the given extra capacity.
send an event to all listeners.
update a list of keys in a region.
loads the extensions from the extensions list.
deletes all addresses of a existing user.
sets the limit of the query.
checks if a file exists.
skips the specified number of characters.
this method initializes the payment method.
converts a file name to a file name using the default charset.
copy the contents of the given file to the given url.
update the deltas of the view.
creates an auth configuration for the realm.
trims the text from the last character to the last character in the span.
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a writable child raster.
send a buffer to the client.
call an asynchronous event.
finds the file to open in the given list.
checks if two strings are equal.
execute shell commands, default return result msg.
populates a blob with the given id and base content.
removes a file from the list of folder observers.
makes this object immutable.
appending the'isnull'statement.
removes all of the elements from this queue.
update the favorite station.
adds all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this list, in the
saves the analysis data to a file.
returns an iterator over the capability objects that are dependencies.
parses an integer from a string.
constructs a bufferedheader from a character buffer.
converts a java. util. date to a java. util. date.
executes a request with a back - off error.
check the server response code.
adds a resourcesource to the list of all resource sources.
commits the changes to the panel.
connects a point to a target.
called when a generic motion event occurs.
adds the given class to the list of classes.
edits an element in the table.
creates a new fp curve with the given curve and x and y coordinates.
serializes a document to a string.
computes the area between two points.
this method is called when a serializable object is stored in the repository.
converts an arraylist to an arraylist, removing all elements with the given delimiter.
returns the minimum element in the collection.
creates a new heartbeat server.
tostring ( ) method testing.
find a club in the attacks list.
instantiates a new pdf.
converts a collection of inetaddresses into an array of string.
shows a profile for a pilot.
creates a new instance of smoothmoves.
updates the price lists of a product bean.
checks the dependencies of a module descriptor.
clearbit ( int n ) inside a positive number.
deserializes a list of funnel objects.
appends the given parameter to the given descriptor.
adds a catch clause to the catch clause.
stream the given bytes to the browser.
unlocks the given key.
returns a list of orders starting at the given index.
ensures that the schema agreement is satisfied.
removes all elements from the stack.
instantiates a new tile store.
returns true if this block has more work than the other block.
parses the next token from the tokenizer.
returns true if the given url is a jar url.
tests another object for equality with this object.
applysettimestamp adds the sql statement to the batch.
instantiates a new accessor.
stops the timer and increments the duration by one.
adds a new row to the table.
decode the given string into a byte array.
returns the native stack frame for the given native address.
this method is used to walk a scheme file.
check if mime type is image.
creates a new instance.
returns the size of the bitmap with the given key and value.
returns the absolute value of this matrix.
removes an attribute from the attribute set.
snapshots the surface of a camera.
parses a debuggerexceptionoption node.
rotates the given image by 180 degrees.
update the finantare based on the column name.
displays the calendar. if the calendar is not selected, it is recreated.
creates a linestring from the given coordinates.
trims the given array to the given size.
closes the connection if it is not already closed.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied event
subtracts the number of flakes from the current value.
process the given bytes, producing the result if necessary.
returns true if the given resource name is one of the required resource names in the policy.
main entry point for the program.
returns a string representation of s, v and u.
constructs a new authoritykeyidentifierstructure from an x509 certificate.
open a jar file.
removes all emails from the list.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs, int
creates a new pwtoken object.
returns true if the character is a letter.
calls the given visitor for all expressions in the argument vector.
creates a link string for the given uri and label.
returns true if the token is an expression.
destroys this node and all its children.
constructs a hierarchical uri from a file.
process the play request.
performs a binary search for the specified object using the specified comparator.
closes the output stream and flushes the output stream.
returns a vector of all elements in the given state that can go here.
removes the specified value from the specified region.
constructs a hashdatacache with the given algorithm.
marshalls the given value to the given enum type.
initializes the event listeners.
returns true if the given file type is supported in the given sequence.
returns the window naf byte array.
maps a collection name to a collection name.
fills a vector with random integers between min and max.
returns a hash code value for this object.
stops the animation for the given thread.
returns true if pname is equal to pname.
draws the range markers for a dataset.
decrypts the given data using the given password.
constructs a new vpf layer.
returns true if the connection should be closed.
returns the hue, saturation, and saturation of this color.
returns a future that will be completed when the application is shut down.
returns true if the queue is empty.
change the location of a directory.
removes the quote from the column.
check if the timeout has been scrolled up.
refills the input buffer.
searches for documents that match the given query.
writes the end of a list.
returns a list of elements that have the given name in the given element.
generates a seed of the specified number of bytes.
returns the tip text for this property.
this method calls the jobservice. listjobs and returns a list of job instances.
returns a binary representation of this polynomial.
opens the fallback input stream.
adds a caret listener.
returns an instance of the serial sensor manager.
iscurrency ( int ) method testing.
encodes the given byte array into a string.
java. util. date # equals ( java. util. date, java. util. date
parses an id from the same document uri.
marks the block at the given position as used.
constructs a chol matrix from a matrix.
reads nz bytes from memory.
shifts count right from source array to result array.
adds a new value to the set.
removes a legion member from the database.
prints the contents of the buffer to the output stream.
returns true if this soot method contains a baf body.
retains all of the characters in a string.
deletes the least used connection.
performs a binary search for the specified element in this sorted set.
cleans up a transit schedule.
returns true if ref matches test.
converts a list of patches to a string.
closes the output stream.
validates the sort size.
finish the painting.
deletes all panels from the panel.
perform an asynchronous average operation.
returns the next string in the iteration.
creates a new html document builder.
returns a string representation of this object.
creates a macro from a xml file.
deletes the es input node and port.
adds a part to the end of the list.
terminates the fsync service and waits for it to finish.
finds the closest location in the grid.
computes the minimum sample size for an image.
creates the main split pane.
cleans the given chain.
checks to see if the user transaction manager is set.
creates a new instance of fs.
adds an element to the given document.
convert an inputstream to a string.
splits the name of a remote branch.
encrypts the given outputstream with the given password.
pads the given string to the right of the given length with the given padchar.
reloads the swipe state in the view.
resets the iv to its initial state.
multiply the matrix by vertical multiply by flip.
shuts down the session manager.
converts a byte array to a string.
creates a new instance of this class.
converts a hex string to a byte array.
writes a string to the output stream.
creates a collection of all permissions.
merges the endpoints of a network into another network.
prints a string followed by a newline.
read a chunk of data from an inputstream.
sums the associations of all categories in the taxo.
creates a geo code from an input stream.
patch the name of a qname with the prefix map.
constructs a string from a list of tags.
creates a new xml element with the same attributes as this element.
resets the counters and counters.
rotates the vector by the given angle in radian.
this method is called when a connection lost.
returns the value of the header with the given name.
parses a set of query parameters into a map of query parameters and filters.
sign with wsf 10.
called when the state of the tab has changed.
adds a url to the scan.
adds the specified range to the end of the interval.
resets the alpha and neighborhood values.
reloads the current page.
returns true if the field is a static field.
returns the number of outstanding requests.
converts a byte array to a string.
initialize the logger for the given component.
fills the left portion of the list.
removes the specified value from the list of default values.
test put cause eviction.
merge two signatures.
returns a hash code value for this object.
creates a new exception with the specified cause and source of error message.
enters this transaction with the given object.
adds an option to the options.
pauses for the client to join.
called when a property is changed.
adds a frame to the transition.
scans the given resource location for classes that implement the given interface.
returns the characters up to the next close quote character.
returns true if the given block needs skylight update.
expands the given rectangle by the given amount.
converts a string to a datagram packet.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns true if this instance has been initialized.
removes the specified shutdown hook.
computes the number of transitions between two result points.
returns a string representation of this double.
check if the size of the camera is available.
appends a string to the builder.
encodes a plaintext string into a byte array.
returns a lookup list for this gsub.
returns the delta sum.
returns true if singlechar is a word boundary, false otherwise.
executes a blocking consumer on the primary connection.
writes a portion of an array of characters.
creates a new table viewer.
returns a string representation of this object.
add a line to the path.
returns true if the missing attribute can be handled.
disables all buttons.
load an artifact from a file.
tries to acquire the given number of acquires.
returns true if the given string is a header.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
creates a new tsaction with the given transit section and delay.
creates a new dextensionset dialog.
adds a point to the list.
returns true if the given class is a cglib proxy class.
verifies that the given auth success and discoveryinformation are valid.
generates an analysis result set for the given date.
updates the text views for the recharge.
returns the map of near and id ids for the given transaction.
stops the listener thread.
decodes a byte array using a private key.
derives the argb value of two colors.
adds a landing pad at the given location.
creates a new attackstrategy based on the given string.
creates a new instance of orderedthreadpoolexecutor.
write a chunk to the partition.
returns the event with the given id.
initializes the values for the checkers.
load carbon properties from the properties file.
prints the contents of this list to the given output stream.
convert a string to a date.
returns the md5 of a file or directory.
initializes this object with the given parameters.
returns true if there are more records in the result.
trims the delegate to the size of the list.
appends the given bracket to the end of the current json object.
returns a string representation of the ascii board at the given position.
clears all caches and sections.
convert an iterator to a set of nodes.
runs the given task in the given number of times.
creates a list of vms for a broker.
adds a port use to the map.
pop an element attribute set.
adds a key - value pair to the cache.
remove a model change listener.
fire a change event to all registered listeners.
creates the name of the connection.
discovers a host.
read a portion of an array of bytes.
draws the last line of the connection order.
adds a new node to the open queue.
converts a java file object to a java file object.
creates a compatible raster with the data buffer.
build a random multi - segment bipartite graph.
executes the given shell command.
updates the progress of the individual thread.
creates a new context handler.
returns true if this character sequence starts with the given prefix.
returns a list of container initializers.
creates a temporary directory.
returns a string representation of the partition array.
returns true if the given parentcategoryid and productcategoryid are a child of the given parent
input an instance to the queue.
returns a collection of the columns in the specified table.
adds the given resource to the list of resources created at the given location.
removes all semaphore objects from the queue.
tests this map for equality with an arbitrary object.
checks if the quorum is maintained.
schedules the next alarm.
request that the service stop.
javax. net. ssl. ssl # sslcreatessl ( int port, int port ).
joins the given array into one array.
splits a url path into a set of paths.
initialize the best selling report.
this method is called when a transaction is started.
adds a job to the list of jobs to run.
resets the formula to its initial state.
adds a utf - 8 constant pool entry.
adds the given data to the list of chartsets.
returns the info gain.
cancel a property constant.
deserializes a byte array into a typeserializer.
remainder of a knuth multi digit.
show the selected neurons dialog.
encrypts the given byte array.
returns true if the given class has any changes of the given class.
instantiates a new window stuff helper.
remove special characters from a string.
creates a new run script action.
creates a new webimage with the given url.
consolidate tuples into receipts.
returns true if the email is valid.
adds a merge directed edge to the graph.
parses application xml from a file.
creates a new connection.
returns a string describing the usage of this table.
adds a subscription to the store for the given topic.
zips the given file to the given location.
generates a hashmap for the expanded state of all parent wrappers.
add an audio packet listener.
creates a new crlvaluepair with the specified criticality and value.
creates a new environment with the given java path.
adds a callback to a js object.
removes all blocks from the section.
writes a string to a file.
checks if the given node is an operator variable access.
called when a picker value is selected.
returns a list of segments that intersect s1 and s2 with r.
adds an update action to the list of actions.
loads the data from the given file.
returns the url for the given classname.
removes the given unique id from the cache and viewattribute lists.
method to create non - cg replicas for a given source and target volumes.
calculates the downsampler timestamp.
returns a string representation of the list.
called when an error occurs.
adds a pattern association to the head of the template.
constructs a unionpathiterator with the given compiler.
reads data from the database.
this method will throw an ioexception if the message is malformed.
returns true if there are more deals to be added.
adds the given issuer to the list of issuers.
builds a key selection column.
filter the nodes in the given map by exclnode.
store a device to storage.
runs the test case.
adjusts the array to contain the absolute values in the given range [ lower, upper ].
removes the processor at the given index.
creates a chain of nodes with the given suffix and the given value.
converts a locator string to a by object.
notify listeners that a task has been started.
throw an exception if this record is destroyed.
uploads the given artifact to the given input stream.
escapes bytes in the given byte string.
returns an array containing the types of the given values.
adds the security token to the parent of this security token.
skips spaces from the given string.
update the viewpoint and look at the current location.
returns the next sample.
reads an x. 509 certificate from the specified input stream.
creates a new http connection.
associate the specified value with the specified key.
renames the given table.
handle a read last confirmed error.
adds the specified long to this hash.
apply the layout to the neurons.
returns the number of nice fields.
returns the layer size of the layer.
finds a static method in the given class.
fetches a list of service cards from the server.
adds a phonenumber to the list of phone numbers.
returns a string containing only digits and plus all digits in the matching string.
compares two methods.
finds the markersegment with the given tag.
opens a reader for the given input.
returns a new instance with the additional source to be added to the end of the array.
publish a list of items.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end - user
checks if the uri is valid.
creates a private key usage extension.
generates a list of periods based on the given dateunit.
creates a new aes key.
this method is called when a bound property has changed.
parses a json response into a json object.
loads the version information from the xml file.
find a page of user by example.
adds a footer view.
adds a sequence to the queue.
checks if is read - only.
consume ( null ) method testing.
set the parent of this expression node.
returns true if this name is a registered name.
creates a new downscalequality with the given type.
prints a message and exits the program.
asserts that the timestamps are equal with the epsilon.
constructs a spider with the specified parameters.
flushes the buffer to disk.
adds a new hop.
returns true if the queue is empty.
tests instantiation of primitives.
reads entries from the store.
returns the number of hosts in net2 initiators map.
adds all certificates from the given store.
processes the given lob.
start a prefix mapping for the given element.
prints the stack trace of this exception to the specified print writer.
converts a list of dataflavors to an array of dataflavors.
test of the empty icon error handling.
translates an attribute value into a string.
returns the next index id.
fill fields with default values.
checks the security informations for a given endpoint.
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other list
converts a list of byte arrays into a list of bytestrings.
adds an index to the table.
sets the ssl key password.
instantiates a new zookeeper state machine ensemble.
creates a custom shortcut set for the given character.
deletes the minimum node in the tree.
resets the counters.
writes the contents of the given source file to the given output stream.
sifts the given type compounds into a map of target class to list of type compounds
updates the location of the clock.
compares this value to the specified value.
binds the specified integer property to the specified value.
removes the specified column from this table.
writes the given string to the log file.
closes the database connection.
creates a new instance of structem bayessearcheditor.
remove an action listener.
returns true if the character at the given index is a literal.
generates a granularity from a string.
creates a new word iterator with the default locale.
closes the tree and releases all locks.
pushes a local file to the remote directory.
process a coda item.
resizes the buffer to the specified size.
splits a uint8 into a byte array.
generates a sprint message for the given short field.
init the class files from the given directory.
remove a bandwidth field.
this method is called when the program exits.
returns the current time in milliseconds.
collapses newlines in a string.
generates the javadoc for the given index.
extracts properties from a set of properties.
removes the last element from the list.
ensures that the specified component is visible.
ends the current representation.
creates a new generator with the specified number formatter.
splits the given line by the given delimiter.
creates a new instance of ccselector.
reads the next tuple from the stream.
computes the sum of two numbers.
removes a property change listener.
loads the attributes of this step from an xml node.
returns a hash of the given signature.
adds the trigger group name.
reads a string from the input stream.
clears the temp files.
read and decompress a thumbnail image from a file.
submit ( new noop runnable ) method testing.
shrinks the specified area by one.
asserts that a set of tests is satisfied.
builds the absolute stats.
serializes the classifier to a file.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns true if the field is a partition tag.
arranges the blocks in the given container with the given constraint.
executes the given method on the target object.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified character in the string, starting from the specified
increments the count for the given key by the given delta.
send an osc packet to the client.
handle a key typed event.
fills the given map with the given mappings in the given mode with gaps.
this method is used to convert the object to an appropriate representation.
creates a script from a list of bytes.
deletes the instances at the given indices.
adds a listener to the list of listeners.
computes the GC2 of two vectors.
returns true if basedate is between startdate and enddate.
adds a timeout event listener.
convert a list of strings to an array of strings.
transforms the tool tip text.
writes a portion of an array of bytes.
creates a new clienthttprequest object.
adds the specified characters to the current character array.
appends a tag to the xml document.
returns extra info about the certificate validation.
adds a collection of content elements to the top level.
invokes the given closure with the given arguments.
writes the contents of this buffer to the underlying stream.
adds an index entry to the index.
solve a set of qry nodes.
deletes the specified number of starts starting at the specified index.
creates an event type metadata for a bean type.
reverses the current period.
returns true if the caller should use subject creds only.
adds a field with the given name and value.
deletes a storage from the disk.
this method is called when a coap request is sent to the server.
checks if the given example is ok.
loads the database from the given input stream.
delete luns from a lun group.
removes the given locators from this registry.
returns true if the given item selection choice is selected.
adds an operation to the progress panel.
creates a new keystorebuilder with the specified provider.
compare and decrement worker count.
creates a url from a list of requests.
creates a new tcp connection.
tests fix for bug # 22613 - connectionnotsupported ( ).
returns the time in milliseconds since the epoch.
creates a new program rewriter.
creates the settings menu.
write a string to a data output stream.
returns true if the given string is a valid java name.
creates the node commands.
parses the packages and saves them in the sensorcontext.
consumes a process's error stream.
deletes the first occurrence of the specified string from this builder.
returns an array of classes for the given parameters.
trims all gaz entries to their size.
returns true if the prompt contains a select account.
performs quick sort of the given instances.
flips the given image horizontally.
returns true if auditing is enabled.
returns true if the request is a terms request.
reads the segments from the stream.
project time within 24 hours.
update minmax for no dictionary.
deserializes a struct from an xml element.
creates a new instance of this class.
concatenates two byte arrays.
creates an input stream from a file.
creates an extended dismax configuration.
write value properties to the database.
computes the y - value for a given maximum value.
adds a focus cleared listener.
add an item listener.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
creates a new mosaic levy.
returns the rank of the given value.
negates the given predicate.
add margin top to content child.
converts a hex string to a byte array.
send a number of bytes to the device.
fetches the schema from the server.
appends the given double array to the given stringbuilder.
converts the real array to a real array.
reads the partitions of a file.
returns true if seqno is greater than max.
draw a single line.
process a single item.
pushes the specified value onto the top of this stack.
returns the cardinality of the range at the given index.
creates the http response.
cast a object to a long object ( reference type ).
finish the grid row.
tests whether the state of the x509encodedkey is preserved.
shuts down the android debug bridge.
pings the given pong object and updates the last ping time.
find the index of the given object literal.
resets the viewable area.
tests that the expected transfer rate is correct.
adds an x509trustmanager to the list of managers.
returns an iterator over the children of this node.
creates a new folder if it doesn't already exist.
computes the i - value of an array of points.
performs the comparison test.
test for getscale ( ) method.
converts a value to a string.
returns true if the given annotation type is retained at runtime.
processmsg ( byte [ ] message ) method testing.
adds a classpath to the jar.
load directories from the properties file.
create a null individuum with the given dimension.
returns a list of all classes that match the given uri.
returns true if the value is slavo germanic.
shuffles the inventory of an item.
formats the given value using the given format number.
converts the given string to lower case.
runs the asserts on the given step list.
registers a new transform uri.
this method is called when a coroutine is exited.
shrinks the internal array to a new length.
creates a new conjunction with the given conditions.
drops all bytes from the queue down to the given absolute position.
creates a new instance of hopimpl.
updates the state of the spinner.
writes the specified character to the specified outputstream.
send a loconetmessage to the idbox.
submits a batch of mutations.
returns true if multiple additions are allowed.
checks if the given object class is present in the given set of object classes.
writes an integer field value.
returns the logarithm of the factorial of the given integer.
waits for the thread to complete.
adds a value to the set of values for the specified object.
closes the given closeable without throwing an exception.
appends a byte array to the file.
notify the list listeners.
converts an integer to an inetaddress.
open the ftp server.
unpacks the compressed character translation table.
adds a key - value pair to the map if it is absent.
returns the number of common suffixes between two strings.
closes the input stream and releases all resources.
starts the monitor thread.
waits for the next read video frame to be read.
scales the image to the given factor.
this method is used to convert the field value given to an appropriate representation.
returns a lower - camel representation of this string.
removes the head of this queue and returns it.
creates a new moviesetaddaction object.
creates the rmi registry for the given port.
this method is called when a new udp socket is created.
resets the internal state.
fix the white space in the output builder.
handles dup action request.
returns true if the given amount of time has expired.
makes the given visitor visit this object.
returns an array of special property names.
handle a done query.
returns the list of former identities.
performs an operation on the parameter.
this method is called when a chart is progressed.
returns the local date representing the epoch day.
checks that all entries in the cache are empty.
find the node with the given hash.
adds a language to the list of languages.
returns the index within the specified array that is greater than or equal to the specified key.
adds a user to the database.
block mix with 128 bits.
registers a host event.
reconciles a ofm rc flow.
create a jar from a map of bytes.
appends a new cell to the end of the list.
expect the server proxy to fail.
removes the parameter with the given key.
recalculates the statistics for the given attribute.
returns true if this node is empty.
inserts a new column at the given index.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified string.
calculates the number of preceding symbols in the given production.
loads a scripted command from the given input stream.
invokes a compiled command.
computes the multinomial logistic distribution.
adds a client to the external set of clients.
deletes a file or directory.
add an exportremovevolume step to the workflow.
computes the likelihood of the inference by using the gibbs sampling algorithm.
remove a dbg token from the dbg table.
adjusts the min and pref sizes for each component in the given list of groups.
parses the given file.
writes a new byte to the escape sequence other.
get network parameters from id.
adds the certificates and crls from the given certstore to the list of crls.
writes the body of this object to the given stream.
find the angle between two points.
appends whitespace to the appendable.
clears the indices for the given resource type.
serializes the message to a byte array.
generates a list of periods representing the rolling periods.
returns the set of labels for the vertex match patterns.
resets the unread counts for the given section.
adds a new lexicon category.
callobjectmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns an object.
tries to find other messages that are connected to this host.
make the press color.
test stream from values.
caches the client user id for the consumer bean.
find the node with the given key.
returns true if this modifier is public.
this method is used to process an image and wait for it to finish.
this method is used to generate the sql statement to execute the query.
create a s2cellid from the i and j indices.
updates the state of the project actions.
closes the underlying stream.
truncates the given number to a too short number.
returns true if the given time is within the time comparison epsilon.
returns the list of histograms.
creates a label for a weekday.
appends the given path to the end of the path.
returns the index within the string of the first occurrence of the substring in the string value.
submit ( null callable ) throws nullpointerexception.
reads a single character from the stream.
adds a preprocessor directive.
formats the given long value to the given string builder.
removes all results from this profiler.
adds a constraint to the query that requires a particular key / value pair.
adds an attribute value.
copies the contents of the given input stream to the given output stream.
prints a list of type members.
initializes the basic variables for the given column.
called when a mouse button has been released.
frees space windows on the given path.
attaches a header to the given sip.
phonemises the given text using the given locale.
stops the program with the given exit code.
returns a new state with the given value.
returns the hash code of the given object.
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one.
asserts that the field and value are equal.
returns a string representation of this object.
write string array to xmlserializer.
recursively walk a directory tree.
highlight all the tags in the given text.
process an array of bytes, producing output if necessary.
returns the topic of a command.
checks that the given array is null.
executes a http get request and returns the result as a stream.
setseed ( byte [ ] seed ) method testing.
flips the given image vertically.
constructs a new morfologikfilterfactory.
wraps the given callable with a runtime exception.
pads the given string with the given amount of characters left.
returns a hash code value for this policy.
creates a new unixterminal with the default charset.
returns true if the cell is editable.
check if all streams have been checked.
adds a new package to the priority packages array.
this method is called when the action is executed.
verifies the given certificate against the given collection of crls.
expands the std output stream.
creates a new audiocapabilities object.
returns true if the edge labels are rotating.
creates an extension response code.
returns the inverse cumulative probability test values.
appends the string representation of the boolean argument to this string buffer.
deletes a set of servers.
sorts the specified range of the array into ascending numerical order.
called when a fatal error occurs.
adds a terminal to the list of terminals.
create a recursivly in zookeeper.
stop recording.
writes a tag to the output stream.
returns the hash code for this certificate.
returns the type variable.
iterates from this number down to the given number, inclusive, decrementing by one each time
adds a select clause element.
remove a listener for pv changes.
returns true if gts is normal.
creates a new showprogress object.
parses a repository expression.
closes this stream and releases any system resources associated with it.
adds a new section to the list of sections.
load a genomerelationship from a buffered reader.
parses the version string into an integer array.
computes the type of the runner.
returns true if the two doubles are equal using the given tolerance.
loads the json model from the given file.
splits the given line into comments.
create volume data for block consistency group.
converts a linkedhashmap to an object of the given type.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns null if remblock is not a start block.
checks if the user has an error.
splits the pdf document by the given size.
validates the authorization scheme set.
convert a uuid string to a uuid object.
reads the next line from the scanner.
decodes a string into a byte array.
creates a red paint with the given width and height.
returns a list of strings that match numbers in the given text.
creates an entry node with a given uuid.
asserts that the delivery states are equal.
creates a compile scope for facets.
writes a bitmap to a file.
parses the given text using the given conversation context.
replaces the first child of this element with the new child element.
returns the hash code for the given key and key3.
flushes the underlying output stream.
adds an entry to the info list.
update the sliding state.
flushes the vcf output stream.
creates a new videostream from a string.
compares this string to the specified string.
flushes the underlying stream.
starts the server and waits for it to start.
evaluates the pagination with the given entity class.
creates a new runtime collector.
deregisters a service provider.
creates a new newest first comparator.
updates the value of the series in the series.
writes a float field value.
decodes the given byte array using the decoder.
returns a path for a scroll button apart.
removes all views from the adapter.
returns true if the given mobile string is a valid mobile string.
converts an error message to a filename.
returns the hyperbolic cosine of the number.
adds a notification to the panel.
returns true if the attributes are modified.
returns the ignore descriptor for the given method.
returns a random sample of the given source.
returns the size of the message.
grabs the arguments from the signature.
javax. net. ssl. sslenginecreatessl ( ) method testing.
processes a dispatch of events.
resets the array to its initial state.
redefines the nodetype namespace and localname.
stores long value at the given position.
deletes replication sets for a given volume.
moves to the next bitmap.
read a 64 - bit long.
test of getmetadata method, of class testresultset.
creates a log implementation for discovering the log.
creates a via header.
returns a string representation of this object.
resolves the parameters of the given executable to the given target object.
returns true if the given character is a valid name character.
returns true if the given character is the start of an id.
returns a hash code value for this object.
creates a new commandhandlerenum.
returns true if the argument is a float.
called when the component is resized.
creates a new argument with the given name, description, and expected number of arguments.
removes the specified element from this list, starting at the specified position in the specified snapshot.
removes a model from the list of models.
read a map from a file.
hoeffding ln for a given number of trials.
called when a nested view has been scrolled.
test of the method, of class randomnumbergenerators.
adds the given region to the list of regions.
resets the tree to its initial state.
asserts that the given consumer throws the given exception.
returns true if all nodes and ways are empty.
asserts that the given boolean is true.
creates a new converter object.
this method is called after initializing the dbg table.
attempts to retry the request on an exception.
sorts the given file in a batch, using the given comparator.
adds a directory to the database.
returns the node in the list that is closest to the current node.
adds an amsdk id repo to the realm.
called when the user presses a key.
returns true if the given string is a hierachic string.
paints a single layer.
receive a character from the reader.
converts a byte array to a bytebuffer using the specified byte order.
write a single byte.
processes the local files in the given uri.
generates the screen on or off utternace for the given feedback index.
resets the count and start time.
reads an integer from the input stream.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
addissuer ( x500 principal ) method testing.
adds a tag transformation.
returns true if the file has been modified at the given time stamp and end offset.
returns the characters up to the next close quote character.
reads the lyrics3 tag from the given file.
evaluates the product of two vectors.
checks if the database configuration is present.
returns true if the given pin is incomplete numerically run.
generates a log alert message for a java script close window.
extracts the best grammar for a single unary rule.
parses the dom element.
computes the distance between two points.
starts the stream with the given number of conditions.
pads the given string with the given number of spaces.
registers an error result code.
adds all of the elements in the specified exception set to this exception set.
start a video.
creates a new resourceloaderlicenselocator.
returns true if the exception is intended for the given class.
instantiates a new project type registry.
adds a notification listener to the specified mbean.
subtract two negative numbers of the same length.
consumes all topics and sends messages to all consumers.
deletes all attributes of a service entry.
javax. net. ssl. algorithmparameters # init ( javax. net. ssl. algorithmparameters
checks if a class literal is possible.
loads the log file for the given license.
creates a new html tag with the given arguments.
updates the user with the given id.
computes the likelihood of a document.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns the value of the safemode property.
java. io. buffer # getbyte ( int, int, int, int, int,
adds a new item to the end of the list.
returns true if there are localized messages.
creates a dockerimage from an image name.
adds the given channel names to the list of channels.
deletes a directory and all its contents.
deletes empty folders from the database.
perform an asynchronous sum operation.
write ( byte [ ] data ) method testing.
parses the given string into a document.
returns true if the given set of production copies is a journal volume.
test to verify that a pound symbol is in the column name.
decodes a string using ascii encoding.
waits until the next poll is complete.
computes the length of an anno text.
writes an image map to a writer.
adds a message to the import note.
returns a string representation of this node.
converts a collection of objects to a list of strings.
returns the minimum element of the specified iterable.
reads bytes into an array of bytes.
associates the specified integer value with the specified key in this map.
consolidates a list of itemstacks into a list of itemstacks.
returns how many days old.
checks if the given string is a wfxml character.
xor for zero and zero.
performs a parallel flux operation on the next element of this stream.
fill ( char [ ] d ) method testing.
adds missing instances to the dataset.
inserts a list of records into the database.
removes a listener from the list of listeners that will be notified when the tab is selected.
creates a new connect uri manager.
adds volumes to parking storage group.
converts a string to an input stream using the specified character encoding.
returns true if export pkcs8 is selected.
generates a public key from a string.
creates a new number tick.
returns true if the thread is running and the cache is not null.
log a message with the given level and color.
returns true if the modifier is public.
creates a map of user preferences for the given object.
appends a string to the current json object.
deletes the user from the authentication info.
log an error message.
removes the given processor from the list of processors.
returns the animation type of the end of the recover animation.
inserts the given string onto the vector.
checks if a method is contained in a list of wrapper methods.
deletes a node from the graph.
called when an update button is pressed.
returns a string representation of this object.
checks if the class name is valid for x.
evaluates the gamma function of the given vector instance.
returns the number of batches in the batch.
decodes a url encoded byte array.
clears the attached scrapes and views.
adds a new data set.
the end of an element.
creates a new vlc library.
adds a child at the specified location.
computes the minimum path sum for the given grid.
creates a new time object.
creates a new dimageimagedialog.
minimizes a simple automaton.
compares this item with the specified object.
adds a column to the table.
check if the vector is a na ns vector.
fills a string builder with spaces at the given offset.
opens the file for writing.
calculates the k - value of two vectors.
flushes and closes the output stream.
write a list of files to a file.
marks the internal classes.
returns the cosine of this vector.
returns the ss error of the predicted values.
returns the number of prefixes.
appends the given character sequence to this writer.
convert a date to a timestamp string.
consumes the attribute with the given name.
copies the given byte array to this byte array at the given offset.
imports the given key.
creates a new instance of connectiongrouptree.
returns true if the given reader contains a single metric.
separes the metatag content.
removes the given columns from the table.
reads the service configuration from the configuration file.
refreshes the shared preferences.
adds the given type mirror to the list of inherited types.
multiply the histogram by the given value.
adds cache participants to verstore.
converts a map to a json string.
prints the message and context to the given printstream.
returns the number of methods in this class.
stores a request id in the request ids map.
saves the mni post.
helper method to go to update page.
creates an element in the given scope.
converts a collection of virtualfiles to a list of relative paths.
ensures that the system security manager is set.
calculates the rate for a p_c_id, p_c_id, p
performs an interaction on the given server socket.
creates a new engine id.
parses an xml file and returns a list of rules.
encrypt and replace the wss document.
adds an issue to the transformation.
inserts the node at the specified position in the tree.
returns the ntlm hash of the given password.
returns true if the given value is between zero and one.
substitutes the macros of the given parameter value with the given macrohandler.
calculates the power of this vector with the given exp.
splits a class name into a list of camel case strings.
selects a nodelist from a document.
creates a new result entry with the specified population and properties.
generates the discovery element.
creates a new basictype with the given type and type.
this method is called when an action occurs.
apply all parameter types to the service.
rotates the left subtree of the given subtree.
adds a new node to the cluster.
checks if a backup set exists.
convert a string to an array of quoted and comma separated strings.
write a string without compression.
parses a threshold file.
shuts down the server.
convert a point to a view.
called when the connection has been established.
adds a setup descriptor.
compiles the given progress success action.
returns a string containing all float values concatenated by the given separator.
stores an unsigned byte into the given bytebuffer.
returns the number of parameters in the given string.
optimizes the given trie.
returns true if all permissions have been denied.
returns a string representation of the filter.
creates a formatter for the given locale and chronology.
waits for the external store to mount.
pushes the given value onto the top of this stack.
uploads the given local file to the device and installs the app.
reads a stream as a byte array.
uninstalls a package silently.
open the audio at the given position.
sets the names of the files to be built.
tests step by one with a closure.
normalizes the given bigdecimal to the given allowed precision.
deserializes a string into a dom node.
appends the given parameters to the given base url.
send an event to the agent.
apply the filters to the jms queues and topics.
iterate over the tuples and index the given field.
closes an outputstream without throwing an exception.
add a search listener.
returns true if this is a single attribute container.
creates a new cache entry and renames it to the new location.
open the given file.
toggles the selection of a photo.
this method is called before the clock is ticked.
maps a byte to a byte.
invokes the method and returns the event.
wrap a name if it is a keyword or built - in.
adds a new issue matcher.
find the inject scope for the given annotatedelement.
regopenkey registers an open key in the native int array.
remove a property change listener.
returns the index of the previous element in the iterator.
creates a new instance of deferredimagereplacementelement.
returns true if this name starts with the specified name.
invokeall ( l ) returns all futures.
creates a new internal listener.
sign the given hash.
constructs a new timeperiod.
creates the edit menu.
removes a listener from the list of listeners.
sets the current state of the model.
returns true if this is a bom.
returns true if the certificate is signed.
parses the given text into an object.
returns the number of parts.
creates a simple database with the given parameters.
adds the file filter to the given chooser.
called when the service is stopped.
returns the next token from the source.
eliminar usuarios organo.
adds a previous layer to the list of layers.
shiftright ( int n ) a positive number.
compute the ig - norm of two arrays.
finds the first non - whitespace character in the string.
reads the content of this stream.
constructs a primitive with the given value.
creates cash based journal and reversals for a list of tax details.
reads bytes from this reader into the specified destination buffer.
clears the time between two calendars.
returns the probability distribution function.
appends an unpadded integer to the given stringbuffer.
draws the text elements.
test de busqueda active directory with limit.
handle a global key event.
returns a hash code value for this position.
strip leading period from a string.
returns true if the given directory is one of the required configuration directories.
removes empty labels from the list.
rotates the z axis by the given angle.
convert a time in milliseconds to nanoseconds.
perform an asynchronous max operation.
creates a balanced web client with the specified username and password.
creates an array signature for the given type signature.
prints the line separator.
increases the size of the buffer to the given minimum.
handles the enumerated attribute.
checks if is load more.
adds a worker if it's not already idle.
removes the node from the frontier.
creates a bitmap font.
returns true if the given memory pool is a tenured memory pool.
returns a simple string representation of this object.
returns the first element of the callable that is not an interpreter.
adds a selector to the protocol dispatch selector.
adds a header to the request.
reads the skeleton from the given reader.
returns a set of non - monogamous samples from a collection of families.
creates the vao for the scene.
returns true if the given file contains the given content.
load an image from a file.
updates the status of all egdm collected receipts when cancelled.
adds an array of animations to the animation list.
cleans up the discovery of the given system.
this method is used to initialize the parser.
checks if the given string exists in the given range.
unregisters all files in the directory.
adds a property to the criteria.
removes the specified column from the table.
checks if an unmanaged protection set exists in the db.
put string into byte array.
check the hive query against the hive query.
applies the given function to this set and returns the updated value.
closes the window and releases any system resources.
returns true if the given loadbalancer service should move.
converts the throwables to their corresponding messages.
creates a new raf object.
adds the specified number of minutes to the list of values.
recomposes the given variable.
this method is called when a bound property is changed on a component.
sorts the given array in ascending numerical order.
executes a sql update.
performs a text normal command.
initialize the database with the given connection.
adds the given indices to the list.
returns true if the cookie is secure.
loads a list of objectmodels from a json stream.
creates a multistepexprlist from a list of loc paths.
add wordlen weights to a channel.
updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate3 ( ). updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate
prunes exceptional output blocks.
returns a string representation of this string.
parses the content type from a byte array.
benchmark for non - caching.
add a line to the current path.
parses the stdout and stderr lines and returns a conflictresult object.
sends the start of the message to the output stream.
adds the actual qty.
returns true if the character is a vowel.
prints the stack trace of the given sql exception.
read data from the input stream.
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
creates a new row panel for the given component.
adds the given elements to the list of target elements.
add a curve to the path.
divide : rounding mode is round_up, result is negative ; distance = 1.
open the counter data input stream.
creates a new compositepredicate.
reads the next token from the tokenizer.
convert a string to a string.
test if a file exists.
builds the associations from the given data.
replaces the first occurrence of the given string with the given string.
instantiates a new location helper.
adds the given object to the list of objects.
returns the first child element with the given name.
main entry point for the demo.
returns a hash code value for this string.
tests the functionality of the method, which allows to add all helper text colors.
normalizes an array of doubles.
writes a message to a file.
returns a hash code value for this object.
returns a random number between start and end.
writes a file to the output stream.
called when a configuration has changed.
gets a keymap from the given key.
returns true if the given name is a gm name.
massages the uri to ensure that it is a valid uri.
deletes the mapping with the specified key from this map.
adds a whole match to the given string builder.
sets the stop at the current time.
returns a single row of the matrix.
removes the specified characters from the specified string.
adds all columns to the result set.
copies the contents of the given stream to the given output stream.
checks to see if there is a stream drawer in the list view.
java. math. bigdecimal # value ( java. math. bigdecimal, java. math
copy a component from one component to another.
computes the zetastatic distribution.
calculates the total pending advance paid for a work order estimate.
loads a user profile.
scrolls the list by the given increment.
returns true if the symbol needs quoting.
parses a commit counter file name.
loads a document from the given file.
creates a new floating comment node.
returns true if the given assign id is one of the hod departments.
sets the mode for a single label.
returns an array of statvalue matching the spec.
assign cluster nums to children.
closes the subpath.
instantiates a new tv show episode scrape task.
save selection to minitable.
creates a new instance of m_notif_types.
cleans a build task.
creates a new temporary directory for the given parent directory.
move the poi to a new location.
send an event to the plugin.
handles the pressed button of a column.
creates a list of fixed records.
adds the specified attributes to the query params if they are not already present.
recomposes the attribute sets.
splits a string into a list of strings using the given regular expression.
deletes the dbffdc files in the given directory.
finds the last node in the list.
appends data to the nal unit.
returns the size of the given directory.
pans the image to the absolute value.
checks that the serialized object is equal to the object's hash code.
returns the reference guide url.
returns the mean of a list of numbers.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
creates an input stream from the given url.
processes the enable fullscreen runnable.
converts an html entity to a string.
writes a byte array to the buffer.
unlocks the ui for the given process info.
builds a map of uri to storagesystem for a list of volume descriptors.
encrypts the given plain text using the given password.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
removes the listener from the editor.
returns true if the connection is secure.
sample a record.
prepares the tenant create param for the given tenant.
force an internal error to be thrown.
draws the highlight of the node.
returns an instance of the imageencoder for the given format.
apply a pinch zoom image to an imageview.
parses a file option.
returns true if the acct balance is balanced.
ensures that the receiver can hold at least the specified number of elements.
returns the detail base for the given method.
closes the output stream.
locks the awt thread.
creates a new statement using the specified method.
removes a document with the given id.
switches the setup dialog.
load a client object from the authorization request.
adds a field property.
parses the no wild cards.
returns the baggage environment variable.
draws a series on the canvas.
listens to the mod log.
checks if the given class name is a valid class name.
sets the clock to a new minute.
checks if data collection scan job scheduling is needed.
removes breakpoints from the breakpoint manager.
replaces the template name with the template name.
reads the remoteeventlistener from the given stream.
adds the specified item to the end of the list.
converts a byte array to a hex string.
create a cluster server.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
minimalcompleted ( ) method testing.
writes a directory post resource.
trims the given array to the given size.
returns the potiontype with the given name.
remove a curl mesh.
sample a nbest list.
post a runnable to the handler.
returns true if the map is closed.
inserts a think time into the script.
adds a node to the graph.
ensures that the buffer has at least the specified minimum capacity.
removes the given name from the list of names.
reads a collection from the given input stream.
adds an entity and weapon to the list of targeted entities.
check if checkpoint exists.
creates an omimageicon with the given values.
copy a stream to an output stream.
write the header to the pdf file.
parses a string from the stream.
code to unwrap a return value.
formats an array of parts into a link string.
creates a new jsonexception with the given throwable as a cause and source of error message.
check the given array of strings for validity.
loads the patterns from the file.
returns the list of directories in the given directory.
writes the contents of this edit to the given string buffer, indenting each of its children.
encodes the given integer into the given appendable.
removes the specified overlay from the specified cell.
removes the foreign key at the given index.
inserts the string representation of the int argument into this string buffer.
adds a gefaehrdung to the list of all gefaehrdungs
normalizes a class path.
creates a new instance of as.
pushes the specified value onto the top of this stack.
converts a string node to a string.
updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate7 ( ). updates foreign key value using foreign key
perform a history read operation.
validates that the uri is valid.
this method is called when the writer is finished writing.
converts an offset to a physical address.
this method is called when an entity declaration is encountered.
returns true if the user is authorized to perform the given operation.
returns the next element in the list.
adds a list of messages to the player.
sets the rational function.
creates a new generic principal.
compares this crl with another.
roll 1 d6 roll 1.
convert an array of septets into an array of octets.
creates a new panel object.
returns the height of the marker at the given index.
consumes a batch of topics from a group.
computes the distance between two instances.
finds the sameas chaining for the given subj.
reindex a table in the database.
returns a dot representation of this inference context.
resizes the tables based on the max data size.
returns true if there is a next inet socket address.
convert a percentile level to x.
gets queue name from db name.
returns the id for the given type, id and context.
calculates the angle between two touch states.
returns a 16 - bit unsigned integer from the data at the given offset.
removes quotes encolosing option from a file.
generates the label for the given series.
returns true if the given string matches the given pattern.
adjusts the dimension to a new preferred size.
finds the declared field with the given name and descriptor.
constructs a new instance, based on the specified date / time and time zone.
instantiates a new util.
associates the specified float value with the specified key in this dictionary with the specified value.
read a boolean value from a json array.
auto boxing a field.
open the pdf file.
main entry point for the application.
awaits for a match.
construct one signatures from partitions and markers.
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number.
finds the end of trim newline chars.
calculates the coordinates of the glyph.
convert a julian to a date.
removes the last element from the queue.
serializes a compact rdf node.
creates a utility table query using the given network, query var, and evidence.
convert a list of strings to a float array.
adds the current image to the list.
parses the data from the given stream.
finds the best insertion point for the given partial route.
writes a short to the target stream.
returns true if the pool is initialized.
called when the user clicks on a register.
register extra valid subject.
trims the line from the beginning of the line.
returns the distance between two points.
appends an instruction to the given builder.
returns an iterator over the order list.
verifies that the given domains is not in use.
filter a set of circle intersections.
initializes the test with the given fixture and method.
finds the serialization type for the given annotated type.
convert an input to an output stream.
creates a new map with the given keys and values.
writes an array of characters.
load a synthesis voice.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
add an incremental classifier listener.
read a 4 - bit integer from the stream.
generates a collection of certificates from the given input stream.
checks if files exist on dest but not on src.
convert the order expression list into the blackboard order expression list.
tick a block in the world.
update the purchase state for the given order.
configures the message label.
removes all limit lines.
removes all elements from the given stream.
computes the metering rectangles for a normalized device coordinates.
flushes the underlying output stream.
constructs a vector from an array of doubles.
implements the visitor to look for inner classes with the given name.
convert a lon value to a pixel value.
returns true if the world file values appear in geographic coordinates.
stores the given number in the given register.
removes a session from the list of remote sessions.
returns a string representation of this vector.
returns an iterator over the children of this page.
enable the opt - out mode.
creates a new instance of hmacalgorithm.
returns true if the string starts with the specified string.
writes the remaining bytes of the given value to the output.
returns true if the given class is a src class.
process a ldif file.
prints the progress to the console.
post a remote release lock.
loads positions from the database.
creates a toggle box with the given text and icon.
adds the given batch to the list of requests that have been completed.
dequeues an output buffer.
creates a default jobdefinition with fixed delay.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
stores long value into local variable.
creates a minimal split for the given input folder with the given number of folds.
sign the xml document with the given alias.
displays the current popup.
creates a new abstractsdfwriter.
guesses the best firing plan under the specified maximum heat.
creates a new instance of volumegrouprest rep for a given volumegroup.
post files to the given output stream.
clears the list of searchables.
adds an action listener.
adds a new ingredient to the recipe.
returns the string representation of the order by.
finds a clone of the given key in the given clone list.
converts a string to a byte array.
returns true if the given string looks like abg.
called before the build is started.
adds the given character as a meta character.
lookups the matching items for the given template.
find history by job.
quote the given character.
updates the remaining cost of the landmarks.
returns a string representation of this object.
draws the indicator for the overflow indicator.
writes the time and column values to the writer.
checks if is pem.
creates a new closelistener.
sets the routing for this request.
receive data from the server.
force delete attribute at given position.
adds the specified locale to the list of labels.
wraps the given key into a byte array.
creates a new plugin loader.
adds a separator to the log.
tests whether the save location exists in the external storage.
loads a list of raw modules from the database.
write the data to the image output stream.
rounds a double value to a random number in the range [ 0, 1 ].
converts a map of properties to a map of type name to return types.
parses the register information from a node.
creates a new namedthreadfactory.
tests whether a metric message contains a uint16 metric.
adds a new sipservertransaction to this sipservertransaction.
sleeps for a given amount of time.
test split and join of pipe properties.
java. util. hashmap # readvalue ( string, int ) method testing.
returns true if this thread is busy.
parses a byte array and writes it to the given stream.
resets the download bandwidth.
tests whether a security role is correctly merged into an empty document.
decodes a full revision.
removes all child characters from the given node.
unlinks p and trail.
mix two frictions.
serializes an object to a json string.
compiles a static method.
checks if native volume expansion is supported.
update the gui of the roster entry.
converts a number to an oizp number.
returns this size with the given terminal size.
checks if gzip is allowed.
creates a new replay processor.
called when conversations are shown.
reads a single byte from the stream.
enqueues a job to be executed.
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number.
the start of an element.
draws a string at the specified location.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
update the cnonce parameters.
matches the storage pools with the given rp system id.
calculates the fee for a player.
adds the search history.
trims a list of source files.
returns a string representation of each element in this array, using the given string as a separator.
write a short to the output stream.
sets the order by of the query.
constructs a stemmedstring from orig and stemmed string.
creates a new lognetworkstream merger.
pack cipher suites into a string.
creates a new extension file filter.
ensures that the tuple array is large enough to hold the given row.
returns true if the argument is a valid argument.
removes all children of the given node of the given type.
lazy set the value at the current offset.
returns true if the given savepoint is a valid savepoint.
creates a list of columns for the given result set.
write a collection of strings to a file.
removes all of the elements from this list.
resets the uid validity.
writes a ogg page header.
handles a static site request.
removes a room from the list of rooms.
discharge an amount of energy from an item stack.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list in proper sequence.
adds all of the elements in the specified collection to the selection.
returns true if the given feature is in the mode.
returns a set of backup partitions for the given node.
sets the image url of the loader.
builds the ptr matrix.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
creates a new line bidi.
checks if the caller is valid for the given package.
paints the background of the internal frame title pane.
add a graph listener.
restarts and installs patches if necessary.
aligns a real vector with a pred vector.
returns true if the given product id is a category.
creates new form allstatstablemulti.
appends a file to the ftp server.
provide a list of white spaces.
returns true if the given name is a scoped name.
creates a new input object.
load properties from a file.
generates a sprint message for a boolean field.
write a list of views to a stringwriter.
removes all listeners from the database.
load an audiomaptype from a xml file.
adds a generic attribute to the generic attribute list.
adds a list of fahrt events to the list of events.
creates a new instance of the given provider class.
checks that the given uuid is valid.
prepares the output stream for writing.
cleans up the remote sessions.
writes the trace angle restriction to the stream.
creates an iv from a literal value.
adds a header to the request.
adds a leaf atom to the tree.
cumulative density function of the normal distribution.
removes the result with the given name.
adds an entry to the filter.
mod ( biginteger a ).
creates a new dentryentrydialog.
executes the given sql expression and returns the sum.
calculates the x - axis offset.
called when the activity is finished.
runs the test case.
adds a number of days to the current date.
creates a temporary file for the given mime type.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
removes the entry at the given index in the dataset at the given index.
runs a read test on the given byte array.
closes the given resource.
removes the specified object from the priority queue.
creates a raster that is compatible with this raster.
returns the command line arguments for the scheduler.
adds a solrinputdocument to the analysis request.
perform a phase on the given key.
creates a new simple system permission set.
add a bezier curve to the graph.
read the buckets from the shared preferences.
returns the next character in the stream.
accept an app offer.
verifies the given public key using the given signature provider.
injects the activity module into the activity scope graph.
wait for the writer to be written.
read a local date.
removes a selection listener.
write a number of hex digits.
reads the contents of the given input stream into a string.
convert a list of type parameters to a list of type parameters.
free space on unix systems.
reads all bytes from the inputstream and closes the stream.
returns true if n is within two moves of goal.
creates a new penn treebank reader.
unwraps an array of bytes.
closes the write stream.
applies the given rowchangedata to the database.
normalizes a namedlist into a single namedlist.
returns true if the value is infinite.
returns a string representation of the inprogress log segment.
adds the given value to the list of categories.
receive redundancy from the input stream.
output a doctype declaration.
returns true if the given vector is a valid vector.
resolves a base url to a target url.
returns the maximum depth of the given node.
parses a path into an array of urls.
adds the given stacks to the final recipe.
fire a connection closed event.
stores int value into object, volatile.
creates a new number strategy.
creates a uri from a server inetset.
creates a new plot navigator.
adds a new column to the model.
constructs a new point comparator.
adds an element to the root element.
flush the buffer to the output stream.
adds a character to the end of the list.
adds an instance of the given class.
reads bytes from the input stream.
returns true if the window is displayed expecting components.
process a test run started tag.
inserts the string representation of the specified character into this string builder at the specified offset.
adds a root to the list of root elements.
expands the given element or tree path to the given element or tree path.
appends a new cell with the given float value.
creates a new svn configuration object.
ensures that the canvas has the given maximum width and height.
returns true if the given character sequence is normalized according to the given option.
returns a string representation of this attribute.
unescapes som characters in a string.
saves the given entity to the database.
reads a copystate from the input stream.
this method is called before the name is added to the stack.
redeems the given token number and service.
lighten a color by the given factor.
converts operand size to database string.
returns the file name of a class.
writes a process variable to the output.
asserts that the given qualname is valid.
format a float array to a stringbuilder.
packs a string into an int array.
removes the viewpoints at the given indices.
clears the on page change listeners.
updates the background color of the breakpoint.
removes a view from the list of ignored views.
write the cache header to the output stream.
ensures that the given resource is in the current system time.
computes the maximum fill value for a given number.
clears the list of categories and values.
toggles the selected section.
combine a list of files to an output file.
stop the scroller and stop the instance.
execute two kahanobjects.
creates a fixed length response with the given message.
peeks the next element from the stream.
replaces the end point in the url with the end point.
make a path that is ok.
adds a member value to the pool.
adds whitespace to a list of strings.
computes the qualified type name for a widget node.
processes a ftyp atom.
parses the given string using the given separator.
perform an http delete request.
computes the sum for a set of values.
returns a copy of this table.
adds a sub - configuration to this configuration.
returns a map of resource name to display name.
creates a new intcolumn with the specified capacity and default value.
returns a string representation of this object.
executes the potential work for a given imageview.
adds a bitmap to the bitmap queue.
adds the given listener to the list of afterserverstart listeners.
returns the number of bytes available in the stream.
creates a new relation notification.
adds a row to the store.
returns true if the given host or domain is a local host or domain.
computes the entropy for a set of datasets.
save working instances to a file.
calculates the color of the halo.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
adjusts the indent by setting the offset of the current alignment.
appends the code to the given stringbuilder.
constructs a forward planner using the given dialogue system.
adds a button to the given container.
returns true if the tag value is equal to the given tag value, false otherwise.
converts a business object data key to a string.
creates the talk usage.
returns the enclosing method call.
generates an iso image for a ovfenv.
creates an actionable event.
instantiates a new rational object.
removes all notifications of the specified type.
unify the rule conclusion via an atom.
adds a uuid to the ssf node.
returns the offset of the given object field.
convert the object to an xml string.
dispose of the run button.
returns a new instance with the additional source to be added to the end of the additional source array
shuts down the server thread.
returns true if the given local id is a valid local id.
binds the given server socket bar to this bar.
checks if the given node is interrupted or not.
resets the output builders.
write the xml representation of this object to the specified file.
removes a resource listener.
test of hasmainactivity method, of class lintproject.
informs the messagebuffer that the name matches the candidate name.
writes the header to the file.
returns the java vendor name.
creates a new voiceresult.
recursively treeify the tree.
adds a set of category names to the tree.
adds a listener to be notified about drawer events.
activity to edit a note.
adds an entry to the list.
unhides the action bar.
formats a time delta.
deconvolve an array of doubles by a given rate.
collapses newlines in a string.
this method is used to convert the object value given to an appropriate representation.
calculates the total of all values in a column.
open the analysis file.
this method is called when all the children of the beancontext have been removed from the beancontext
processes the given item and returns the result as a string.
remove instances from containers.
draws a normal message.
kill consist of adr button.
start listening for messages.
parses a set of flags from a bitmask.
verifies the given signature.
adds a match string.
returns a string representing the current time in milliseconds since the epoch.
convert hex string to byte array.
stops tracking the given job.
returns the variance of the variance.
returns a string representation of this coefficient.
creates a new skeletonversion checker.
upgrades an existing attribute.
convert a canonical name to dalvik name.
emit ensure collection.
unregisters a client from the acceptor.
removes double quotes from a resource.
allocates a new container.
returns true if the uri represents a local resource.
wait for a path to be mounted.
returns true if this resource is a zone level resource.
validates the message type and return code.
closes all databases.
calculates the md5 digest of the given message.
run a metastore compare job.
deletes all people containers in this group.
tests finding the number of uids in a mailbox.
queues an event to be processed.
adds a message to the list of error messages.
ensures that the capacity of the buffer is at least targetsize.
writes a key - value pair.
executes a solrqueryrequest using the specified handler.
returns true if both links have the same freespeed and capacity.
generates a sanitized id.
remove a provider from the list of providers.
parses an xml element.
formats a money object to a string.
deletes an instance of the specified class from the list of entry classes.
reads the settings from the script.
logs a warning message.
reads a stream as a string.
creates a new arrayfieldvector with the specified size and preset.
unregisters a transaction service plugin.
sorts the array of floats in ascending numerical order.
tests whether two classes are consistent with the same type.
find and initialize the map bean.
removes all layers from the list.
returns the number of productions.
create a full path optimistically.
this method is used to write an object to an output stream.
compares this q with another.
constructs a reflectiveattribute with the specified type, field and name.
process an event and add it to the log.
removes a listener from the list of listeners.
adds a message to a uri.
present the textures in the current state.
returns the next calendar in the year.
binds the angular object to the local repository.
removes all of the elements in the specified list from the specified indexes.
creates a new tree model.
returns true if the string is an object.
calculates the interpolation value.
auto - request the mods for this channel.
returns true if this sequence contains the specified value.
renames a file.
handle the number of errors in the system.
removes the specified sensor from the selection.
prints a way to the console.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns the full path of the given managed object.
returns true if there is a next proxy in the list of proxies.
returns true if no object was clicked on.
returns a hash code for this object.
sets the measurement mappings.
extracts the contents of a zip file into a directory.
creates a new config with the given file.
creates new form gotolinedialog.
send a teardown request.
parse more data from a jpeg image.
test ping of simple ear.
returns the length of the filled array.
returns true if the specified object is equal to this prefix.
notify the wifi monitor.
check if an array key exists in the visited post.
remove a diagram change listener.
creates a new connectivity grid.
strip leading dollar from a string.
clears the host context.
constructs a p - value pair.
starts a new stage with the given stage.
accept a new data point.
merges this set with the specified set.
creates a new tailer.
is operating system mac operating system?.
returns the number of values in this set.
creates a new dsigner dialog.
trims the right trim character of a string.
adds a message to the fifo.
disposes this menu item.
returns the signed distance between this point and the given point.
expands the given number string into real words.
returns an array containing the ones of the specified number.
submits the permissions to the activity.
tests setting a property on a deployable element.
creates a new instance of navilogger.
creates a new delete sub - command.
removes all cycles from the graph.
returns a string representation of the given matrix.
find the ancestor context that matches the given pattern in the given context.
kills the current thread.
encodes the given character buffer.
creates a new metrics instance with the given dimension map.
resolves the class with the specified descriptor.
returns true if the shape contains the given point.
adds an element at the specified position in the specified array.
returns whether anti - aliasing is enabled.
load the level file for the given table and column.
validates a zero - long file.
writes the contents of this list to the specified stream.
apply a mask to a value.
computes the duration in milliseconds.
read the nitf data from the binary file.
take a screenshot of the driver.