returns the current depth.
compute the union size of two bitsets.
called when the closing of the dialog has been completed.
returns a description of the classifier.
returns a new sector that is the union of this sector and that.
returns true if the two double values are equal.
int value of a positive bigdecimal.
recursively walk through the directory tree.
get an array containing all values in the given tuple set that match the given field.
divide : rounding mode is invalid.
processes a dataset change event.
this method is called when the scheduler is ready to be used as a library.
check if the given type is a string type.
validates the sql statement.
converts to object array.
is this logger instance enabled for the finest level?.
use a missile if it is not holding any other weapon.
instantiates a new tcp matcher.
determine the maximum level of reciprocals for a given level in a graph.
request a confirmation of the user's pass code.
locks up profiler and removes a worker from the worker set.
insertfunctionalitytest2 # testinsert4 ( ). inserts a row into the table
put a map entry in the disk.
receive notification of the end of an element.
send a fatal log message.
deletes all leaves with the given name.
returns a string representation of the receiver, containing the string representation of each element.
validates a given char array against a given bit set.
removes the specified shutdown hook.
bound the stack scroll if necessary.
waits for volumes to be visible.
subclasses can override this method to provide additional services.
updates the indicator view based on the indicator file.
paints the image on the canvas.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection via the named event.
returns true if the name is prefixed.
release any connection to the database.
adds a collection of actions to the quickactionview.
add a renderer to the renderer list at the specified index.
copies an inputstream to an outputstream.
calculates the needed angle for a given value.
return a buffer to the pool.
creates a new instance.
returns a new charseq containing the concatenated string representation of this charseq and the given char
responds to a get request.
notify the progress bar that the state of the progress bar has changed.
test for getorder ( ) method.
formats and logs a message with a throwable.
constructs the redis key for the pinlater queue.
decodes the given string using the given charset.
adds a domain name to the list of restricted domains.
creates a new stoppablereadlock object.
test of isautoincrement method, of class rsmd.
copy the contents of the given byte array to the given outputstream.
returns true if the list is empty.
renders a single frame.
check to see if a string is a valid ncname according to [ 4 ] from the xml
appends a message to the end of this list.
prepares the data set.
builds a registrar array from the set of proxies.
check that the given string is a valid object name.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
removes the recurrence rule.
copy nodes from the current nodeset into this nodeset.
checks to see if we need to re - fetch the data.
creates a documenttype with the given qualified name, public id and system id.
returns the contents of this field as a byte array.
returns the enum with the given name, or the defaultvalue if no such enum is found.
get the next avc au for a given stream.
create a map of uri - > exportmask.
inserts the specified element at the specified position in this array.
write an image without scaling.
put a source tree node in the source tree cache.
updates the current progress.
copy the contents of the given inputstream to the given outputstream.
fades an audio file using sox.
draws the scroll view to the given canvas.
loads properties from an array of classes.
add zero to zero.
fix gps date time.
checks if the cell consumes the given event type.
reads a single character.
create the y axis.
returns the maximum value.
prints the given file.
extend this grounding with the other grounding.
expect the next token to match the pattern.
tests that the gettabletypes ( ) method returns the correct order.
updates the cache for the given file path.
removes a listener from the set listening to this view.
returns the descriptor corresponding to a field signature.
adds an array of parameters to the request body.
converts the annotation to an atomannotationclass.
returns true if the resource with the given id is supported by this resource manager.
create an electronictext method.
constructs a patternguardexpression with the given namespace, name and parameters.
computes the intersection of two line segments.
remove o from origset and return o.
returns the current unix timestamp in milliseconds.
is this a pdf file?.
draws the background of grids.
opens a stream to a file.
unpacks the compressed character translation table.
called when tmp files have been copied.
returns the common pool submitter queue.
returns true if the field is package private.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_up, result is positive ; distance = - 1
converts all codes in a string to lower case.
loads the units, units, and types from the given input stream.
calculates the radius of the selector.
determines the width of this view.
test verifies that getbyte ( int ) and getbyte ( int ) methods return the correct byte
this method is called when the user has been added.
parse a local number.
convert a list of path objects to pixels.
decodes a base64 string into its original form.
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method.
slides the view from top to bottom.
creates a new mutablebiginteger that wraps the specified mutablebiginteger.
handle a sso binding error request.
instantiates a new checkpoint manager.
creates a new index segment.
check if the connection has been closed.
inserts a parameter value into a map.
returns the minimum dimensions needed to layout the specified target container.
selects the item at the specified position.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
ignorable whitespace. if include ignorable whitespace is set to true, then the text will be appended
waits for an editor to be active.
returns the solution with the largest objective value in the population.
converts a latm coordinate to a y coordinate.
registers a callback handler.
parses a property list from the given input stream.
computes the score for the current iteration.
instantiates a new grammaticality estimator.
checks to see if there is a zone link in the input string.
checks that all values in the array are not nan.
processes a connection event.
returns the percentage of values in the range.
quiet closes given closeable, ignoring possible checked exception.
release lucee pagecontext object.
add a sip event listener.
returns true if a journal rebuild is required.
converts a string to a byte array.
loads properties from the given classpath resource.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
parses a name value pair.
handle a pull event.
returns the mappingobject at the given location in the given map.
parses the given json file and returns the result as a string.
compute and return the set of diffs for the two texts.
constructs a new repository.
count the number of tokens in the string.
index a code index document.
resets all common components.
handles an exception that occurred during the execution of the command.
reads the default serializable fields from the given input stream.
paint the arrow in enabled state.
logs a thrown exception at the given level.
convert zero bigdecimal to biginteger.
called when the accuracy of an accelerometer changes.
returns whether or not trailing arguments are allowed.
setmaxcrl ( biginteger maxcrl ) method testing.
show a popup menu if the mouse event is a popup trigger.
removes a task from the queue.
java. math. bigdecimal # divide ( java. math.
ensures that the given path exists.
loads the class with the given name.
determines the height of this view.
returns true if the view is a child of the list that is under the given point ( x
instantiates a new rules.
writes a byte array to a file creating the file if it does not exist.
adds an item to the adapter.
check if there are pending custom messages to process.
determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction.
parses the current node and returns the number of elements added.
calculates the height multiplier of a scramble image.
test for verifying that numeric scalars are correctly converted to strings.
close all callbacks except for the cache loader, writer and eviction controller.
static version of indexOf, to allow repeated calls without needing to re - acquire array each time
populates the profiles combo box.
check the header of a file.
absolute value of the left half of the value.
maps an algorithm name to an oid.
provide reflective behavior to construct instance of generator given an array of string arguments.
refills the input buffer.
this method is called when the mouse is pressed, released or pressed.
adds a module to the module service map.
checks if there are all tables in the database.
classifies a set of features.
binds the header view holder at the given position.
updates the line list depending on the current selection state.
draws a rectangle of given half width and half height, centered on ( x, y ).
refreshes the loading views size.
replaces the split element at the given index with the given splitelement.
start an item list.
returns the number of splits to use for the given number of records.
invoked when the mouse has been clicked on a component.
scans the given source directory for files that match the given include / exclude lists.
returns true if there are any postponed routes.
returns true if at least one widget is selected.
constructs path from a uri.
reads a xml element attribute ans cast it to a int value.
fully read a reader and return it as a string.
adds the getters for the given property.
marks an entry as used.
returns the success message.
handles a state that has just been left.
registers implementing class of the signature algorithm with algorithmuri.
instantiates key value persistence settings.
returns true if the input string contains a word breaking character.
checks the intersections of the segments in the list of segments.
removes the first occurrence, starting at the beginning and moving towards the end, of the specified object
composes two unaryoperators.
adds column specifications to the list of column specs.
converts a field name to a java field name.
generates a random key.
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method.
executes the given sql statements in the given database.
create a new journal that omits redundant information.
refreshes the done button.
creates the migration task editor.
expands the buffer to accomodate the specified number of bytes.
converts an ip address string to an integer.
closes the cursor and removes it from the map.
returns true if there is another element that matches the pattern.
generates the instruction to push the given integer on the stack.
creates an xml node with the given name, attributes and content.
adds an item to the adapter at the specified position.
notify the listener that the operation failed.
transforms the given source to the given stylesheet.
splits the input string into a list of strings with the default delimiter escaped.
reads a token from the reader, blocking until a token is available.
delete an obligation from the state.
clips the view on the right.
creates a new compound package content object.
checks to see if all subspace attributes are covered by this subspace definition.
finds all values in the given string.
returns the position of the first occurrence of the specified element in the array, or - 1 if
appends a string to the list of strings associated with the name.
compares this certificate with another, for equality.
appending the between operator clause.
encodes a string into a byte array.
compute the histogram of values in a geo time serie.
computes the weights of a node and all its children.
instantiates a new searcher.
adds a field to run the query against.
combines two stages using the given function.
builds the create schema statement.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
creates a new streaminfomanager object.
returns the conjunction as a sentence.
determine if the expression consists of pronouns.
output the sql type for a java short.
tokenizes the given source string using the given separator.
write all modified favorites to the data stream.
updates the average by the nanoseconds since the last update.
returns a list of validationerrormessage objects for this paymentproduct.
creates a new instance of keystorestate.
create a new cryptoresult.
called when the state of the simulation changes.
parses a delimited string list.
initializes the layout of the panel.
returns true if the animation is currently running.
creates a default mosaic definition.
creates a new result for the given node, clauses and relation.
sets the default ssl socket factory for all certificates.
returns true if the component is in need of form.
add listeners to the distribution.
safe sqrt ( - x ).
runs callables in multiple threads.
append a character to the buffer.
initializes the owner references for the given field.
builds a query to retrieve the union of the columns in the table.
constructs a node at the given point.
increments the count of added records.
revert a list of chunks.
returns a new array that contains all of the elements in the specified array.
creates a new value iterator.
ascends the tree to the root.
returns true if this stream can be read.
writes the contents of the buffer to the specified byte array starting at the specified offset.
called when an item was dismissed.
returns the probability distribution function.
sorts the given array in ascending natural order using the given comparer.
add a zoom listener.
clears the dependency graph for all registers in the given range.
fire when an annotation was selected.
verifies the server evidence message.
handles a text event.
removes a service from the registry.
returns the name of the attribute, or null if the attribute does not exist.
creates a new escapedwriter.
checks if cookie has expired.
record a record using a recordbuilder.
checks if the method is correct.
remainder of division of two numbers of different signs.
resets the property to its default state.
\ brief calculates the euclidean distance between two vectors.
check if the backup info file is valid.
converts the given string to lower case.
create a negative number from a sign and an array of bytes.
builds an opus comment.
asserts that two event beans have the same properties.
returns the number of elements in this set.
converts the given string to upper case.
returns an iterator over all edges required by this rule specification.
unlocks the current thread.
formats the given text as a java doc box.
force a number string to be a two - digit string.
adds a new drop item.
finds all instances of the specified type that have the specified primary keys.
load workflow and set attributes.
returns the hash code value for this object.
removes a tag from the list of tags.
verifies the given secp256k1 signature.
deletes a directory and all its contents.
assert the contents of an iterator are the same.
formats the finished percentage of a rollout group.
generates a host name based on the vm name and host id.
transfer all data from a file.
removes leading and trailing whitespace from the given expression.
determines if all pie segments in the dataset are present.
draw the next event time.
creates the lines for the given text.
returns the square root of the specified value.
calculates the number of transitions between two resultpoints.
convert a long to a string of bits.
encodes a byte array using the url safe encoding scheme.
creates a new message tokenizer.
blocks until at least one of the parties is available for the given id.
loads the translation cache if the cache is empty.
creates a new nav mouse mode.
adds a new event to the simulation.
stops the timer with the given name.
returns a summary of the matrix.
creates a temporary directory and returns it.
draws a horizontal span across the chart.
extents all items in the list to whole connections.
creates a new key builder with the specified collator choice, locale, strength and decomposition mode.
returns the list of possible parents of the given node with the given knowledge.
configure from a properties file.
open a new connection to the database.
adds a list of projects to a task.
perform a flood bddp operation.
sleeps for the specified number of milliseconds.
verifies that the write set is not found.
calculates the entropy of a set of masses.
check to see if a string is a valid nmtoken according to [ 5 ] in the xml
parses a double value.
appends a string to the buffer.
add a rtcp event listener.
creates a new array of the given size if necessary and copies the data into the new array.
report an error to the user.
connects the given file descriptor to the given inet address and port.
returns true if the node is whitespace.
creates a new action object.
sets the access level for this label.
deregisters a spring from the registry.
returns the file name of the logger.
parses an b - triples string, creates an object for it using the supplied valuefactory
resets the list of pilot rolls.
sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order.
closes the popup window.
frees the object with the given id.
stretch the view vertically to the given cross size.
converts a hex string to an inetaddress.
resets the backoff to the last failed attempt.
reads a double ( 64 bit ) from the source stream.
returns true if the bar is at the maximum.
returns true if the queue starts with the given sequence.
parses and adds a maptileset from the specified properties file.
computes the result for one input double value.
enable tethering of the pan on the given adapter.
calculates the distance between two points.
constructs a url from its components.
create a workflow. method for creating volumes.
creates a new instance of filecommandinfo.
initialize the widgets with the given manual.
trusts all hosts on the given url.
return the probe's next sample.
returns a representation of the user code.
test for correct construction of the mission name.
tests another object for equality with this object.
releases the resources used by this object.
closes the output writer.
resolves a list of files.
test for getinstance ( string name, string value ) method.
reloads the configuration.
removes the given message processor from the list of message processors.
constructs an x509issuerserial from an x509certificate.
adds all edges from the given set to the given set.
put a byte array into the buffer at the current position.
converts an array of objects to a delimited string.
clears all stored images.
parse a compierecolor from a string.
creates a new luastate and adds it to the state list.
checks the capacity of the preamble and throws an exception if the capacity is not large enough
reads a single character.
limits the clip to the given values.
shuts down the pool.
converts a list of addresses to a list of inet addresses.
removes all new line characters from a string.
calculates the total number of feeds, categories, and special categories.
appends an html character to a string buffer.
migrates the columns of the given table to the database.
returns the number of rows in the table.
creates a new jarmodifier.
adds an attribute to this table.
associate the given value with the specified key.
sorts the specified range in the array in ascending numerical order.
returns true if this is a sip server transaction.
adds a highlight for a range of marked occurrences.
fully read a number of bytes from an inputstream.
assume the given assumption is true.
adds a catalog to the shopping cart bulk.
adds an item set to the frequent item sets.
skips bytes from the peek buffer.
creates the workflow method to remove the volumes from a vplex consistency group.
show a prompt to select one or more urls.
convert a mouse event to a panel cell index.
computes a regular expression string to replace an old name with a new name.
generate a call identifier.
parses an hour value.
handle a key press in the history.
substitutes a set of types with a substitution.
returns a collection of all known transports.
returns the seconds until idle lockout.
get the list of hive databases.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
hacky adjuster to avoid rounding errors.
creates an object from a base64 encoded string.
copies the properties from the old document to the new document.
constructs a new svd matrix.
unlocks the specified member for the purposes of clearing the lock.
creates a new, empty unicastref.
static version of lastindexof, to avoid unnecessary code repetition.
write the contents of a byte buffer to the file.
computes the remainder of a division of two numbers.
max ( biginteger val ).
function used to stop code that calls acceptdataset.
called when the mouse is moving the poly.
writes floats from the given float array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position
returns true if the cidr prefix contains the ip address.
locks the named service.
checks if the known cookie is set in the request and if it is, adds it to
select files to be imported.
creates a new instance of gtmaterialmaterial.
reads all bytes from an inputstream and returns them as a byte array.
parses a sql statement into a parsed sql statement.
writes a long at the specified offset from this native object's base address.
this method is called when an action result is received.
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt. hashpw ( ) method.
verifies that the given key is the same as this key.
convert a string to a string.
runs the init script if required.
parse an integer from a string.
prints an object to standard output and then terminates the line.
check that all values are finite.
initializes the keyboard buttons.
check if window is auto - new.
finds the relative path of a file.
resets the singleton instance.
andnot for two negative numbers ; the first is longer.
generates a random string of characters.
creates a new instance of exchangeratemanager.
removes the attribute with the specified name.
evicts an entry from the cache.
checks if is unique contraint error.
creates a configuration error with the given message and underlying exception.
adds the fill components to the given panel.
inserts any context prefixes that are used in the current element.
increments the put time accumulator.
returns the maximum number of hash functions that can be used to hash the given data.
returns the elevation at a given latitude / longitude.
creates a new observedobject for the given object name.
deletes all children of the given element.
save the initial state of the component and all its children.
returns true if both start and end contacts are the same.
ensure that the value is not null.
reads an arraylist from an inputstream.
pads the string at the right with spaces until it reaches the desired length.
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names.
called when a send task completes.
adds the button to the buttonpanel.
removes all unused pages from the cache.
create new fields. < p >.
constructs a shortinterleavedraster with the given samplemodel and databuffer.
this method will copy the local file to the carbon store path.
perform a forward fling of the scrollable component.
convert a string to a double.
adds a listener object that is notified about changes in the model.
returns true if the feature is stable.
calculates the approximate width and height of a text, depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls
perform any initialisation that may be overridden by subclasses.
returns a string representation of this vector.
write an image, x / y placement with an imagedataoutputstream.
called when the state of the slider has changed.
writes content to a file.
returns true if the url represents a file url, false otherwise.
updates the status of a logout operation.
converts a string representation of an oid to an int [ ].
lists all servers in a given site.
creates and returns a new instance of objecteditordialog.
returns true if the layer descriptor contains in line features.
decode the inputstream into a byte array.
runs the finalization process.
display all string defined in string. xml.
check the content length of the http request.
adds a foreign key constraint.
called when the activity is first created.
pushes a notification to the server.
appends a json encoded key / value pair to the given string builder.
updates the configuration from the given resource.
deselects an item from the selection.
returns true if nd is a leaf node.
adds a listener to the drone service.
returns true if the specified object is equal to this object.
parses the given string into a vector.
calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the specified stream.
creates a new sessionwrapper object.
post a batch request without enclosing transaction.
returns the directory where the program is located.
clears the route sensors.
returns the keystore type corresponding to the given string.
adds the given mapper level to the stack and returns the previous mapper level.
converts a hexadecimal character to an integer.
returns a json representation of this object.
loads a keystore from a file.
remove a propertychangelistener from the listener list.
returns true if precaching is enabled.
this = this & other.
tests this entry for equality with an arbitrary object.
returns true if lockdownprofile is valid.
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified.
constructs a from clause from two streams.
decode ansi x12 segment.
creates a kdb database from the given input stream.
decodes an insert operation.
sorts this vector in ascending order.
rebuilds the panel.
process bytes in pngj input mode.
returns the absolute path of the given file.
go to the next page.
returns null input stream or throws nullpointerexception if there is no current time.
returns a list of the types in this set.
deletes the rules from the rules table.
returns true if the given element has been visited.
instantiates a new aws iot connection.
create a future that is asynchronously completed.
initialize the forecast errors.
checks if the mouse event has the correct modifiers.
emits the list of retained variables.
constructs a uri from the components of an encoded form.
get the translation of the top n nodes of a hypergraph.
reads a single character from this reader and returns it as an integer with the two higher - order
returns true if the passed blocksnapshoturi represents a supported full copy volume.
returns a list of all registered service descriptors.
strips code value sentences from the given string.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_even, result is negative ; distance = - 1
quantile ( inverse cumulative density function ).
validates the given signed data against the given certificate.
returns the number of elements in the sequence.
tests whether a servlet run as role is correctly added to a descriptor.
subtract two numbers of the same length and different signs.
creates a multiterm query.
prints the message to the standard output and then terminates the line.
increments the count of the groupbys of the given entity.
tests that invalid xml is treated as gpx.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns true if member is an accessor pair ( member1, member2 ).
creates a dateformat that can be used to parse and parse the given date format.
writes a kml document to a file.
returns the path to the destination file.
refreshes the users or groups list from the server.
creates a new instance of bootpanel.
returns a list of default headers.
removes all parsys components from the current scope.
creates a new asynchttprequest and adds it to the request map.
registers a new client and broadcasts the new client list.
parses an rdf document from an input stream.
parses the date value using the specified date formats.
removes the attribute with the specified name.
find all loops in the code that are not in the idom.
generate the hive test files.
renames the editor panel.
returns true if this formula fits as a single line.
this method is called before the test is executed.
convert a vector3 from spherical space to world space.
replaces all occurrences of the target character sequence with the replacement character sequence.
encodes a string for use in a url.
draws the outline of an image using the specified transform.
skips to the end of the line.
returns the subset of the variables.
act on a file.
format milliseconds to hh : mm : ss string.
adds a propertychangelistener for a specific property.
creates a new folder in the given directory.
add an array to the config.
adds a new sub - action.
fills the given set with entries from this row's data.
returns true if the left collection contains at least one element of the right collection.
asserts that the wait duration is in the range [ minimum, maximum ).
logs the difference between two databases.
creates an img with the given image.
constructs a new abstractresource with the given mimetype.
creates a new instance of parameters.
convert mel frequency to lin frequency.
creates an icon generator with a background color and a text size.
returns a byte array of random bytes.
returns a string representation of this object.
copies a number of bytes from a byte array.
returns true if this session has expired.
add a boolean value to the array.
writes an attribute to the output.
handle a selection event.
returns true if can be invoked.
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream.
get the contents of the buffer as a byte array.
fades out all layers on the screen.
packs the modified first fit into descending order.
adds a text change listener.
returns an iterator over the profiles.
returns true if the string starts with a space.
wrap the given path with the uri prefix.
convert a key to a level.
called when a mouse button has been pressed and released on a component.
initialize caching http headers filter.
adds a component to the list of common components.
spins ( or unschedules ) until a match is found.
loads the generalsubtrees table data.
reads a single character.
returns true if pinging is disabled.
writes contents to a file.
creates a tree of writables from the flat data.
computes the angle between two points.
creates a new inmemorycursor with the given column names.
returns true if the component is enabled.
draws the foreground if the gui is in drag mode.
creates a new modbusserialtransaction object.
starts the background thread.
exports an object to the stub.
creates the dbffdc directory.
reads a character - sized string from the given stream.
process the children of the query tree.
adds all messages from the tip of the day to the messages list.
instantiates a new persisted queue.
write a list of objects to a stringbuilder.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied event
creates a new request configured to post an open graph action to the user's default profile.
shows the loading state.
calls the super method and reads the bloom filter from the specified input stream.
computes the absolute value of the median of the array x.
constructs a new sdpexception with the specified root cause.
enqueues node as first element or returns false if full.
notifies all registered property change listeners that have been registered for notification on this bean.
indicates whether a read operation should be performed on the given template.
constructs a new jslider.
applies the graphic attributes to the symbol attributes.
increases the idle count.
constructs a remoteservicedescriptor from a base url.
read the current journal from the file descriptor.
start the server and wait for it to finish.
returns true if the operation is complete.
encodes a string into a qr code.
writes an array of ints to the current position of the buffer.
adds a header to the request.
updates the component's ui.
generate the extension manager class.
submits a task to the pool.
checks if the given bucket name is valid.
validates a user namespace authorization create request.
formats an object into a string.
calculates the derived statistics.
checks whether the consistency group can be deleted.
closes the given closeable, ignoring any checked exceptions.
retrieves a message from the prefetch queue.
removes the specified range of elements from this list.
refills the input buffer.
shut down all bookie servers and autorecovery processes.
adds a criteria to the ored criteria.
release selections for items.
creates a new hub link mapping.
delete a load name that the train will either service or exclude. see setloadoption.
validates the name of the compute.
constructs an xml string from an integer array tag.
removes the argument at the given index and returns the insertion index.
replaces a policy in the resource tree.
create an atomicdoublearray of the given length.
copy file action.
recompute the separation of the means.
creates a square image from the given image.
called when a route has been lost.
writes the start of an element.
adds a process interaction listener.
replaces the first instance of the search string with the replace string.
put a byte into the buffer at the specified index.
creates a new commonsensorconfig object.
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt. hashpw ( ) method.
draws the description text ( if any ).
parses bytes from a string.
returns the link to the specified language in the page.
updates the actions depending on the address space state.
construct a parallel flux from the given publisher using the given parallelism.
cleans a directory without deleting it.
adds a gumball to the gameview and plays a soundball drop.
adds the segment to the recycle bin.
deletefunctionalitytest # testdelete6 ( ). deletes row with no referencing ones and
create a new channel with the given topic and payload.
change the size of a point.
inserts a row into the block.
adds default uri.
transfer a sequence range.
computes the distance from a point p to a line segment AB.
returns a copy of this object.
runs the test case.
returns the ids of the patch fixes.
see the general contract of the readmethod of datainput.
returns true if the current version of the jar is jellybean or later.
instantiates a new partial correlation pdf.
returns true if profiling is enabled.
checks to see if the output file is valid.
adds a response code listener.
calculates the log likelihood of the dataset.
returns true if there are dead states reachable from the initial state.
subtracts two money objects.
returns true if the specified object is equal to this edge.
skips the next line.
list docker containers.
converts a base64 encoded string to a bytebuffer.
step to the next tick.
loads a sequence of raw characters into a stringbuilder.
creates a signaturefaking oracle object.
creates a new arbitrary length path node.
adds a listener to be notified when wheel changes.
scan a yaml directive number.
tobitstring - return an int [ ] as a bit string.
converts a buffer to a 16 - bit samples array.
check the token for the given ip and port.
writes an attribute to the output.
expands all paths in the tree.
describe the vocabulary for the given partition counts.
invokeany ( c ) throws nullpointerexception if c has null elements.
create this object with the appropriate identifier.
generate a list of x values.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
add a service to the servicebyattr map for the given class and field.
creates a new decoder that decodes the specified uri encoded in the specified charset.
converts an rgb color to a CMYK color.
shows an error message.
parses a name - value pair attribute.
strips all chars from string s that are not in string bag.
returns the trigonometric cosine of the specified radians.
this is called when the activity is being destroyed.
method for beancontextchild interface.
checks to see if a file exists.
create a windowsfileattributes from a find_data structure.
flatten a map into an xmlserializer.
fires an event to the ripplerpane programmatically.
returns true if there is a full entry for the query side.
returns true if the given resource is a module.
write an annotation to the stream.
converts an inet4address to a long value.
returns true if the revision contains the specified template name.
retrieves all account info requests.
returns a new stringlist containing the elements of this stringlist plus the given strings.
walk the parse tree and notify the listeners.
read a single character.
compares two dates ignoring time fields.
splits a word into two words based on min word length and morphemes.
returns true if the given url is a book search url.
returns the path of a class.
removes the title prefix.
send a message to a set of members.
returns true if the service is relevant to the attributes.
check for equality of non - null objects.
find car by road number.
convert a class name to a slashed form that can be used as a class name.
p - empirical joint.
finds an existing location or creates a new location if needed requires location's name creates a unique
closes this connection, if it is still open.
removes an oma download from the list of pending downloads.
returns true if the given directory points to an android installation.
returns true if the given bundle contains token information.
resets the policy to default values.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection via the named event.
raises the x and y values of the given vector2 by the given power.
invokes the specified parameterless method if it exists.
undump a chunk from an input stream.
adds a button to the toolbar.
maps a request matcher to a response matcher.
commits the data to the input.
splits a string into an array of strings.
inserts a new twin at the beginning of the gcir.
returns a new instance of this class.
creates a new format specifier parser.
appends the elements of the iterator to the stringbuilder, separated by the given separator.
returns true if the queue is full.
schedule a playlist save task.
checks if is to read.
invoked when an action occurs.
returns a string representation of this vector.
converts an integer to an integer.
send a verbose log message.
saves the indexes in the indexes file.
compute the score for a match with a bitap pattern.
move the position of the pointer indicator to a new location.
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one.
inserts a string into the text area.
returns a string representation of this object.
write data to the remote peer.
copy the contents of the given reader to the given writer and close the reader and output.
check if count bookies are up.
applies the inverse transform to the source image and returns the result.
asserts that the given code closure fails if it is not an instance of the given class.
writes a packet to a destination mac.
process an attribute string of type t_yesno into a boolean value.
load a list of rma from database.
this method will search for wo workorders based on the criteria.
constructs a new instance, based on the supplied date / time and time zone.
creates a new resource queue.
encode the certificaterequestinfo and sign it with the signature.
schedules a periodic task.
abbreviates the given string to the given width.
method to stop a wraparound test.
check that a row index is valid.
removes all symbols from the symbol table.
determine the strength of an enemy blitz.
creates a new name that is the concatenation of this name and the given identifier.
parses a date string.
returns a string representation of the message.
returns true if the specified character is white space.
removes a filter from the list of filters.
removes the classifiers at the given indices.
add a property change listener.
returns the number of checkpoints.
add an object to the end of the list.
add a list of urls to listen to.
adds the given virtualarrays to the set of virtualarrays assigned to this node.
checks if a cell is editable.
drops the connection from the trash.
concatenates the values of an array into a single list.
creates a new dagiterator that decorates the given graph.
validates a custom catalog title and value.
creates a new functionexecutionpooledexecutor.
returns true if the body is a ssdp message.
adds the specified child at the specified index.
restores the sorting selection.
returns the curent contents of this byte buffer as a byte array.
cleans up after the test.
consumes events from the queue.
updates the ui from the command.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
returns a random number from a gaussian distribution with mean and standard deviation.
computes the percentage of pixels that should be overscrolled.
constructs a new vector with the specified capacity.
process the invite request.
returns log instance for given object.
read receive delay in ms.
write a number of indents.
returns a hash code value for this set.
parses an integer value from a string.
returns true if the first node of the list is a method declaration.
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack.
called when a motion is detected.
remove a batch clusterer listener.
returns a new heldlocksgrant instance with the given expiration date.
removes the specified object from the set of known objects.
wraps the given byte array into a heapbytesstore.
parses a jsonvalue into a string.
valueof ( long val ) : convert a negative long value to a biginteger.
inserts the specified element before the specified position into the receiver.
increases size of array and fills it with new entries.
construct a sided plane from a pair of vectors describing points, and including origin, plus a
check if inputstream is gzip compressed.
inserts a new operation at the specified position.
clears the internal state of this object.
register a decayable object.
assert that the output contains the expected string.
removes a class from the set of loaded classes.
completionstage is failed.
draws the color spectrum background.
destroys a class loader.
delete an attachment point from the list.
returns the total number of reused files.
process an animmodel.
deletes an assignment from the index.
formats an object into a string.
compare and set wait status of a node.
create a threaddump instance.
checks whether the audio buffer is running and starts it if necessary.
returns true if the input matches the filter.
removes and returns first element, or null if empty.
initialize the doc builder factory.
returns the standard error of the estimate for the intercept.
create missing values for all columns.
normalizes the path by removing the " / " character.
starts the launch notifier thread.
expands a hidden directory name into a filter string.
try to queue the current buffer.
updates the value of this form with the given value.
returns true if there are more bytes in the stream.
appends the parameter signature to the given string builder.
completes the heartbeat process.
generate and encapsulate a random session key.
loads the private key from the file.
removes a listener from the set listening to snapshot categories.
returns true if the critical extension is unsupported.
returns true if the string is not in the array.
returns a deep copy of the given node or subtree rooted at the given node.
destroys the secp256k1 context.
initialize the cleanup thread.
splits the shard into a list of urls.
returns an inputstreamreader that uses the given charset.
convert a rendered image to a zlib byte array.
adds a new vertex to the graph.
configures the local services for the ln traffic controller.
returns the index within the specified character sequence of the first occurrence of the specified index.
appends the specified string to this string buffer.
pushes a variable onto the top of the stack.
returns a string representation of this element at the given depth.
creates a new metadatacolumndescriptor.
remove years from the items list.
creates a new data provider event with the specified reason and set of types.
validates the given bean.
smartly inserts the command after the bracket at the given offset.
attempts to determine the format pattern to use based on the minimum number of leading digits.
fill Picks fields with default values.
creates a copy of the field.
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero bytes.
cast a object to a type.
deletes the given file or directory if it is a directory.
initialize the sort key step.
prints an annotation to the editor.
adds a point to the end of the list.
creates a new configuration instance by reading the properties from the specified reader.
adds an item to the end of the list.
adds an annotation to an xml element.
reads a boolean ( 16 bit ) from the source stream.
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names.
returns the natural log of the gamma function.
starts the ticker with the given delay.
returns a ciphersuite instance with the specified values.
creates a pending action context.
shows droidsafe text markers for the given class.
adds the fqn of the classreference of the new expression to the hashset of
picks up to three sizes from a list of sizes.
verify a log record.
copies the contents of the given transferable to the clipboard.
format download size as percent.
updates the enabled / disabled state of the buttons.
returns an immutable copy of the given collection.
adds the images from the cache to the tracker.
parse date from string.
this method determines whether the supplied node has been processed.
power - on - self test for each synthesizer.
fetches the triangle to visit for a given edge.
generates crls from the given inputstream.
deletes the entity configuration.
returns singleton instance of datasourceviewsmanager.
helper method to format a tag.
loads the xml definition from the cache.
extracts the id from the request path info.
uncompresses the compressed data.
poll the socket for new connections.
closes this reader. this implementation closes the source reader.
compare the remaining chars of this buffer to another char buffer's remaining chars.
creates a new csv file that contains the zone id, the accessibility by freespeed, and the
this method will update the aggval it will add new value to aggval.
extracts the policy notification from the xml.
flushes this writer to ensure all pending data is written out to the target writer.
finds a parcel object from a byte array.
decodes a field name from xml notation ( e.
checks if is login set.
adds a contentitem to the list of contentitems.
returns a canonical version of the given class name.
pauses the current thread for the specified number of milliseconds.
is highlight with invisible edge?.
prepares a job to run the cancelling test.
removes a listener from the wheel.
generates the fields for the class.
checks if is flying.
initializes the socket factory.
removes all occurrences of a regular expression from a string.
consumes a nested scroll effect.
retrieves all waypoints matching the query.
release the nox item list.
returns the number of elements in this queue.
adds a new count.
closes the dialog window.
create a new file attachment for a chat channel.
adds a parameter node to this node.
creates a new instance of deleteevent.
check if the full copy is restorable.
read a qd from a string.
returns true if the buffer's capacity is too large.
resets the index buffer time.
creates the response for this request.
checks the external storage state and alerts the user if it's in the wrong state.
returns either the plural or singular form of the given noun, depending on the quantity ; also
verify the id of an xml element.
adds the video to the end of the list.
determines if the specified coordinate is in the target touch zone for a horizontal bar handle.
read the transport systems from the given reader.
returns true if the nal string contains a prefix.
unshares the main hash with the current hash.
adds an item in a multifield.
returns the number of names in this object.
generate array of n d - dimensional points whose coordinates are integer values in the range 0.
parses the command line parameters.
adds a session token for a particular site.
deserializes a gradle distribution from a string.
convert meters to pixels.
send data to the data socket.
push a context onto the stack.
this method is called when the user presses the bookmarks button.
instantiates a new fst.
normalizes the zscore by dividing the standard deviation of the mean and the standard deviation of the
adds a new location to the location list.
creates a new javaformatter.
encodes a string into its base64 form using the specified charset.
check if there are more paths to read.
is input column name allowed.
convert a hex string to an rgb value.
add a propertychangelistener for a specific property.
tests if inserting an empty row with a null value or an empty blob.
create a new journal that omits redundant information.
subtract zero from zero.
restores the state of this object from the specified file.
waits for the image to be loaded.
blackman - harris window function min.
calculates the md5 digest of the given key.
returns a hash code value for the object.
increments the number of packets received.
parses a sentence from the given text.
sets the directory where the cluster will be created.
called when a consume has finished.
checks to see if the prosodic position type is present in the rule part.
parses the given bigdecimal string and returns a new bigdecimal object.
registers operators with the operator manager.
do the permission work before android m.
deletes sub group containers.
creates a new glowtask.
initialize the compiler and opt compiler.
returns true if dev mode is open.
send next byte.
encodes the given object to a base64 string.
create an image method.
add a set of profiles to the adapter.
returns true if the given string is a valid java identifier.
returns true if x1 is less than x2, false otherwise.
move the location of a single node.
create a list from passed objx parameters.
adds the given macrorecord to the list of macrorecords.
adds a new email to the user.
returns the best hash provider for the given parameters.
read a fixed size of bytes from the input.
return true if x is equal to or greater than the sum of ar [ ].
loads the addressbook from the file.
removes the item at the given position.
encodes a list of types into a map.
clears all assertion information.
add operation result to the list.
generate a branch plan for the given table.
add a switch port to the maintenance queue.
( since linux 2.
returns true if this mime type matches the specified mime type.
returns true if this entity is armed with the other entity, i.
sets the valid and invalid counters.
checks if java script is enabled.
compares this eckey with another, for equality.
returns the name of the object.
calculates the md5 checksum of the given data.
returns true if the skin specification file is valid.
inserts the string representation of an object into this builder.
handles a mouse moved event.
loads an unpacked umd file.
disables vma for the passed block object.
computes the location on a rhumb line with the given starting location, azimuth,
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified element in the array.
returns the maximum dimensions needed to lay out the components contained in the specified target container.
reads the contents of an inputstream into a string.
update the moving average with a new value.
logs an expiration event.
remove a ripple from the list of exiting ripples.
write string to buffer.
consume records by topic.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
compares two version strings and returns a negative integer if the first version is higher than the second.
checks to see if a vector is a valid ( i.
determine if the expression is an obsessional expression.
change the speed of a locomotive.
removes the specified child from this node.
notify all class observers of a class descriptor.
generates a dup2 instruction.
check if mime type is application xml.
creates a native page for the given url.
throw a parseexception based on the current location.
create a new customeditor.
creates a new memoidone instance.
creates an ep for a single value type.
converts a field type name to a field type.
adds an xml element to the document.
find all parents of a content assoc type.
creates a new dictionary.
collapses the specified building.
this method performs an asynchronous thrift call to detach an iso from a vm.
reads an nfc error message from the given buffer.
show or hide the pie view.
persists the profile to the database and notifies the change.
adds an undoable action to the undo stack.
creates a new array list and fills it with the given integer array.
adds a ping time sample to the last ping times array.
encode into canonical form.
tear down this test case.
returns a substring of the given subject.
removes a custom sashform listener.
writes string data to file.
deletes the given variables from the session variables table.
returns a string representation of the date.
closes this stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
parses a string as an integer.
writes the entire resultset to a csv file.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is positive.
verify that the given device exactly matches the given fields.
adds a window to the list of windows.
computes the intersections of all elements contained in the iterator.
gets the value of ttf.
registers the providers for the current dev machine.
creates a new map with the specified initial capacity and the specified load factor.
creates a new set containing the specified object.
populate a stream blob.
returns the sign of the given value with anti - cyclic bits removed.
adds key to near cache.
analyzes the fields of a class.
returns true if the specified log level is equal to or above the current log level.
loads all memory from the given offset.
runs the test case.
checks if is critical.
finds the name of the edit table.
write the operations car file.
returns true if there are new followers.
processes the start of the track point element.
support for reporting bound property changes.
checks that the given type - safe string is a valid type descriptor.
sort the fields in the given sorted array.
draws the background of the view.
adds a unique attribute to the map.
this method validates a deletevmresponse object, raising an exception if the response reflects an operation
runs the test case.
limits the maximum scale and x translation of the given matrix.
returns the value factory.
creates a new instance of statefulrefreshtoken.
adds a new style.
extracts the client name from the given host name.
create a fastfuture from a completablefuture.
checks if the given action is a place action.
adds a view to the cache.
reads the contents of an inputstream and returns it as a byte array.
play the media file.
convert a panbox string to uu encoding.
encodes cache flags.
adds a data source to the plot.
adds a new value to this weight.
builds a new row for the check box.
formats and parses the given text.
returns true if the given group is a child group.
throws an exception if the given array index is out of bounds.
create the next locus info after the locus stop before the given locus.
this method is called when a global configuration changes.
launch an email intent.
returns the number of elements in this set.
adds an item to the adapter at the specified position.
adds a translator to this class.
writes a string in little endian.
reads the next line from the scanner.
returns true if the text matches the regular expression.
writes the grid table to the specified file.
add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list.
adds a close hook.
executes runnable r in the caller's thread, unless the executor has been shut down,
updates the range bounds of this drawable.
returns true if s is a standard upcean, i.
reads the configuration from the specified file.
increments the player's trading score by one.
returns all the text at the given url.
adds all events from the traces to the new trace list.
interrupts all tasks running in this thread.
registers the default device types.
remove all dependency subsets for a given swc location.
draws the tick lines for a given range.
returns a bifunction that always inserts the elements in the list.
test de busqueda open ldap con atributos.
create a positive number from a string value and radix 8.
returns true if the character is in the specified encoding.
deletes the specified distinguished name.
removes all highlighted tags from the text area.
enqueues all successors of the given block to the worklist.
adds a role to the list of roles.
creates a new panel object.
creates a new instance with the default time zone.
called when a response message is sent to the client.
builds the index shard snapshots from the given blobs.
create a new forum post.
checks if is armed.
creates a key for an html attribute.
constructs a sparse array from linear arrays.
get the tuple with the maximum data field value.
updates the enabled / disabled state of the radio links.
returns a string representation of a pair of integer ids.
resets the hits and misses counters.
convert an other object to string.
removes the item at the specified index.
shiftright a negative number ; shift distance is multiple of 32 ; shifted bits are not equal ;
shows the filter dialog.
returns the number of pixels between two points.
returns true if the formobject allows popups.
creates a new localgitrepo from the current directory.
returns a vector2 containing the smallest x and y values.
adds a test method call.
serialize the test package.
verifies the migration of blockmirror objects.
creates a new formatter for the specified logger.
remove a text listener.
create idp element.
clears the buffer and releases all allocated memory.
apply the camera transformation to the supplied opengl context.
creates a resultset that contains a point table with the given coordinates.
adds the given volume wwn to the list of existing volumes if they are not already
creates a random file with the given prefix and suffix.
partition annos by target type.
loads the contents of the file.
called when the user clicks on the hp button.
resolves the name to a file.
initializes the tool tip manager.
decodes an array from an encoded string.
call this when you want to know the new location ( start and stop ) and you want to
the bitmap of ignored signals, displayed as a decimal number.
generates a random seed for use with the build.
renders the given value expr.
stops sampling and adds a new sample to the sampling counter.
reverse the order of the points in the list.
creates a new dsigncsr dialog.
initializes the factory. either the system property " notificationfactory " is used to get an instance of
awaits completion of a task or aborts.
clamps a value to a given range.
parses the volume to get the host container directory.
formats a double representing a time in human readable format.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this vector in the correct order.
right justify a string.
appends all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this vector, in the
updates this checkpoint with the information from the given application state.
converts a string to utf - 8 bytes.
creates a list of pairs from a map of key / value pairs.
returns true if the given label is valid.
adds a message observer to this message.
shows the dialog with the given initial character.
convert a byte to hex digit and append to the given stringbuffer.
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
returns a random number from a r - norm.
called when a warning has occurred.
returns true if the given sub name is a known sub name.
compute and return the source text ( all equalities and insertions ).
returns true if this entry is stored in the database.
gets the size of a directory as a biginteger.
check if the given bit is a search light bit.
constructs a new age file filter for files older than the cutoff date.
calculates the major tick value.
returns the next row in the result set.
adds the value to the hidden attribute of a sample.
unsets the ordering of two po nodes.
convert swf file to html.
writes the contents of this class file to the given file.
creates a new connection object.
converts an array of objects to a vector.
notify sprog version to all registered listeners.
accept a drop request.
clears the order by clause.
returns a string representation of this object.
gets the last modification date of a file.
has the user chosen to import from a pkcs # 8 file?.
run a control flow graph from a method tree and a class tree.
returns true if the engine is a valid one.
asserts that two floats are equal concerning a delta.
calculates the value of d for each extremal vector.
loads properties from a file.
replaces all occurrences of the pattern with the replacement.
get a list of service infos.
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the other stream followed by all
the object implements the readexternal method to restore its contents by calling the methods of datainput for
creates an item label generator using default number formatters.
constructs a vector2 with the given direction.
adjusted power of 10.
removes all columns from the table.
is last invoice costing method.
set the port to proxy.
extracts the cluster name from a cluster cg name.
api call to get list of my service cards.
creates a new dviewpublickey dialog.
sample the migration events between two colours.
returns true if the given value is an attribute.
decode a base64 encoded string.
called when the value of the selection changes.
removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list.
transfers a node from a cancelled queue onto sync queue.
helper method to create an intent to share a file to the user.
creates and returns an updater for objects with the given field.
convert data to objects.
[ < rn >, + / - < rm >, lsr # < shift_
builds a rowlimitspec from the given context.
returns the first layer that is common to both p_other.
remove items from a stack.
save the indexes in the indexes file.
adds an item to the adapter.
executes a command in a separate process.
expands and selects the given location, if it exists.
moves to the next token in the stream.
saves the provisioning validity in the registry registry preferences.
write the extension to the deroutputstream.
creates a cluster in the specified project.
returns the dereference policy value for the specified integer.
runs the test case.
write string in text format without checking buffer size.
adds a new record and position to the end of the list.
calculates the sha - 256 hash of the data.
adds the given property type to the property list.
tests if two objects are equal.
writes the actions of an instance to a string.
this method is called before an object is added to the queue.
encodes a byte array into base 64 format and breaks the output into lines.
reads a feed from the server.
rllong - return a long value from the stream.
shiftright ( int n ), n is greater than zero.
resolves a class from a dex file.
build the logout response url for the given tenant.
asserts that a label with the given path has the given text.
interpolate a list of pathdatanodes.
initializes the stream tokenizer.
throws an exception if an illegal message was received.
runs the worker thread.
reads a single byte from the po file.
this method will try to lock the file.
opens a datagram connection to the given port.
returns a string describing this filter.
executes a script in spark monitoring mode.
disables a specific feature of the rich formatter.
remove a zwave event listener.
returns the python time in milliseconds since the epoch.
adds items to the end of this list.
quotes the given name if it is a java keyword.
create a recipe from a cursor.
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method.
adds statements to drop the table.
returns true if this lock is currently locked.
( since linux 2.
find or create a class from a string.
method to reset the notes field when an error occurs.
set ticks on a time.
writes the given charsequence ( as utf - 8 ) to the given file.
populates the navigation drawer with the navigation items.
runs the test case.
converts to object array.
record audit log for callhome service.
computes the mean of all elements in the array.
constructs an ntp time string from a given date.
selects a media type that is compatible with the producible types.
paints the border for the specified component with the specified insets.
ensures that the capacity of the array is at least the specified number of elements.
invalidates the cache and unmaps the given buffers.
adds a directory to the class loader.
check if mineshafter is present.
tests this formatter for equality with an arbitrary object.
returns true if the node has an element child.
deletes the item at the specified index.
returns the number of primitive property names.
prints a string to the stream, encoded as utf - 8.
checks the given object for the given permissions.
display all string defined in string. xml.
creates an intent to launch map activity.
generate the parameters to be used in the request.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap, removing prior exif tags.
remove an attribute from the list.
extracts the slashed class name from a field signature.
paints a preview of the view.
starts the camera.
clears all categories and values.
splits a variable array into a number of lists.
updates the ui of the window.
clears the result list.
finds all the widgets in the given container that are within the given bounds.
prints an ascii symbol.
makes a shoppingcartitem from the given parameters.
returns a string representation of the distribution.
updates the titled border with the given text.
add classes to the hashset.
resets the reference list.
decodes the mpi as a biginteger.
this method is called when the schema of the service has changed.
sort a vector of nodes.
parses a string into a datetimedata.
adds a message to the queue.
converts a string to a dbid.
write a short integer, 32 - bits.
prints a long followed by a newline.
instantiates a new thrift service metadata.
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height, and with new zero
converts a constraint violation exception into an invalid entity response.
check the start of a block.
initialize this loader with the layers listed in the specified url.
returns true if the message is suppressed by any of the answers in the message.
creates a properties object from a map.
selects the first node matching the query.
get a string array from a properties object.
compares two locales for equality.
read the result set from a preparedstatement.
adds an entry to a list if it is not already present in the list.
compares this object with the specified object.
ends a transaction on the given connection.
creates a new panel object.
doubles the capacity of the receiver.
change the name of the open am.
computes the full url from a base url and a link.
loads the manifest from the jar file.
converts the given array of types to their raw equivalents.
adds a column to the table.
readdata - - deserialize this object from the specified input stream.
removes a display from the list of displays.
returns the next gaussian distribution.
fire an event to all registered listeners.
updates the port of the contact header.
creates a new instance of androidhttpclient.
adds entry to candidate.
this method is called when a vertex is added to the router.
bsbm with no solutions.
deletes the given file or logs a warning if it fails.
removes the mapping at the given index.
adds a group member to a group.
creates a logger with the specified name and resource bundle name.
increment the value of a bin.
utility method to check an expression involving one or more arguments.
adds the given fields to this document.
returns true if the stringlist contains the string match, ignoring case.
computes the absolute value of the median of the array x.
initialize all plugins that are known to be loaded.
stops the current session.
sets the keepalive property to the given value.
creates a new request configured to upload a video to the user's default video album.
helper method to read a checkedmessage from a given buffer.
create a multicast socket.
checks if the selected subset meta data is valid.
validates that the will topic is valid.
creates a new berinputstream with the given initial size.
creates a new member with the given type and port.
encodes the line suffix.
checks if is system font.
adds a url to be loaded.
adds the given fields to this document.
instantiates a new appraisegitreviewclient.
create a new root block view.
creates the soap request object.
tests that inner enums are correctly typed.
returns a string representation of this uri.
javax. net. ssl. sslsession # verify ( string hostname, sslsession session ).
returns true if the file is in the target directory.
returns true if this cursor points to the specified character in the specified character sequence.
removes from this list all of the elements that are contained in the specified collection.
sets the tail offset of this circular buffer to the given value.
creates a phone object with the specified value.
loads the specified resource bundle.
returns the set of storage pools that are associated with the remote copy settings.
convert a string to html.
adds a new lock to the list.
evaluates the uf4 problem.
reloads the model with a new value.
convert a move to uci format.
creates an image of the given width and height, accelerated to the given target component.
display the current state of the state machine.
write a string to a writer.
ensure the internal array's capacity.
decrements the reference count.
convert an x500principal to an x500name.
verifies that the described resource is present in the describe cache.
checks if is flat.
builds the limited networks list.
evaluates a rpn expression.
adds all the specified series to the dataset.
exits with the given exit code.
compares two split emitted terms.
merges the other aabb into this one.
generates an auto - generated class name from a class name.
flush any pending events.
adds the default distribution set layouts.
constructs an extendedtype with the given parameters.
validates a new addition.
starts the mock consumer thread.
undoes the last action.
removes a column from the table.
returns a description of the receiver.
peeks at the next sample in the buffer.
scans the blocklet and fills the scanned result.
returns a hashcode for the condition.
balances all segments in the acct schema.
creates a new annotation drawer.
returns true if there are user partitions.
inserts the specified string at the specified offset.
reads a code point from the input stream.
put an int value out to the specified byte array position in big - endian format.
creates a new item with the specified symbol, label and font.
called when a tag is found.
returns the amount of regen consumed.
adds an outer join qualifier.
decodes a string into an array of directories.
retrieves and removes the head of this queue, waiting if necessary until an element with an expired
adds a listener to be notified of swipe events.
returns the number of patterns in the pattern set.
writes an unsigned integer to the given output stream.
add two negative numbers of the same length.
adds a header to the request.
store the certificate in the keystore.
appends a type to the pointer hierarchy.
sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns the last element of this stream.
sleeps for the specified number of milliseconds.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified element in this list, starting at the specified
returns whether the given modifier is a package access.
writes the gathered data tab - separated into a text file.
instantiates a new managed window decorator.
write a number of bytes.
logs a message with printf formatting.
process updates from the queue.
return true if we can rebalance remotely.
convert a file to a sld.
inserts properties into the template.
change the font of a component.
draws the contours of the image.
save a certificate to a file.
clears the list of listeners that will be notified when the central view position changes.
invokes the specified method if it exists.
is fill below line?.
called when a patch service result is received.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns true if the packet is a stanza.
executes an action on the given form.
check if the bean needs an update based on the bundle version.
clears the given view map.
load the logical tables with granularities.
reads a block of data from the input stream.
add a new subscription.
create a new x509certpathimpl from a list of certificates.
instantiates a new process.
instantiates a new consul topology fraction.
builds a regular expression to match qualifiers with the given value.
shortens a name to the desired length.
returns a new color that is a blend of two other colors.
( since linux 2.
decides which ui class to use based on the current system environment.
converts an image to a bufferedimage.
parses a json array.
returns a list of all available terminals of the given type.
removes a sensor selection listener.
writes a single character.
test the dex class loader.
registers ttl manager.
makes a java. sql. time from separate ints for hour, minute, and second.
initialize the key store.
convert image data to native byte array for platform image.
cleans the folder stacking markers from the filename.
discards the given registrar.
returns true if the given state is a final state.
generate a string of max_num_scale_markers scale markers.
write the fig tree block.
returns a hash code value for this object.
compares this map with another, for equality.
the start of a dtd declaration.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image, removing prior exif tags.
cleans up. drops the database drops the user, drops the database, creates
creates a template model exception for invalid method argument.
compresses a string using zlib.
loads the map with extension and mime type.
Receive notification of the beginning of a dtd.
converts the timestamp format to a string that can be used in the database.
encodes a byte array to a base64 string.
prints a double followed by a newline.
returns a string representation of the ip address.
returns true if the zk host contains the chroot.
perform the given operation on the given database.
returns a hash code for this object.
returns a new instance of this fragment for the given section number.
import a trl table.
instantiates a new result file reader.
called when an asynchronous action fails.
returns true if the given identifier should be excluded.
returns true if the given exception was caused by a communication error.
returns true if the connection is reliable.
pushes a type onto the output stack.
get the max value plus one for a short.
reports a bound property change.
encodes the given value using utf - 8.
creates and persists database entities required for storage policy testing.
create a page from a pdfpage object.
adds a key / set pair to a map.
save boot prop to jar.
appends the contents of a file to a print writer.
write timestamp in binary format.
compute the difference between two strings.
convert a morpha string into a valid morpha string.
deletes the given file.
return a path for a check mark.
initializes the cache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory.
creates a new instance of tcpsocket.
save the selected bean and show the cut bean box.
adds a remover to the manager.
invoked when an action occurs.
adds a new entry to the list.
ensure the size of the children array.
creates a new, empty uuid.
creates a pretty print with the given number of spaces.
renders the given handler.
constructs the tsdb query string.
creates a new selector and registers it with the selector provider.
multiply two numbers of the same length and different signs.
received a follower info from the server.
executes a sql query that returns a list of objects.
returns the current time in nanoseconds.
tests cloning of a format.
sends a request to the specified remote node.
checks if is empty.
enables dependency for the given capability.
extracts the robot debug variables.
add an integer to the config.
maps full width letters to half width letters.
asserts that two collections contain the same elements in the same order.
returns true if the response code is a valid response body.
returns the number of items that are currently pending to be processed.
adds the given value to the current value.
returns true if the action should be executed.
moves the cursor to the next non - whitespace character.
handles a message that is either being started or is being dispatched, or is already being started.
deletes the volumes from a zoning export mask.
closes both the nbestlistwriter and alignmentwriter objects.
paints the specified component using the specified graphics object.
zooms in or out of the image.
returns a list of all shards in the database.
returns true if the file is hidden.
returns true if the scrollview can be scrolled vertically.
loads a jar file into a jarinfo object.
clears the title sortable.
adds a new row to the probability table.
creates a jar with the given file name and content.
go to the given day.
returns true if v is in the set.
close a jdbc connection.
adds a message item to the message box specifying the message number and default option.
adds a color map listener.
compute the pdist of all objects in the database.
appends the suffix to the end of the string if it does not already end with the suffix
request all file systems.
creates an external problem from a process.
check if a network monitor exist.
adds the given predicates to this query.
add a roll to the end of the list.
compares the user's options against the canonical set of user options.
close a closeable without throwing an exception.
pushes an encrypted message onto the queue.
returns a random number between min and max.
simple premature close of the iterator.
pushes a new pspgelist onto the draw list queue.
populate the tasklist with the taskid and operationtype.
get the tuple with the maximum data field value.
returns the tip text for this property.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
start scrolling based on a fling gesture.
add a listener to the navigator.
this method will close the stream.
computes the patience interval.
convert a 2 - dimensional array of series into a list of series names.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
send a fatal log message.
expands the given number string starting at the given index.
returns true if both strings are null.
this method is called when the command is executed.
returns true if all allocated directors have been used.
stops the server, interrupting and closing the server socket.
expands a system id to an absolute one, but only if it's not already.
frees a message back into the cache.
compares this builder with another, ignoring the case of the characters.
converts a uuid to a long.
adds a vm argument.
apply a visitor to a field.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
test taking a screenshot.
unlink the target volumes from the snapshot session identified by the passed uri.
reverse a list of directededges.
change the part of the expression to a local variable reference.
read a line of text.
adds items to the scene.
returns the url of the home page.
returns true if the specified reader has taxonomy information.
removes the listener from the collection of listeners who will be notified when the control is selected by the
replaces the node with a new node of the given type.
handles save button request.
deletes the largest key in a subtree.
atomically removes all of the elements from this deque.
called when progress is made.
creates a new treenode with the given parameters.
constructs a new instance, based on the supplied date / time and the default time zone.
creates a code attribute.
creates a new binary output stream writing to the given file.
reads a class descriptor.
creates a new file.
or for zero and one.
executes a preparedstatement with the given list of columns.
constructs a new config object.
ensures that a string is not empty.
cancels all unnamed tasks.
returns the minimum and maximum values of the specified values.
creates a new criteria instance.
unescapes the character identified by the character or characters in the buffer.
updates the query and header parameters based on the given authentications.
add spaces around spans until the text is fixed and then remove unneeded spaces.
removes all icons from the list of icons that are tracking this gutter.
creates a new simplemetricgroup.
returns true if the given point is inside the bounds of the polygon.
loads the protocols from the given class loader.
returns a list of all available host addresses.
caculates the sample size of the bitmap.
returns true if the given status is in the list of statuses.
returns a string representation of the classifier.
computes the prf ss digest.
adds a channelmap to this model.
adds the specified object at the tail of this queue.
put a resource into the cache.
parses a set of uid ranges.
replaces the suffix of value with changeto.
executes a claimed task.
creates the navi project directory.
method to handle update button.
convert a classfile to a java class.
returns an iterator over the targets.
fits the size of the scrolled content into the main window.
returns the hash code value for this object.
builds a map pool - name = > pool - index.
creates new dencrypting dialog where the parent is a frame.
creates the vertical separator.
adds the specified object at the end of the array.
build values from a realmresults object.
generates a signature for the dash.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is longer.
write a number of bytes.
open file intent.
converts a date string to a java. sql. date.
rounds a float to the nearest integer value.
creates a new plaintext component with the given short text.
creates a copy of this attribute.
creates the api changes for the component.
prints a description and a blocking block.
checks if a file or directory can be written.
returns a string representation of this oid.
reads a bytecodeobject from the given stream.
skip ( int n ) method testing.
adds a character to the string buffer.
returns the hash code for this object.
constructs a cholesky decomposition for the given matrix.
computes the ids of the crossings between two cells.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
constructs a repositorylocation with the given repository name and path components.
this method will be used to add a property to the carbon properties.
creates the delta tree for the given delta.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns the number of key - value pairs in this map.
replace all occurrences of a substring within a string with another string.
returns true if the given coordinate is in the given zone.
returns the tip text for this property.
instantiates a new xwaves label file reader.
parses a double safely. returning a default if nothing can be sanely parsed from it
registers an application with the given id.
adds a profile to this user.
prints the specified character to the target.
initializes the block views in the workspace.
clears all trails for the given token id.
creates a new dnetscapepolicy dialog.
parses a list of numbers.
creates a new directoryorfilenotfoundexception.
generates a random permutation of the array.
parses a sip message header.
convert srg color to rgb.
record the beginning of a run.
rotate point p around center point c.
returns true if the given word is pronounceable.
adds split edges to the given list.
creates a new instance of io.
create a membasedcache with the specified maximum cache size in bytes.
updates the maximum text widths.
enables or disables the overview menu item.
called when the mouse enters a component.
fetches a page of collections from zookeeper.
accept the annotation visitor.
adds ids to the filter.
stops the monitoring service.
normalizes the given url to lower case.
reads the call from the given input stream and writes the result to the given output stream.
commits the local transaction.
add object class to entry.
populates the ward area.
read a name from the input stream.
concatenate this string with the specified character.
returns the logarithm of a given probability.
atomically decrements the count of the notempty accumulator.
fills the tree with a spec tree.
returns the number of nodes in the graph.
adds a host to the global blacklist.
adds a node to the graph.
overridden to avoid implementation dependency.
returns the sigma value of the specified value.
inserts or refreshes a new entry in the bucket.
translates the current transform.
writes the font, size, and style to the output stream.
write a number of whitespaces.
compute the relative overlap between two spatialcomparables.
called when the auto - draw button is pressed.
reads at least the specified number of bytes from the input stream.
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send.
sorts the given method descriptors according to the method sorter.
parses a property list.
returns true if the type's package has the given annotation.
builds the tooltip text for a given node.
removes an item click listener.
looks for a selectable position in the list.
returns a string that is the given string padded on the right to the given length.
returns the names of the collation matching rules for the given locale names.
returns true if the given class is cache - safe.
writes the contents of this keystore to the specified output stream.
creates a new part from the encoded and decoded strings.
creates the epoch months for the given year.
converts a class descriptor to an internal class name.
registers the given bean with the subscription manager.
test unmarshalling after unmarshalling.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
perform an asynchronous collect operation.
convert from reflection type to object type.
registers a manufacturer specific builder.
copies reil code from a node.
apply any overrides from the content - types properties file.
reads the contents of a reader and returns it as a string.
computes the similarity between two lanes.
force the overflow to happen.
searches the string builder to find the first reference to the specified string.
returns a string representation of an operand.
divides a multivariate normal distribution along a brownian bridge.
returns the ejbjarxmlversion value for the given xml document type.
merges two lists of coordinates.
prints an integer to standard output and flushes standard output.
copies the contents of the text field to the clipboard.
handles edit button request.
builds the description panel.
creates a new instance of httpmethodclient.
constructs a pss algorithm based on the contents of a message digest.
decodes a text value from the given byte array.
extract values from a collection using an extractor.
check if the stack is running on a zte device.
normalizes the given string to the given encoding.
returns lowest node. this node might not be in range, so most usages need to check
returns the number of key - value pairs in the hash set.
constructs a new dpointline.
returns the given value as an unsigned byte array.
approximates the length of a 2 - dimensional array of control points.
maps the mouseevent's modifiers to the drop action.
adds an assignment to the update clause.
returns true if there is a value to step.
creates icons for the bread, fruits, grocery and patisserie icons.
check if there is a network connection.
assigns a thread for the given subscriber.
validates the dynamic attribute.
checks if the given type is an instance of the given type, i.
initializes the war list and the war nx list.
adds a command to the menu bar.
connects to the gatt server hosted on the bluetooth le device.
computes density of a normal distribution.
draws the given shape.
this method is called when the test is being shut down.
loads the groups from the specified input stream.
atomically sets the value to the given value.
creates a list of equality keys for the given node.
convert a collection to a string, using a specified separator.
decodes a base64 string into a byte array.
remove all premove drops.
clearbit ( int n ) of a zero.
stops the progress bar.
encode the dn name in der form to the stream.
makes the model inactive.
returns a list containing all of the elements in this list in proper sequence ( from first to last
removes the given connection from the set of connections.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
splits a string into a list of strings.
converts a hexadecimal string into an unsigned long.
returns the standard error of the sample skew.
loads the policyqualinfotablemodel with the given policyqualinfo.
runs a script on a connection using a reader.
returns the first or last markersegment of the given class, or null if none.
remove all of the specified values from this filterable.
resets this response to its initial state.
removes an element at the specified position in this queue.
saves the note and closes the dialog.
adds a message to the message store.
blocking subscribe to the given observable for the given name.
calculates a nice number for a given range.
copy a header from a request to a buffer.
send a metric to the telemetry client.
adds the given fields to this document if they match the given acceptable field names.
finds the resource in the given classloader's classpath.
returns an epl - formatted string representation of this object.
returns true if the item at index is specified.
create a new statarchivereader for the named archive.
initialize the adb socket address.
reads a number of bytes from a file.
returns true if the given tag name is one of the known tag names.
shuts down the platform.
returns true if the given row is expanded.
returns the index of the first character after the label, or - 1 if the label is not
adds a listener to the set listening to this animation.
constructs a new httpmethodinfo object.
checks repeated byte field equality ; null - value and 0 - length fields are considered equal.
draws text at the specified location.
updates the current race.
indicates whether this parameter is required.
send data to receiver.
print the matrix to the output stream.
create a set from a map.
removes all biomes of the specified type from the list of biomes allowed to spawn.
calculates the minimum, preferred and maximum requirements for a layout iterator.
writes an integer to the given writer, with the given size.
create an ldapfilterset that is an or filter set.
sends a blob instruction to the world model.
defines the labels of the plot.
returns a copy of the original set with the intervaltomerge added to the new set.
a gstring variant of the equivalent gstring method.
adds a node to the list of nodes.
prints text to the console.
trims this vector so that it contains no more than the number of elements.
recursively divides an array by a specified number of elements.
asserts that at least one thread stays alive.
creates a new instance of workermanager.
called when a message is received.
inserts p_net_no_arr via p_net_no_info.
returns true if the distinct projection buffer size exceeds the incoming bindings buffer size.
converts a string to a byte array.
returns the maximum width of all items in the list.
write a portion of an array of characters.
rounds this point to the left of the given direction.
determines the proxy to use for the specified target.
adds a new reference to the list.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list in proper sequence ( from first to last
returns true if the thread is running.
unwraps vcf from source file to tmp file.
registers a new user.
creates a select statement with the given columns.
test for mbean compliance.
convert a templatesequencemodel to a set of strings.
instantiates a new jks keystore.
writes the location to the output.
returns the index of the vtable at the given offset.
evaluates the xpath expression to a string.
converts a set of http headers to armeria equivalents.
calculates the rms value for the audio data.
initialize the shader program.
returns true if the keystore contains the given alias.
inverts the selected relations of the table.
float value of a negative bigdecimal.
binds the key store.
draws the connector centers around the workspace.
returns true if the given instruction is a merge.
loads the trust manager from the keystore.
returns true if the current node is outside a document element ( i.
creates a new threadpool with the given name and size.
invokes the given method, throwing an unchecked exception if the method throws an exception.
clears all normals and depths.
adds a new helper text color, which should be used to highlight the helper text, which
moves the clock to the next minute.
creates a new listbasedtokenstream.
resolves the specified class using the specified classloader.
returns a map of strings to objects that are valid according to the rules specified in the source map
returns the index within the specified range of the specified key in the specified array.
adds a synthetic edge to the result.
add an array of states to the automaton.
readObject is called to restore the state of the action from a stream.
retries regenumkeyex ( ) max_attempts times before giving up.
adds a task to the tasker.
initialize the compute shader.
sorts the elements in this list in increasing order.
converts a byte buffer to an object.
generates a group name based on policy name and existing group names.
assert that the given resultset has the expected number of columns.
creates a new defaultactiongroup with the given actions.
adds a new row to the table.
pushes a term onto the pending list.
construct a numeric literal.
atomically sets the head of this queue to the given value.
returns the set of kinds that this node depends on, including itself.
creates a new map with the specified aggressive concurrency level.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection via the named event.
skips all whitespace characters and returns the next non - whitespace character.
return an iterator over the literal result attributes.
parses the given string into a map of name / value pairs.
constructs a priority queue that contains the elements of another collection.
returns the resource id for the current schema.
returns true if the object is initialised.
denormalize a charsequence into a single string.
saves the selection file to the container.
returns true if the operation has been aborted.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
skip ( long maxvalue ) method testing.
creates a new instance of supporttestwebdata.
prints a boolean to standard output and flushes standard output.
creates new ipc shared memory space.
closes the database connection.
adds a qualifier to the version.
perform a 16bit load where the sign extended result fills the return value.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
unregisters a baggage handler.
creates a new dataset.
asserts that two arrays of eventbean [ ] [ ] objects are equal.
collects the text buffer and resets the firsttextnode.
unproxy the given annotation.
parses an expression.
adds the given section to the list of tickmark sections.
calculates the q - i value.
flushes the output stream.
deletes characters from the buffer.
adds a plotter to the plotters list.
utility for ceiling, floor, lower, higher methods.
add a listener to speedruns.
finds a subsequence of the input sequence that matches the pattern.
performs the specified action on the specified fault.
returns true if the string contains whitespace.
decodes the given base64 string using the given coder.
validates a set of strings.
adds the given values to the current values.
get a list of all objects in the database that belong to the specified owner.
computes the function for the given input and outputs at the given offset.
adds a long value to the request.
returns a negative integer if o1 comes before o2, zero if o2 comes after o
adds an action listener to the check box for the enable distributed experiment.
calculates the bounds of the title and returns it as a rect.
computes the sum of this gvector and the specified gvector.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns the offset of the first static field in the given class.
send a warning log message.
returns the first element of the array.
invoked when an action occurs.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer src, bytebuffer [ ]
upgrades the server instance.
creates a new instance of the given class.
pops a type from the output frame stack.
create a sip session.
create a new forum post.
draws the specified mark.
invoked when component has been resized.
convert a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
change the value of the label.
writes a byte array.
updates the point's angle based on the given x and y values.
waits for this thread to terminate.
clamps the position of the dragged child view to fit within the bounds of the view.
creates a new httprequestwrapper object.
converts an x - value to an integer value suitable for drawing into a panel.
forwards the request to the next handler in the chain.
returns a set of primary keys for a table.
read an unsigned integer from an input stream.
converts a leaf to a prefix token.
adds the given record to the list of records.
enqueues a message for sending.
wakes up a node s by performing a wait for a match.
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array, with the given string as a separator
finds the binding for the given key.
initialize the compute shader.
check if task completed success or failure from response.
center set of nodes half way between 0 and 1.
appends text to the text body.
called when restore instance state.
constructs a new hour.
undoes the last action.
checks if the fe app is connected using wifi.
flushes the buffer and closes the underlying writer.
returns true if the ordering is empty.
instantiates a new process.
extracts the music id from a media id.
verify identity. getscope ( ) returns identityscope.
builds the parameters for the given method.
returns true if the specified cell is contained in this set.
instantiates a new simplex noise generator.
converts to primitive array.
process new lines from the file.
initializes the lookup map.
returns a string representation of this formatconstraint.
readdata - - deserialize the basic block data from an input input stream.
adjusts the indentation level by the given delta.
returns the current capacity of the buffer.
parse a code string.
returns a random string between omin and omax.
test of reopen ( ) method, of class testb.
searches the given paths for a file with the given relative path.
returns true if the critical extension is unsupported.
formats a double value according to the choice limits.
load configuration from jvm parameters.
soft - sign - in : check if the user is authorized to access the session.
tests view alter and command cache.
returns true if the specified amount is an approximate unit.
creates an element in the specified document with the specified namespace and prefix.
modifies the contents of a file.
in the current state, the implementation should update the population.
tests the listing of the options.
computes the location of a lat / lon pair.
called when the size of the view has changed.
remove a turntable from the track.
process notification of the end of an element.
convert an image to a matrix.
creates a new instance of filesystemutils.
returns the size of the scheduled queue.
creates a new dgeneralnamechooser dialog.
destroys the scene.
adds a mitrejoin between two segments.
discards any characters outside of the base64 alphabet, per the requirements on page 25 of rfc
multiply two numbers of different scales ; the first is positive.
limits the lease duration to the given limit.
returns the cookie path from a cookie path string.
formats a double into a string.
creates a label generator with the specified date formatter.
make an id from a snmp oid.
adds an attribute to the cache.
reads the policy from the given reader.
inject values from the cim volume information container into the volume information map.
called when the view is detached from the recyclerview.
loads a file into the table.
returns an inputstream that can be decompressed.
returns the hashcode for the location.
creates a prefix query for the given field with the given prefix length.
creates a subject for the given user.
makes sure the capacity and size of the vector can accomodate the given index.
adds the classpath to the command line list, but does not add any options.
load the image associated with the hex.
triangulate a pointset.
encodes the given byte array using base64.
writes a java field specification.
restores the state of this object from a stream ( that is, deserializes it ).
parses an rdf document from the given reader, using the given base uri.
removes the destination statement from the given text.
replaces unprintable characters by their escaped ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given string.
adds a file to the classpath.
inserts new items at the specified index.
this method is deprecated. use add ( ) instead.
returns an intbuffer with the major version number.
set the document source for this request.
creates the data to sign.
sets the if - modified - since header to the given value.
returns the absolute path to the tmp journal.
create an array of the given type with the given dimensions.
play the given animations together.
prints an error message.
returns a string representation of the request statistics.
apply l1 regularization to the vector x.
this method cannot be called directly.
returns all the text at the given url.
loads the move participants for the given move element.
determine the preference vector based on the strategy.
paint the arrow in disabled state.
flipbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
called when a user is clicked.
returns true if there are more events to be processed.
extracts an xmp from an input stream.
initialize the given validator.
crosses this bayesnet object over another bayesnet object.
resets the digest to its initial state.
creates a new perspective.
returns the phred value of the specified error.
returns a string representation of the given type.
returns the encoded form of this string.
asserts that this token has the given type.
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate3 ( ). updates values in one column in the table
setnull ( null ) is not supported.
returns true if the type is assignable from the given type.
inserts a penalty into the demand reason table.
instantiates a new sample info.
handle a maintenance operation.
executes the callable and updates the timer.
returns true if the specified bytecode version string represents a jdk 1.
adds a mapping with the specified type to the request.
finds the given template in the given path.
initializes the cache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory.
add a circularprogressviewlistener to the listener list.
creates a new sitestatuscheckthreadimpl.
renders the glyph to the specified graphics context.
resets the list of retained variables to the given list.
releases the application context.
deletes all tables in the database.
find a pet category by id.
marks a default session token as removed for a particular site.
creates a new exchange.
computes the alpha value of a discard.
convert unix time to filetime.
encrypts a string using the specified secret keys.
removes the given address from this user.
this method is called when the view has been resized.
Report the end element trace event.
verify that the migrate from product home directory is the same as the config home directory.
returns an array of spanned objects representing the spans in the history.
formats the given message with the given arguments.
inserts the prosody settings into the utterance.
create a folder if it does not exist.
translate matrix after rotation.
creates the ticker text.
adds the protocol type to the list of protocols if it does not already exist.
returns a string representation of this klazz.
adds a key to the hash.
loads a configuration from a resource.
writes a message to the log.
draws the title on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer )
construct a public key from its encoding.
returns the number of hits that match the query.
returns true if the expression is true.
adds a header to the response.
perform an asynchronous max operation.
writes a character followed by a newline.
tests writing an empty record.
commits the changes to the table.
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate7 ( ). updates values in one column in the table
extracts the indent string from a line of text.
does the work of getting the full path.
checks if the status line matches the pattern and adds the file to the container if not.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_down, result is negative ; distance = - 1
encodes a string using the specified charset.
slides the panel up.
adds a list of sticky drawer items.
test whether to log'finest'at'debug'level.
resets the tree to its initial state.
returns the trigonometric sine of the specified angle in radians.
method to extract raw data from the stego data, including header and footer.
creates a session id based on a prototype session id.
compute a cardinal spline, a series of cubic bezier splines smoothly connecting a set of
returns true if the queue matches the sequence.
compares two comparable objects, returning a negative integer, zero, or a positive integer as the first
checks if superuser.
adds an expression to the expression list.
executes the task on the first element of the iterator.
finds a component in a container by name.
checks if is fingerprint.
writes an float field value.
extracts the column keys from a line.
draws a rhombus polygon at the specified location.
converts a list of bytebuffers into a list of bytearrays.
instantiates a class with the given class name.
generates a derived key of the given number of bytes.
tests that systemrunfinalization returns even if queue is empty.
show the keyguard window.
computes the width of a string.
checks whether an accessibilityevent passes a sanity check.
responds to the user's action.
returns a string representation of the given date.
creates a new instance.
creates an email object with the specified value.
instantiates a new address lookup.
adds a change listener.
constructs a node with the specified parameters.
construct a cell with the specified rowspan and colspan.
adds a new element to the element stack.
constructs a new format from a string.
returns true if the specified interval is equal to this interval.
converts a base url to an absolute one.
start the task.
creates a new journal index.
closes the plog file.
parses the first consonant.
instantiates a new buddy panel controller.
executes javac on the given directory.
park and check if the thread is interrupted.
returns a list of all gpu platforms.
adds an action request helper.
check if object is a date.
convert config object to xml string.
builds a quadrilateral from a set of points.
heapify - up method for 2-ary heap.
inserts a key / value pair into the trie.
unlocks both puts and takes.
returns true if the filename is a sub - format.
write the constant to the output stream.
initialize properties from the given properties object.
adds a network listener.
appends the content prefix to the given url buffer.
adds an error listener.
validates a class name.
imports the base types of a module.
builds a matrix from the given dom node.
record a file system event and audit it.
constructs a coretokenexception with the specified error code.
creates a new dviewkseframe dialog.
computes the dynamic vm paths for the given java project.
normalizes a string builder by removing characters that are not allowed in a number.
skips the vector at the specified index.
removes an organization configuration.
removes a group listener.
constructs a new setchangelogmapping.
extracts the key from the name.
computes the spacing between two motions.
transforms a string map using the given key and value classes.
creates a new componentmanager with a set of general seeds.
removes all observers from the list.
unsynchronizes the given byte array.
calculates the general encryption key.
creates a new message capture object.
unzip a byte array.
inserts an item into a combo box.
pauses the execution of a coroutine.
returns true if there is an error in the last line of output.
converts the specified number to string.
decodes a string into a map.
returns an unmodifiable set view of the keys contained in this map.
called when the activity is being started.
constructs a new propagation imp with the specified lineage.
instantiates a new native runner.
returns a string with the given indent height.
reduces the given calendar by zero values.
surrounds the given string with the given prefix and suffix.
tests if a point is not in a list of points.
trim or pad a string.
schedules the session to the timer pool.
decrypt bytes previously encrypted with this class.
logs information about the current operating system.
this method is called before a value is written.
calculates the sha256 hash of a string.
generates the native guid format as transportzone.
tests whether a servlet with the name and jsp file is correctly added.
returns true if the specified value is equal to this value.
prints an error message.
remove a sip event listener.
creates a new execution system for the given uri and environment.
returns true if the type is a command.
send a report to the client.
returns true if the given string starts with any of the given prefixes.
tests ordering by datatype.
handle a mouseclicked mouselistener event.
format values for sql query.
paints the top edge of the content border.
analyzes all the events and writes the results to a file.
executes a sql update.
returns the current time in milliseconds.
creates an entry from a list of lines.
clears the list of parser highlights.
read a short, 64 - bits.
formats an integer into an existing byte array.
append an array of characters.
returns true if the user has permission to access the order header.
returns true if this class is an annotation class.
returns true if this basic block is equivalent to the given basic block.
calculates the compile checksum.
returns true for a long label.
creates a new secret block.
install package normal by system intent.
creates the insert list.
read the metadata of an outline file.
decodes the run length.
reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte array.
creates a global parameter constraint.
inflates an overlay from a configuration string.
brute - force hashing of a revocation hash.
create a new fancyloader.
returns true if the given resource has changed since the last time the template was compiled.
performs a flip operation on the image.
load value from property string value.
returns a map of all namespaces in the given element.
draw the hook path.
convert a bitmap to a byte array.
responds to the continue button.
flush a pending adhoc ptp message.
resets the display cache and the id cache.
copy a directory recursively.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
record log data.
loads the rewrites from the given string.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
this method is called when the connection closes.
handle an http request.
create a negative number from an array of bytes.
formats the given double value.
removes the items at the specified positions from the list.
resets the bounds of the shape.
attempts to convert a string to a colour.
returns the rank of the matrix.
executes a random modifiable variable modification.
saves a string to a file.
delete old temp files.
flush the current transaction.
convert a byte array to a jpegimage.
despawns the specified object.
returns the topic for the given event id.
returns the result of the match.
creates a project constraint set in the given zip file.
decodes a quoted - printable string into its original form using the default character encoding of the platform
creates a copy of the original extent to the target extent.
returns the class object for which the security manager can access the class.
helper method to set the path style.
convert a color to an angle.
parses an old bounded size.
adds an encoded query parameter.
creates an image link.
creates a new namespace object.
atomically decrements by one the current value.
update the bubble color.
removes all elements from the array.
locks both puts and takes.
clears the cache.
updates the podcast publication date and the last episode media url.
remove our ui defaults.
makes this object immutable.
compute a k - nearest neighbor query from a distance query.
returns a new set containing the positions in the given set that are between the given start and end
appends the id to the buffer.
creates a new available migration with the given version.
description of the method.
draws an image, applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing.
initializes the display.
selects all elements in the list.
adds a raw nvp name / value pair.
returns the number of elements in this set.
like datainputstream. readunsignedint except little endian.
get all countries for a given address type.
adds a pause listener.
makes this object immutable.
adds the given component to the list of components.
opens the given url.
invalidates the bounds of the specified line.
constructs a bytebandedraster with the given samplemodel.
initialize this uri from another uri.
removes and returns last element, or null if empty.
checks if a refresh notification is registered for the given client and type.
reads the output of a process into a collection of strings.
fill header and footer.
adds an operand to the operand list.
calculate total collected amt.
skips specified number of bytes.
removes all ims from the list.
escapes a string so that it can be used as an ascii string.
copies the content from the given reader into this object, using the specified encoding.
clears the dictionary cache.
converts an array of objects to a type string.
renames a file. returns true if successful.
executes a command in a separate thread.
returns the kind names for the given flags.
returns the length of the string.
serializes a digest response into a string.
populates the combos for the given activity.
find the encoding for the given media type and http headers.
convert an image to a standard image format.
returns the start time.
move to the next view in the list.
checks if is hh.
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
adds a method to the cache.
setbit ( int n ) the leftmost bit in a positive number.
destroys the beans from the view map and the context map.
closes the given output stream.
returns the node at the specified index.
returns the visible width of the given character.
create a directory if it does not already exist.
creates a new gtsstream wrapping the given base timestamp.
encodes an array of coordinates into a string.
extracts the weight values for each synapse.
flushes the buffer and closes the connection.
returns true if the filter contains all of the given hashes.
ensures that the byte buffer has enough capacity to store the given number of additional data.
returns true if the given number is a valid number for this country.
trims trailing slash if present.
returns the next classification key and its list of longs.
adds the given alpha value to the given color.
stops the server and releases all resources.
copies the contents of the given operand array into the given local state.
read a response message from the remote node.
adds an element to the queue.
instantiates a new translatable component.
adds the specified part at the specified index.
inserts the value into this builder.
returns true if the given nature and weapon are equal.
dumps the state of the storage to the logger.
open the connection to the server.
tries to find a conversion from source type to target type.
advances the api up to the given time.
this method calls proc updateuserroles and updates the values passed.
send an option request.
test the journal against a set of properties.
adds a delete to the end of the list.
compute the maximum of two values.
adds an imagecontainer to the container list.
calls the super method and writes the polynomiale approximation of the knn distance
adds a method to the chain.
gets the current request.
creates a sha256 hash of the given password.
schedules a commercial of the given length.
returns a hash code for this instance.
unsubscribes the topic for the given message.
is operating system digital unix?.
disconnects the client from the server.
indicates whether this compound name is a suffix of the specified compound name.
calculates the total height of the view.
checks whether the given string is a valid regular expression.
returns true if there is a specialized handler for the given intent.
flushes the output stream.
attaches the footer text to the content.
creates a new sentence with the given children.
tests that internal state of the object can not be modified by modifying initial array value.
initialize the store.
creates a cumulative histogram from the given histogram.
update icons for a package.
parses a string into a datetimedata.
adds the given attribute values to the list of attributes.
test the case where the park times out.
sets the maximum number of segments that should be committed to this manager.
finish all closing fragments.
writes a sequence of utf - 8 bytes.
converts a hex string to a string.
returns a collection of scenarios and examples that match the filter.
convert rate to speed string.
returns the next element in the iteration.
returns true if field queuesize is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise.
converts a double to a string.
creates a test index created event with a bulk data hit.
validates the value against the rule.
returns the uri of the source tree with the given owner.
returns a random number between [ start, end ).
adds an event to the response queue.
create a random algorithm parameter spec.
returns true if the character is a valid token character.
draws the line and points for the given ordereddateset.
add an element type.
creates a log tag for the given class.
writes a string followed by a newline.
returns a new uri with the given fragment removed.
paints the outline of the component.
returns a byte array representation of the game.
adds a new import candidate.
draws the arrow head.
this method is called when the class loader is loaded.
unmarshals the parameters of the given method.
loads the exception data from the service.
creates a resource name from a resource name and locale.
returns a string representation of the given array, using the given renderer.
draws the icon on the specified graphics.
executes the query and returns the number of rows modified.
resets the runtime and clears all read properties.
converts an image to a bufferedimage.
returns true if the test was cancelled.
remove a directededge from the set of outgoing edges.
returns true if an event with the specified name could be generated.
this method is called when a message is received from the producer thread.
set the until date of the query.
returns true if the specified touch point is within the thumb's bounds.
cleans up all files in the given directory.
returns true if this entity can be collided with with another entity.
adds the given duration to the current time.
submits a task to the specified queue.
creates a new task distributor.
dumps the audio data to a writer.
adds editor to field.
add an incomplete room to the list of incomplete rooms.
computes the desired magnitude of the ellipsoid.
trims all leading and trailing whitespace from the given charsequence.
validates vnx smis request parameters.
calculates the next trace.
converts an object to a bytebuffer.
write bytes to the socket.
create a new sensor if all checks are passed system name is normalized to ensure uniqueness.
returns the maximum of the two specified vectors.
fills a polygon defined by p_points with the given color.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream, removing prior exif tags.
decodes a base 256 segment.
move to the current day.
converts an ip address to a byte array.
returns true if the template is valid.
returns the next element from the queue.
returns the cumulative probability density function of the normal distribution.
destroys this connection and removes it from the connection pool.
parses an atom pattern.
creates a new user object from the given command line udids.
returns true if the network is connected or connecting.
called when a tab is closing.
adds a new sam configuration.
send a close packet to the server.
removes all collapsed edges from the list and replaces them with the new ones.
calculates the car's location based on the timing of the track.
creates a new seaglasstitlepane.
returns a string representation of this list.
writes a 64 - bit long to the target stream.
expands a list of files matching some wildcard expressions into a list of strings.
returns a charset for the given charset name.
constructs a new integer attribute.
dump a message with an array of stack trace elements.
executes the given sql statement.
returns the cache name for the given method signature.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end - user
maps a library name to a native library name.
returns the next match.
loads all fragments from the loadingqueue and updates the layermanager.
adds a private field to the type.
reconstructs the private subrs for the given font.
returns true if the given sequence matches this regular expression.
initializes the gl context.
clears the scrap heap.
adds the token request parameters to the query string body.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
adds the given line to the output if it is not already lenient.
recursively merges all children of the given node.
negate ( ) for a negative bigdecimal.
creates an instance of the given item type and binds it to the parameters.
creates a new simplesetuppanel for the given experiment.
adds the given listener to the list of listeners.
process the command line arguments.
check if zoning is required for this virtualarray.
initializes the xml element tree.
returns true if there is a name value with the given name.
returns true if this string starts with the specified prefix.
returns true if the window manager contains the window of the given class.
support for reporting bound property changes for integer properties.
fades the view to the specified layer.
computes the hash code of a repeated boolean field.
creates a new abstractsurfaceobject which is a copy of the given source.
parses a soot method string.
this method is called when the server is starting up.
find the start of the column.
decodes a color string into a color object.
returns the modules required for processing for the given source and target data types.
returns the distance between this vector and another vector.
calculates the elapsed time for all gcbeans.
closes this connection and releases any system resources associated with it.
adds entries to a list that is distinct from another list.
starts an object. called when the start of an object is reached.
send a stream of events to kafka.
create a string from a char.
adds the connection view to the view list.
trims the given text from the given span.
adds the given listener to the list of listeners.
called when a consume has finished.
test verifies that get and put methods return the correct byte array.
returns a new array that contains the concatenated contents of all the given arrays.
ensures that the external array tmp has at least the specified number of elements, increasing its size
adds a new range to the dataset.
adds a continuation element to the test elements.
calculates the rotation angle between two points.
count the occurrences of this pattern in the given charsequence.
create the object, decoding the values from the passed integer.
verbose log message with printf formatting.
calculates the log probability of a given number of occurrances.
sets the distance between the target and the given tolerance.
called when the drag has finished.
writes the log to the table.
inserts the entry into the dynamic table.
extracts the secret access key from a s3 uri.
dials a contact.
add a class to the list of safe classes.
check if there is enough room in the active list.
returns true if the server is running.
parses an rslp resource into a map of steps.
returns a string representation of the bet.
test verifies that a non - empty journal can be created.
check if rows match ip address.
quick pow, with a max relative error of about 2.
returns the entry path for the given class.
write a pos to a string.
returns a map of all annotations in a package.
returns the first way or node that can be paste from.
triggers an update of the cursor.
returns true if the mouse event specifies the middle mouse button.
adds a success message.
called when the start stopped checkbox is changed.
closes the input stream.
returns the sequence number of the next log segment.
asserts that a specific language is set.
returns a random value between 0 and 1 indicating that the block was exploded.
returns true if there are any queued reader threads.
returns the number of milliseconds in which this session was inactive.
Equivalent to assert cond : value ;.
adds a cosdefinition to the definition.
creates a sourcedataquality object from the given dom element.
converts the given output class to a qname.
generates a jwt token from the given parameters.
exports a set of symbols.
returns true if the given message is fulfilling.
add a datasource listener.
finds the effective annotation in the qualifier hierarchy of the given type.
change to failed and notify listeners.
reads n bytes from the given inputstream into buf starting at the given position.
computes the euclidean distance between two instances.
called after parsing finishes.
cancels included only actions.
returns a list of entries that have been killed, or null if no entries were killed.
creates an error dialog with the specified title and message.
checks if the suffix of the index header matches the expected suffix.
print a tag with attributes.
parses the disk string.
returns true if the object is trusted.
creates a new persistent search request control.
connects all synapses from the source neurons to the target neuron.
multiply a character by a character.
normalizes the given charsequence by removing all whitespace from the beginning and end of the string.
adds a zonechangelistener to the zonechangelistener list.
write a byte to the buffer.
instantiates a new start listener.
returns a flat list of the elements in the matrix.
resets the schedulers hook to null.
returns the hash of the given key for use on disk.
record the time since the last call to this method.
throws an assertionfailedexception if the test is interrupted.
parses the given string as xml.
returns the default max radius.
copies the builder's character array into a new character array.
returns the number of pending workers.
inserts a component at the specified index.
unescapes the given source string using the given escape char and special characters.
appends the contents of the inputstream to the end of the path.
creates a new map with the same mappings as the given map.
adds a new rule to the rule set.
appends the given byte array as a read data segment to this builder.
checks if is latest dss keystore.
initializes the resource bundle.
creates a new instance of layergraphicwarehousesupport.
returns true if the package name matches the naming convension.
remembers a factory for a host.
returns the next character in the string.
removes first entry ; returns its snapshot.
creates new task cancellation exception given throwable as a cause and source of error message.
normalizes a sequence of characters to a sequence of characters.
removes obsolete elements from the list.
removes an action from the update manager.
returns the distance error for a given number of quadsegments.
returns the next sequence and comments.
adds the specified character to self.
returns true if the given ifd id is a valid ifd id.
remove a child from this group.
check if storageport exists in db.
appends a split element to the splits list.
creates a new osmhandler object.
flushes any pending bits and closes the underlying stream.
gets the direct connection.
appends a national number to the beginning of the string, if necessary.
cuts the copy and deletes selected objects.
stops the service. this method is called when the service is stopped.
releases the index to the pool.
configures the command line.
write a transform to the stream.
signum ( ) for a positive bigdecimal.
returns a copy of this chain with the specified painter added at the front.
parses an operator from the token stream.
drags this uiobject to the specified destination uiobject.
adds all sync entries to the sync queue.
removes a series from the list.
adds a glue to a jbox.
writes a result object to a file.
this class should not be instantiated.
this method will be used to write the blocklet info to file.
renders a tree into a string.
replaces all occurrences of a regular expression in a stringbuffer.
compares two characters in a string.
adjusts the length of the backing file.
create a collection of ordered subnets from p_pin_list.
create a js method invocation expression.
simulates a double click on the graph.
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization.
drops tables from the database.
creates a disk segment.
checks if the given email is in the list of people.
returns the maximum of two double values, ignoring any double.
crab down a directory block for modification.
removes the reference to the http connection.
returns true if queue starts with a word.
creates a new vacuumenvironment with a random state.
generate the class file for the given class.
adds a listener to long click events.
removes a creature respawn point from the list.
create a photo from a gps file.
converts a byte array to a long.
escapes a single character in the lexer.
this method cannot be called directly.
removes formatting from a line of text.
xor for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
prints the current charging times.
returns true if the list of rdns is empty.
write the local csv file.
creates an organization configuration.
deletes an authentication domain.
adds a source code remark.
called before modifying an action.
saves the document in async mode.
indicates whether this stream supports the mark ( ) operation.
returns the name of the parent relation.
creates a bytecolumn with the given initial capacity and default value.
convert a select statement into a relational tree.
executes the given function in the given file.
instantiates a new htm dom builder.
formats the sample rate.
returns true if this session has been closed.
starts this thread.
constructs a new type simplifier.
escapes a given byte array.
returns the name of the object.
returns a string representation of the given dom document.
returns a mongoclient instance for the specified list of members.
casts a string to a boolean value ( primitive value type ).
returns true if there are more work to do.
sets the seed value.
generates the class file.
returns true if compact font format is used.
main method for testing this class.
returns the mosesize feature.
calculates the approximate height of a text, depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e
checks to see if the server is shutting down.
removes threads from the queue that are not waiting for their dependencies and executes them.
callnonvirtualshortmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a short value.
fire a property change of a boolean property with the given name.
removes all locomotive markers.
captures a string token.
converts a long value to a localized string representation.
tests parsing of handshake packets.
runs the test case.
checks that the given opcode value is a valid opcode value.
creates a template for the given value.
returns true if the custom area should be taken focus.
initialize this sslcontext with a private key.
selects zones for initiators and ports.
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified.
writes a jar post resource element.
closes the file.
constructs a typedeventlistener with the given wrappedlistener and event class.
returns a list of all child nodes of the given node.
creates a new corleonecontext instance.
calculates the logarithm of a set of integers.
adds a method to this class.
adds the replication factor to the request.
returns the initial splash frame or null if no splash is available.
decodes the line suffix.
add a server transaction to the hash.
calculates the spacing between two motions.
returns true if the given method is a polymethod.
instantiates a new jk query.
select attribute set instance.
ensures that the save file is open.
tests canonicalizing the cache.
prints an object to standard output and flushes standard output.
stops the service and executes the given runnable.
reads bytes from the given input stream into the given buffer starting from the given offset.
this method will generate the graph file.
closes an output stream passed in.
add a propertychangelistener for a specific property.
returns true if this entry has expired.
loads the user info into the action bar.
returns the direction that should be used for the arrow key.
creates a new tracegraph with the given spans.
checks if is persistent.
make a date from separate strings for month, day, year, hour, minute, and second
handle a failed Mesos task.
finds the configuration file in the working directory.
attempts to add a word to the buffer.
this method is called when a preference is clicked.
reads the www - authenticate header.
returns the string representation of the boolean value.
test of sendtoproducer method, of class testtextmessage.
adds'live'flag to the query.
gets the contents at the given uri.
returns true if the key exists.
creates a new allocationsite.
draws an image, applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing.
parse an integer from a sequence of characters.
creates new form activitymonitorsample.
returns the extreme locations in a great circle with the given starting location and azimuth.
initialize a checkbox preference.
paint the check mark in enabled state.
find the index of the first occurrance of'/ ','/ ','/
write a command to the log file.
reloads the paths of all jpg files from the root directory.
creates a new instance of dnsrecord.
convert a stream of strings into a single string, separated by a newline.
adds a content specification node to the current element.
increases the size of the spine by 1.
tries to reconnect to the current port.
returns collection of records.
returns the contents of this writer as a string.
returns true if the variable has a change event with the given name.
resets all the xmrs in the list.
returns the distance between this circle and another circle.
creates a new command with the given name and arguments.
increases the size of the array to accomodate more values.
convert a table name to lower case.
create an instance with the specified modifiers.
breadth - first search implementation.
instantiates a new view render.
check that the number of arguments passed to this method is correct.
sends a multicast announcement to the service.
creates a new instance of drawingattributes.
closes the underlying scanner.
creates a policy tree in the specified organization.
rollback method for creating a snapshot.
converts a string denoting a time value ( e.
detaches an activity from the view map.
read the preferences from the sharedpreferences file.
adds a download to the active list.
adds an expression to the tla code.
returns true if the given string is a valid upper - case camel - case string.
type the given string.
returns true if this provider provides an identifier.
removes redundant affixes from a list of strings.
returns a random number from the distribution ; bypasses the internal state.
this method is called when the user wants to resume updates.
stores the last use time in the map.
returns true if the specified child element can be contained at the specified top element.
extracts the arcs from an object id.
isduplicate ( string id ) method testing.
updates the statistics for the conditional density estimator.
returns true if this file should be included in the generated metadata.
add two negative numbers of the same length.
registers a new connection.
increments the access count.
compares two double values.
convert bitmap to byte array.
creates new form configurenb.
returns the log of the given number and base.
evaluates the uf4 problem.
creates a new filesaverdescriptor object.
reads a block of data from the input stream.
adds a run to the run queue.
copies the converters into the given array.
add an output sensor.
initializes the reader with a socket channel.
resets the playback state.
if a value is present, invoke the specified consumer with the value, otherwise do nothing.
send the message with the intensity to the target device.
reads the next token from standard input, parses it as a float, and returns the float
instantiates a new glow scheduler.
java. util. arrays # fill ( int [ ], int, int, int, int
calculates control width and creates text layouts.
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values.
checks if the given variable is valid for the given state.
description of the method.
converts an iso 8601 duration to a human readable string.
sends a message to a group chat room.
returns a string object representing this object.
removes the specified thread from the list of running threads.
creates a new docknodeeventhandler object.
reads the source to log.
deletes the current license file on disk.
returns the test network parameters.
this method is called from the worker thread.
reads a chessevent from a stream.
update the bounds of the fast scroller.
creates a new dnetscapepolicy dialog.
creates a directory with the specified name under the specified parent directory.
is operating system windows 8?.
returns the set of functions used by the given set of units that are not used by any
adds all items from startindex to endindex.
returns the noproxy list.
adds the includes to the linker.
adds an observation to the dataset.
counts the variants of a vcf record.
reads bytes into an array.
creates a new ldif file.
update the leftperson and enteredperson fields.
removes the map at the specified position.
present licenses to the user.
adds a geo key to the index.
detect a pattern in a gts.
dumps a list of candidate items to a string.
flatten a boolean [ ] into an xmlserializer.
adds an outbound rule to the outbound rule list.
creates a new skype object.
stop dragging the view.
adds the given flags to the layout flags.
returns the alias of the certificate in the keystore that matches the given certificate.
purges the last N articles from the database.
move all views currently in the list to the new list.
instantiates a new proxy verifier.
overrides paint to translate the screen coordinate to the screen coordinate.
insert a " " before the key.
transfer an input stream to an output stream.
tests the functionality of the method, which allows to read a directory.
adds two long values checking for convergence.
serializes a compact rdf.
adds a checkbox to the given container.
pushes a new state onto the stack.
drops an index from a table.
returns but does not remove the element at the head of the queue.
adds a new processor.
adds the given byte array as a opcode to the given index in the program.
initialize this instance with the given configuration parameters.
deletes the entry from the free pool.
convert less than one thousand.
returns true if the image is an embedded base64 image.
change the state of the device.
parses the link label.
reads the contents of the given file as a string.
invoked when a runtime exception is thrown.
checks if the user has access to the app.
closes the file, saving it if necessary.
selects an operator based on the probability distribution.
splits a string into a list of strings.
this method will convert boolean array to string.
decode buffer to bytebuffer.
clears the list of buttons and sets all buttons to null.
returns a color that is brighter than the given color.
shuts down the network thread pool.
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send.
this method is called when the read has completed.
write a golomb code.
adds a force to the force list.
convert a number to a metricvalue.
returns true if the given sequence overlaps the given range of characters.
constructs a new instance of b.
prepare - e. g., get parameters.
returns true if the url is configured.
converts a comma delimited list to an array of strings.
reads a byte array from the file.
fatalerror : print a message and exit.
creates a backup of the given file.
push a pair onto the stack.
removes the storage directory.
appends the container configuration to the container configuration.
instantiates a new read only game settings.
deletes a set of users.
returns true if the file should be included in the glob.
removes a region from the list of regions.
a utility function to close an input stream without raising an exception.
this method is called when the start of an element is encountered.
stops the web socket server, and waits for it to close.
creates a new storage with the default temporary directory.
calculates the bar width and stores it in the renderer state.
starts the camera.
adds a breakpoint listener.
updates the display area of the component.
wake all waiters in given phase.
returns a dateformat object that can be used to convert a string representation of a date / time
prints the stack trace of the exception to the console.
scans the type parameters of a type and checks if they are valid camel - case.
creates a new block with the specified multi - push flag.
returns the value of the poisson distribution.
finds an expression for the given source string.
adds a channel to the channel store.
deletes all files in the given directory.
pipe input stream to output stream.
releases the detector and releases all resources.
trims leading characters from the given string.
retrieves and removes the head of this queue, waiting if necessary until an element with an expired
attempts to schedule an action0 for the duty thread.
submits a task to the cache.
adds an attribute selection.
creates a new array of bytes that will be left over from the current last byte.
sample a value from the action values.
this method is called when a channel is closed.
method to configure the headless simulation.
returns true if the id is the id of the next window.
returns true if the given class is visible in the given class loader.
remove an event from zookeeper.
creates a new instance.
returns true if the argument name is equal to the name of this element, and the argument is
adds all the elements of an array to a list.
removes the specified supercardtoast from the list.
test parsing of vmstat header and data.
generates a secretkey from the given password.
partially escapes the given assertion value.
removes the view at the given index from the given parent.
checks whether a declaration with the given prefix has already been declared in this scope.
adds an agent to the environment and performs a step.
calculates the physical status of the attack.
creates a new vertexprocessor.
releases the lock, returning true if the lock was released.
validates the availability of a given replica on a given collection.
return this as a classdeclaration or throw unsupportedoperationexception.
convert a partition specification to a name.
convert the specified charsequence to an input stream, encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding.
tests the behaviour of hitendtest after a find.
deletes cheque from repository.
calculates the partial correlation coefficient of a submatrix.
adds a column to the table.
adds the put and get time nanos.
checks if the saturation value is valid.
parse the given cell string and return the corresponding cell string.
fire a pseudopropertychange event.
runs a command on the given directory.
returns the socket channel to which this socket is connected.
java. text. date # equals ( java. text. date d ) test of method java
returns a string representation of the given tag.
adds the file filters to the chooser.
retries regenumvalue ( ) max_attempts times before returning.
parses an rfc 822 string into a date object.
validates the shapes in the shapesmodel.
adds an annotation to the page.
find preferred idp from the succinct id.
check and create a directory if it does not exist.
assert the specified values have been received.
returns true if a journal rebuild is required.
prints a float followed by a newline.
extracts a register from an operand operand or sub - register.
called when authentication fails.
builds the interceptors for the given method.
removes all phi instructions from the ir.
counts the number of occurrences of a token in a target string.
creates a map of testcase - > set of goals for each test.
builds the interceptors to be used for a route.
check if footprint is valid gml footprint.
main entry point for the test.
quantiles ( inverse cumulative density function ).
creates a cipherparameters instance from a bcpbe key.
instantiates a new quick assist assistant.
writes a byte at the specified offset from this native object's base address.
adds a validation error.
parses an option setting and puts it into a map.
generates client credentials using the given salt, identity and password.
builds the index using the given core and searcher.
starts the tour with the given json string.
tests the serialization using a random number generator.
adds a listener to the list of listeners.
clamp the magnitude of a value to an absolute minimum and maximum.
handles a'click'on the plot.
adjusts the bytecode index for an osr specialization.
returns a string representation of this object.
interposes a portion of an array.
creates a new temporary directory and returns it.
synchronizes all auth data asynchronously.
creates an element in the encryption space.
move all views remaining in mactiveviews to mscrapviews.
draws the wind line.
returns true if the proxy settings are set.
returns true if this double value is equal to the default value.
parse key - value pairs to map.
called when the size of the view has changed.
adds a new buffer to the end of the buffer.
creates a web site address from a string.
test of filter 001.
resets the pending tele missile attacks list.
add padding to a byte array.
adds commands from a pdfpage to the command list.
returns a string representation of the matrix.
adds the given statements to the end of this sequence.
notify the listeners that the activity state has changed.
computes the elasticity of a given spot.
reads the contents of an http entity into a byte array.
returns the first foo in the ordered set where uuid = & # 63 ;.
rounds the given value to the nearest integer precision.
creates a new instance of the runner.
is operating system windows me?.
convert a date to a string.
computes the preferred size of the given component.
returns true if both astnodes have the same element type.
appends the data to the stringbuilder.
converts a long to a string.
resets the stream to its initial state.
reads a single byte from an inputstream.
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding
returns true if idp proxy is enabled.
compiles the prolog to java source.
removes all listeners from this spring.
create a selectioninputdialog whose combobox can be editable.
builds the index using the given core and searcher.
converts a class name to a resource path.
constructs a uri from the given components.
adds a solution to the population and returns its id.
returns a copy of the internal buffer.
creates a disk in the specified project.
checks if the given host name matches the given domain.
disables the given attribute.
generates the instruction to push the given instruction on the stack.
encodes the parameters in a http post body.
returns the iobject corresponding to the given key.
writes the index to the given output.
returns the toggle node property.
decode utf - 8 encoded bytes from the given byte buffer, and append them to the given string
construct a vector by appending one vector to another vector.
reverses the direction of the animation stack.
start the contract observer.
support for reporting changes for constrained integer properties.
correctness test for the lm model.
called when a list of sinks has been received.
converts a dto to an entity.
generates the statement to drop an external foreign key.
attempts to acquire the file lock.
point this header to another data object.
collects all the files that have been affected by the git operation.
updates the position of the particle.
updates the length of the tick labels.
returns true if targetposition is within bounds of startposition and endposition.
tests that the indices of the statements in the database are consistent.
shows the item with the given id.
sets an integer option.
determine the target page based on the current page position and velocity.
returns the value at the given index in the matrix as a string.
copies the contents of the given vector3f into this one.
converts a glob string to a regular expression.
forces a no loss for the given value.
splits the given string into an array of strings with the given separator character.
test splitting on escaped semicolons.
removes the object at the specified offset from the source array.
instantiates a new dictionary adapter.
returns true if the tab associated with the given tabid is not destroyed.
creates a new httpstreamwrapper object.
adds a file to the list of files to be processed.
returns true if the character at the current position is a digit.
constructs a hull from two points.
reads a short ( 16 bit ) from the source stream.
print the string representation of the specified integer to the target.
creates a proximity node in a graph.
check if zoning is required for the given varray.
sends a reply to this stream.
creates a new animation with the specified name, delay and frames.
navigates to the dump page.
adds a list of messages.
makes a random cache entry.
performs a swap operation on the current display surface.
creates a list of window of size windowsize.
builds a path from a jsonpath.
adds the element at the specified position in the array to the end of the array.
returns the double value of this double attribute.
returns a string representation of the matrix in matlab format.
creates a new fileinputreader for the given file.
create an object output stream for this file.
returns the set of keys contained in this map.
adds a new certificate validity.
adds a policy listener to the cache.
verifies that the given code matches the one stored in the cache.
returns a new script engine for the given file.
finds the module with the given id in the list of raw modules.
extracts a value from a list if it is of a certain type.
returns a local date for the proleptic - year and day - of - year.
recovers an entry from a keystore.
creates a new loader for the given base url.
min ( ) for unequal bigdecimals.
creates a new wiser instance.
concats an array of integers into an array.
move the camera to a new location.
shuts down the executor service.
resets the builder to its initial, empty state.
compresses the current string with the previous string.
returns the index of the split list.
send a error log message.
add a propertychangelistener to the listener list.
cleans a directory recursively.
calculates minimum version of all candidates in cache.
instantiates a new dimensioned scalar.
description of the method.
computes the standard deviation of the given instance using the given kernel.
this method should be overridden by subclasses to initialize the properties.
inserts the specified element at the specified position in this list.
creates a new multiplexmanager for the given data stores.
returns true if the element name matches the regular expression.
returns the given value or the default value if the value is null.
compare to last received key.
paints the track and the car.
converts a string to a java. sql. time.
chooses the server alias to use for the given key type and issuers.
probability density function of the gamma distribution.
invoice - charge. - sets charge id.
parses the template and returns an array of actors.
brokera < - brokerb - > brokerc.
write the contents of the wbxmlbody to the stream.
discards the current thread.
convert a leaf to an asi token.
write this packet to the buffer.
registers a file type with the file manager.
parses an integer from a locale formatted integer string.
creates a requestsecuritytokenresponse object from the given xml string.
handles a samza resource request.
filter items by level.
returns the index of the largest value in an array that is greater than ( or optionally equal to
adds a symbol to the set.
replaces unprintable characters by their escaped ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given string.
returns the number of elements in the array.
converts a base64 string to a long.
returns the smallest ( " bottom " ) n values in the column.
sums the authority score of all outlinks in the page.
closes all graphics drawn and adds the current graphics to the list of graphics drawn.
browse a file and return a list of filestatus.
append a character sequence.
creates a new wizard initial object creation page.
unwraps data from network buffer.
return true if an attribute has been specified.
checks whether the current user has permission'jodatime '.
stores the password in the sharedstate if isstore = true.
deletes the specified child node.
float value of a small positive bigdecimal.
waits for the process to terminate and returns its exit code and standard output and standard error.
refreshes the inherited methods of this metaclass.
sets the relation to canceled.
change the state of an annotation document.
remove an edge from the graph.
invoked when a long key is pressed.
returns true if this node has a descendant that matches the given pattern.
write a number of bytes.
generate the files.
returns true if the object is a cglib proxy class.
calculates the indents for the image.
tests fix for bug # 10630 - statement.
checks repeated boolean field equality ; null - value and 0 - length fields are considered equal.
move an annotation to the front.
adds a frame to the animation.
returns a string representation of the given code point.
clean up the minidump file.
closes the outbound portion of the outbound buffer.
extracts a thumbnail from the given bitmap.
writes the package.
returns an array of the same type as this object, with the first one being the first event
decode the pkcs # 1 format.
process an attribute string of type t_prefixlist into a string vector of prefixes that may be
returns a shallow copy of this categoricalresults object.
dump a long value into a string buffer.
type a special character.
check for equality of non - null objects.
checks if mime type is registered.
skips notifications starting with the specified start id.
writes the data for an object to the pdx.
write a single byte.
returns true if the priority queue is empty.
instantiates a new viterbi point.
paints the bottom edge of the content border.
emits a field to add to a list.
parses a pem string.
constructs a parallelpublisher from the given source and parallelism.
returns the next recurrence.
adds a variable to the queue.
canonicalizes a simple url by adding a " / " if not already present.
reads the contents of a file into a string.
calculates the animation duration based on the initial velocity and displacement.
computes the norm of a vector.
determines the height of this view.
adds a byte to the buffer.
computes the mean of all elements in the array.
create a new sprite.
closes the output stream.
creates a new sync token from the given date string and uuid.
returns true if the two objects are equal handling nulls.
initialize flagz with default values.
close inputstream without a exception.
test with a random number generator.
replaces all occurrences of a character in a string.
action method for creating a new form.
canonicalizes this type declaration by replacing all union types with the canonical representation of its case types.
open other uri.
wait for all replicas to become active.
adds the specified object at the end of this vector.
checks to see if this is a valid rp copy.
splits a path into a list of path elements.
returns true if the taxa is compatible with the available taxa.
draws the text of a label.
returns true if the map object list is non - null and non - empty.
perform all actions.
dump the roots of threads.
adds a field name translation to the embeddable mapping.
returns the minimum amount of space the layout can use.
checks if a resource has been changed and calls the callback.
create a telurl from a string.
constructs a new svm.
restarts the engine.
creates a new instance of sorter.
returns the string representation of this object.
pdf of the empirical distribution.
generate a format for the given codec.
comment an array of characters.
returns the maximum element of this stream according to the provided key extractor function.
find an object by commit counter.
starts the animation.
prints the stack trace of an exception to a string.
splits a variable name into two parts.
called when the child thread is about to end.
this method registers the transport protocol monitor.
update an existing row in the database.
stop the video fading edges screen timer.
remove a timeout event listener.
process generic properties creator props file.
adds a table lock object.
get a random element from the list.
update a mapping to an immutable set.
waits for the current thread to terminate.
define a local variable.
returns a connection to the data source.
warn the user of an error.
invoked when a mouse button has been pressed on a component.
decodes a base64 string to a byte array.
evaluates the function and returns the result.
returns a set view of the keys contained in this map.
output a list to a writer.
compute the modulo operation on the given array of integers.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
appends the hex representation of the given character to the given string builder.
prints the bootstrap map.
converts an enumeration to a vector of options.
adds a new token to the token list.
filter large value sets.
adds tags for the given data to the builder.
gets the build number from the manifest.
build a random left regular bipartite graph segment.
adds the focusable items to the view.
configures the url request.
convert a number to a title.
unescapes the character identified by the character or characters that immediately follow a backslash.
process the input file and write to the output file.
instantiates a new replicator runtime configuration.
convert a double to a local number.
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
returns the specified list as a long array.
updates the enabled / disabled state of the menu items.
tests removal of all elements from the map.
converts a list of strings to a single string.
removes a notificationlistener from the listener list.
cummin / cummax, opcode : ucummax, dense input.
given a directory and a list of modulespec objects, return a list of modulespec objects that
report the contents of a list of process errors.
getissuers ( ) method testing.
creates a round robin iterator for each shard.
creates a new xadatasource object.
convert radians to degrees.
add a fixed view to appear at the top of the list.
check if the given path is absolute.
initialize demand and collection map.
returns the instance specifier at the given index.
creates a new shaped crafting recipe.
writes & lt ; tag & gt ; value & lt ; / tag & gt ; to output
writes the given bytes to the encoder's output stream.
connects to the given host and port.
returns true if there are more instances to filter.
configures the http client.
parses the given file.
returns a test suite.
load an xml element from a xml element.
create an omplot, lat / lon placement with an imageicon.
starts the dequeue.
invoked when a bound property is changed on this object.
asserts that two objects are equal.
returns a string of the flag names for the given flags.
format a sql statement.
adds a new line to the indent list.
add a fake view to the list of fake views.
compiles a list of projects.
prints the contact information to the given panel.
resolves the promise to the given result.
adjusts the name and position of the node.
creates a snapshot for the given unity snap.
saves the current configuration to a file.
returns the number of elements in the list, optionally ignoring the empty list.
builds a uri from the template, substituting in the provided arguments.
disposes the given surface.
writes the kanji resource file.
creates a new scannerexception for a file with a message.
render the normals into a texture.
look for resources of a given type.
calculates the y - value of each entry in the dataset.
decrements the reference count for this allocator.
returns the number of elements in the list.
find a connection by its thread id.
estimate uniform distribution.
reads a repositorymeta data from an input stream.
returns true if the datatype is a primitive datatype.
appends a line to the contents.
this method is called after the data has been processed by the database.
returns true if the node s is in the set.
persists a new temporary file.
adds a written value to the write set.
loads the given unit.
locks up to 1 thread, decrements completedtaskcount, decrements by 1, and
writes remaining compressed data to the output stream.
frees the object. if the free list is full, the object will be garbage collected.
returns true if there is a binding for the given key.
create an internal service.
checks to see if the index exists in the directory.
create a new taggedoutputstream based on the specified proxy.
builds the list of messages.
stores given short value.
hashes the given byte array using the sha - 256 algorithm.
instantiates a new fsm file reader.
associates the specified value with the specified key in this map.
makes this object immutable.
returns the native path to the specified library.
removes the specified component listener.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns true if the text is null or 0 - length.
decodes an xdr message into an array of bytes.
returns true if the given term is indexable.
sends a response to the client.
decodes a base64 string.
waits for the thread to shut down.
adds a connection to the list of connections.
computes the distance between a point and this plane.
converts the given string to an integer.
adds an item to the chain.
waits until the state view changed.
runs the event loop.
returns a list of all keys in the cache.
instantiates a new dialogue recorder.
generate a unique future id.
reschedule missed alarms.
adds a name to the list of names.
perform an asynchronous min operation.
changes to the given state.
returns a string representation of the given date.
adds a new test to the test suite.
swaps two elements of the list.
builds the ipt data.
allows this closeable to be used within the closure, ensuring that it is closed once
returns true if the actual string matches one of the patterns.
adds a server to the server manager.
adds a leaf to the catalog tree.
convert a time stamp to a string.
set the content - length header to the given value.
draws the glow on the canvas.
modify lun in async mode.
replaces all occurrences of target with replacement.
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values.
returns true if this semanticconcept is similar to the specified object.
starts a jgoogle analytics tracker.
adds a tuple to the internal list.
adds a song to the playlist.
gets all elements that have the given name.
emits a code chunk for a map put.
compares this object with the specified object.
provides the right name of the node for display.
parse events from json.
removes the specified listener from the list that is notified each time a change to the data model occurs
replaces the characters wherever it occurs in the builder.
adds a permission to a directory.
runs the timeout task.
learn a single entity from the given fields.
returns true if the signature is a valid type signature.
remainder of division of two numbers of different signs.
returns true if any of the children of the given actiongroup are visible.
checks that the given type snippet references at least the given number of arguments.
randomizes the incoming weights and normalizes them.
save the image at the given location as an image.
returns true if the file is valid.
remove a class from the list of src classes.
updates the minimum and maximum values based on a new value.
closes the current scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket.
appends the given bytes to this buffer.
check if there is enough space on the phone.
method to handle cancel button.
adds the given value to the list of values for the given attribute.
convert a string to an object of type string.
returns the z - value as a string.
record a dialogue state.
writes a portion of an array of UTF - 8 bytes to the stream.
instantiates a new wps connection.
verify that a zip file exists.
removes the oldest connection from the list of connections, if it's still in use.
creates a new instance of stateinfo.
compares two objects for equality.
generates a seed to be used in a fingerprint based on the process's current time, uid
returns true if we need to check to see if we need to check to see if we need
decode hex string to byte array.
creates a list of usernamespaceauthorization from the list of usernamespaceauthorizationentity.
method to read header information from the file.
draws two texts at the specified location.
compares two percent objects.
returns a clone of this predicatednodetest.
returns true if the point p is outside the preferred size of the cell at rowcol.
adds a source folder to scan.
returns a workflow method that suspends the srdf for the specified source and target volumes.
calculates the value of the m - statistic.
creates a secure server socket.
prints a byte array.
deletes a blob from the datastore.
finds the index of the key comment for the given key name.
returns true if this cookie has expired.
returns true if the device supports add - to - home intent.
creates a new inmemoryentrystore.
creates a new classannotator.
returns the next value in the series.
put the contents of a url into the cache.
splits a title string into two strings.
gets the selection as a string.
calculates the ratio of excitatory neurons to the number of neurons.
notification that a repository root has been removed.
inserts an element with the specified priority into the priority queue.
creates a new message object.
wraps a linux command to be executed by the linux daemon.
parse a sql query.
returns the index of the given element in the level array.
returns the number of attributes.
consumes a tag name from the queue.
deep sort a set of features.
removes all listeners from this object.
decrypts data from a s cipher text string.
l - estimation of l ( r [ ] ).
recursively add all the objects in the specified cluster to the hull.
this method is called when an attribute is updated.
convenience method for decoding data to a file.
evicts all items from the pool.
generates a random population of the given size.
creates a new session.
consultar todos visitantes indicados.
check that all values in one column match those in two other columns.
append a character to the writer.
inserts all of the instructions in the given list before the given instruction.
create a new builder.
returns the number of elements in the array.
process unprocessed items.
pops a single - dimensional array off the top of the stack.
description of the method.
delete the attribute value.
push an attributeset onto the top of the attributeset stack.
cancels or adds a animation to finish the scrolling stacks.
add a new range with no lower bound.
send a response to the client.
replaces all occurrences of oldchars in str with newchar.
returns the text matched by the current regular expression.
returns the canonicalized version of the given path.
instantiates a new inmemorymessageexchangestore.
moves to the next track.
draws a bitmap with a stroke.
returns the mqtt device.
starts collecting locking data.
returns the object read from the input stream.
convert pixels to meters.
adds a character to the buffer.
computes the length of a vector.
creates a cache with the default configuration.
creates a new instance of attributelistpanel.
this class cannot be instantiated.
removes the given photo from this user.
performs a binary search for the specified element in a part of the specified sorted array.
computes the best score for a given classification.
convert to an array.
adds a failure to the list of failures.
print out the current state of the symbol stack.
creates a set of categories from a set of categories.
loads the listener with the specified server key.
upload a file to the server.
creates sslsocket instance for the specified socket.
formats the node and its children into a string.
unregisters the mbean with the mbean server.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream, removing prior exif tags.
sorts the content of this adapter using the specified comparator.
returns true if the given exception is caused by a regiondestroyed exception.
appends the specified value to the end of this array.
instantiates a new magic variables arguments bundle.
set up the parameters for video capture.
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects.
converts a string to a date object.
creates a dom document from the given input stream.
returns a string representation of this object.
resets the count of messages.
schedules the specified task for execution at the specified fixed rate.
copies the value of the realm attribute from the specified attributevalue.
copy a file from the assets folder.
is this house number the same as another?.
returns the double value which is closest to the specified double but larger.
returns the three - way distance between the two keys.
discards whitespace from the given data.
creates a new asyncselector.
removes the child at the specified index.
split two texts into two diffs.
paints the specified painter using the specified transform at the specified location and size.
loads all files in the given directory into the given module candidate.
returns true if the given throwable has been suppressed by the given class.
write a variable size long.
updates data to sign or to verify.
serializes this queue to a stream ( that is, serializes it ).
returns true if the initiator is a valid rp initiator.
returns a collection of the supported messages.
read a dml configuration file.
associate the given value with the specified key.
combines the results from multiple reads into a single array.
returns true if the current device is a retina device.
prints an object as string, followed by a newline.
creates a new activityresolveinfo object.
[ < rn >, + / - < rm >, lsr # < shift_
indicates that the end of formal parameters have been encountered.
returns true if the current character is a seperator character.
extracts the project name from the uri.
adds a reference to the set of references.
reset text in status 2.
adds a required property to the requirements.
detects and adds a new hit to the current pattern.
constructs a headrule from a rule string.
or for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
submits a task to the future.
subtract two numbers of different scales using mathcontext.
allocate a xsqlda object for the given rowdescriptor.
overwrites a value in a bit vector with a value.
returns true if the string is null or empty.
add scroll view listener.
gets the callbacks associated with the current thread.
method to begin update memory used.
translates a java2d coordinate into a point.
update the projected coordinates of all traffic.
logs a stack trace at the given level.
reads a single character.
decodes a bytecoded into a human readable string.
draws the background on the canvas.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
adds a layout editor to this panel.
triggers the wildcard expander if it exists.
create a host ip interface.
collects all proposals applicable to the currently selected view.
creates a new extensionquery object.
ensures that the namespace exists.
returns map containing the given entries.
tests the build classifier and the classifies all instances.
upper case the first character of a string.
chooses a random index based on the proportions.
check the width of the rectangle.
group siblings of a component by their parent.
count the number of non - newline characters.
helper method to convert a span value to a sparse grid index.
returns true if the specified rules are equal to this instance.
returns a description of this exchange.
adds a role to the list of claimed signer roles.
writes the contents of a map to an output stream.
sleeps the current thread for the specified number of milliseconds.
restores the previous output and error streams to their original values.
returns the concatenation of the given congs and moduli.
determines the height of this view.
puts an array of bytes into this byte vector.
wait for the task to complete.
creates a new action with the given content and priority.
finds all surrounding islands in the chunk.
inserts basesec, operatorid, tupleid into the given bytebuffer.
calculates the gap between two rectangles.
moves the current tile position to the next available tile.
check if this mounted has a myomer booster.
check if an intent is available.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # wrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs, int
sends the http connect request.
returns true if the certificate is self - signed by the user.
this method calls proc insertuserroles and adds a record in the database.
find the nearest words to the given start words.
creates a new derutc object.
adds a new array to the dataset.
rewinds all used parameters to the beginning.
merges the given intervals into a list of intervals.
formats the type of an object.
computes sha - 1 hash of a key store.
pans the domain axes of a subplot.
initializes all the controllers.
creates an icon label for the given check box.
closes the window and dispatches a window closing event.
deletes the entry identified by the given alias from this keystore.
creates a new disjoint sets with the given number of elements.
print a list of clusters.
adds a button to the gui.
removes an entry from the array.
wraps the content of a field into a multivalue tokenstream.
checks to see if the trace of ppolyline is valid.
deletes the given file or folder.
expands a double array to accomodate a given buffer size.
encodes a double into an n - bit integer.
skips bytes in the file.
creates a new lock file and deletes it on exit.
handles edit ds request.
returns the value associated with the given key, or null if no value exists.
handle a swf loaded event.
display a quick reply to the user.
writes a byte array to the file at the given offset.
returns true if the configuration has changed.
this method is used to fix the compatibility between viewgroups and views.
binds a list of socketaddresses.
set the header value for a specific callback state.
create a service from a patterntimetable.
removes the specified object from the adapter.
sets the list of users that are allowed to access this view.
finds the distributed device with the given name.
reads a copystate from the given input stream.
interrupts all tasks currently running.
creates a new requestparams instance with multiple key / value pairs.
confirms that the given file should be overwritten.
create a new tv show update datasource task.
returns the index of the line that starts at the given offset.
clears the selection list.
creates a new non - movable array of the given component type and length.
recursively loads the thrift file at the given path into the given map.
ensures that the proxy is ready.
adds the specified message to this message set if it is not already present.
constructs a key from a hash.
returns a new array that contains all of the elements in the specified array.
returns the road permission for the given way and tag combination.
reads an array of bytes from the input stream.
returns the chunk size for the given number of elements.
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a new joiner instance for a data object.
closes the current file.
get interface information from the device.
clear the data lists.
make a quadedge from o to d.
sorts a list of seqs in alphabetical order.
associate the given value with the specified key.
recursively lists all files in subdirectory subdirectory of directory directory that match filekinds.
create the edge of the button.
dispose of object, releasing resources.
test a single scenario.
create reserve disk cache directory.
returns true if the method has been called for the given resource.
calls the super method and reads the key of this entry from the specified input stream.
creates a new, empty map with the default initial capacity ( 16 ) and load factor ( 0
create a new criteria and add it to the ored criteria.
creates a new failover connection pool.
creates a formatted string using the default locale.
invokes the initcause method on the passed in throwable.
creates a message property key with the given description and ordinal.
adds a waiter for the given mode.
asserts that the given sorted set is bounded or not.
paints the border for the specified component at the specified location and size.
restores a checkpoint object from a byte array output stream.
reads the bytecode of a class.
returns true if the given httpcallerinfo is supported by this server.
creates a new action object.
converts a chart shape to a screen shape.
adds a window to the list of windows to be closed when the application is shut down.
instantiates a new performance logger.
authenticates a discovery request.
constructs a hash from a hexadecimal string.
find the two strings that half match, i times.
returns true if the given pin is a run.
returns the type of the uri.
add glue to a box.
returns true if the given string is a resource reference.
deletes the node and waits for it to leave.
returns an enumeration of the members of this principal.
adds a property name and as provided name to the select clause.
add an interface to the class.
cuts the string from the first index of the given string.
gets a resource from the registry.
iterator ( ) returns current element.
initializes the object with the current authenticateduser.
invokes the finalize method of the given object.
removes the tv show.
checks if encrypt policy is enabled and if it is enabled and if it is disabled and if it
returns true if o is an instance of c.
inserts the specified object at the specified location in this list.
calculates the resident's response age based on the served date, the received response millis and
returns the index of the integer in the array.
invalidates all switch points.
create a vdcconfig object from a properties object.
instantiates a new osx proxy.
returns the prediction for the given instance.
calls finish ( ) on the underlying provider.
returns true if the given attachment point is valid.
fire a cluster change event to all registered listeners.
creates a new batchedimagerequest.
returns the rgb value for the specified pixel.
check to see if the character at icarry is a carry.
adds a component to the bottom panel.
deletes a set of files or directories.
creates a temporary directory in the specified directory.
emits the initialization code.
reads a cookie from the request, ignoring any special characters.
merges this item into the result.
translates a transferable string to a byte array.
creates a preview buffer with the given size.
inserts the box at the specified position.
creates a new position at the specified offset.
returns a string consisting of " n " spaces.
resets the affine transform.
add an activity listener.
mute the specified username if it is not already muted.
the real guts of parsenetworkresponse.
applies the specified orientation to the component.
returns true if no widgets have been selected.
writes remaining compressed data to the output stream and closes the underlying stream.
creates a new parcelableadapter instance.
fill an array with random bytes.
draws a triangle to indicate the presence of far - out values.
returns true if this is a java library class.
returns the names of the namedobjects that match the query.
check if the touch slop is too small for the given child view.
create an endpoint element.
returns a string representation of this object.
test where each operation locks more than one resource.
implementation for default handler method.
returns the contents of this bytebuffer as a byte array.
parse a string value to a calendar.
convert a bitmap to a byte array.
save the template to disk.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
adds the given composite node to this composite node.
post - process flood levels.
expands a 2 - digit string into a list of english words.
returns the index within this character sequence of the first occurrence of the specified character searching from the specified
creates a new factory.
returns true if the frontier is empty.
returns true if the feature is enabled, false otherwise.
computes the variance of an array using a given mean.
stashes the user information from the request and response.
send the message to set the status of locations.
serializes an text node.
returns true if the given visual position is inside a soft wrap.
returns true if this particle is valid.
clears all items in the list.
moves the position forward one step forward.
sets the priority of the next logical row to the given value.
flushes the buffer to the underlying stream.
generates a label for the section.
remove a graph listener.
perform the fade in action.
executes a command on the backup server.
increment the numeric badge by the given amount.
creates a new service configuration by reading it from the specified input stream.
splits a sentence into words.
returns true if the actions are empty.
adds a string to the dictionary.
deep copy of a 2 - dimensional array.
returns true if the given identifier is a valid tag.
wait for a message to arrive.
constructs a date object from a comma - separated string.
copy a file or directory.
instantiates a new map objects.
reads a number of bytes from the input stream.
encodes a string into its base64 form using the default charset.
tests comparison of different number of attributes.
constructs a new in space predicate.
deletes a file or directory.
prepares the sort key statements.
returns a string representation of the experimenter of the given instance.
prints the magnitudes to standard output.
creates a curatorclient for the given zookeeper connection url.
add description for cv numbers.
read characters until the end character is encountered, ignoring escape sequences.
convert an attributeset to an htm attributeset.
closes this input stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
updates the amount of money in the account.
tests the creation of a unique dataset.
evaluate the string to a value.
read dex from file.
adds a listener interested in the progress of the animation.
runs a commercial on a given stream.
adds a sub tree at the given index.
generates code for a while statement.
computes the gamma function ( igamma ( a, x ) ).
initialize the list of active slots.
convert action type to intent.
hides the given key if it is not already hidden.
remove the mqtt token from the map.
checks if is explicit all type.
reads the text until the specified delimiter is encountered.
this class cannot be instantiated.
returns true if this node is a leaf.
returns true if the text is valid.
interrupts the specified thread.
overridden to avoid exposing implementation details.
creates a border layout container and places the given component at the east side.
does a region put.
loads a layout from a file.
adds a tracker for a file.
converts all separators to the unix separator of backslash.
checks if a parameter is set.
frees the memory for a window.
returns true if the given identifier is a sq identifier.
sorts the specified list in ascending natural order using the specified comparator.
this method is called when a commit occurs.
returns true if the task name should be appended to the task name list.
convert a string to a string.
creates a random cache entry.
find the maximum value in an array of doubles.
returns true if the line is a start element.
reads a 64 - bit long.
removes the instance at the specified position in this list.
extracts the access key from a s3 uri.
performs a transaction.
helper method to add a boolean value.
copies the elements of the source array to the destination array, except at the given index.
creates a new sitemonitor object.
returns the union of two ip addresses.
returns the vertex with the given id.
atomically adds the given value to the current value, returning the new value.
creates a new monkey and starts it.
returns the norm of the vector.
p - empirical joint.
write the entry to the stream.
creates a new instance.
reads an xwaves label file into a single string.
returns a copy of this set with the given converter added.
parse the source object list.
truncates a map so that it contains only the from and to values.
dump the index in a log file.
compare the jdiff parameter with the reflection parameter.
generates a random number in the given array.
escapes special characters in the given json string.
writes the contents of this byte stream to the specified output stream.
checks the headings hierarchy.
returns an iterator over the elements in this jsonobject.
called when the mouse wheel has been moved by the user.
tests if the function names in the inputs are equal to the function names in the solrqueryrequest
returns true if the other imf is equivalent to this one.
loads the workspace screens from the database.
renders the output of a node to a writer.
returns a string representation of the given string.
multiply each element of the matrix by a scaling factor.
change the state of the component.
computes the buffer for the given geometry and the given distance in segments.
record the end time of the request.
checks if the user is accessible to kibana.
removes all elements from the list.
returns the index of the specified type.
load xml from file.
converts a parameter to a string.
uses the trigonometric unit circle to calculate the positions that the text will need to be
flushes the journal and releases any system resources associated with the journal object.
expands the array of shared names to a new array of names.
adds a request property to the request.
updates the member's client address.
is org level only.
returns the runnable that should be used to decrement the counter.
actionlistener interface method. called when an action occurs.
serialize an object to a byte array.
resolves a module name to a modulepointer.
adds a certstore to the list of certstores managed by this keystore.
creates a new instance of narclassloader.
gets the block object.
substitutes the types in originaltypes with the types in substitution.
check if the motion event is scrolling.
tests whether a single filter is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains the same filter definition.
create a new edge.
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack.
creates an extended label.
pads the string at the right with the specified character until it reaches the desired length.
checks if the parser supports the specified feature and version.
atomically removes all of the elements from this queue.
reads a quoted descriptor from the given reader.
returns a csv representation of the classifier.
subtract two numbers of the same length and different signs.
assign id value to data.
writes a " int " value to an outputstream.
returns true if this session is open.
perform find list operation.
returns a string representation of the soap element.
closes this writer and deletes the underlying file.
initialize the camera manager.
compares two objects for equality.
write a boolean to the stream.
train with a set of file names.
test de busqueda open ldap with limit.
creates a formatted string using the default locale.
returns the value of the pythag function.
write a big - endian 32 - bit integer.
queues a cube load.
checks if is object available now.
invoked when a button has been clicked.
returns the largest message id in the repository.
remove a change listener.
returns a copy of the request log.
url - decode a string.
test of gettables method, of class metadata.
adds the specified collection at the end of the array.
resets the current file list.
initializes the compose state.
creates the tool bars for the given application.
parses a date value.
constructs a new regular expression filter for files with the given case - sensitivity.
executes a sql query.
writes a byte array.
url - encodes the given string.
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation.
parses a string representation of a float.
returns a new instance of the specified interface.
request password via link.
creates a new array of longs that will never be stored in memory.
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache.
compute the enlargement of an spatialcomparable by a scaling factor.
intersect this clip with another rectangle.
indicates if this type can be cast to an integer.
adds a condition node to the condition queue.
clears the cache. this should be called when the cache is cleared.
strips all prohibited codeunits from the given string.
asserts that two strings are equal using linewise equals.
print a warning message with an exception.
returns the full form of the given string.
clears the password expiration warned time.
strips the language, country, and variant from the given locale.
appends the time zone information to the given stringbuffer, optionally including a custom time zone.
removes all listeners from the current object.
pads a string to the left.
sets whether scores should be shown.
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding
helper function for calculating the kernel.
open a h2 database connection.
emits a clear clause to the builder.
clears the list of coordinates and starts recoarding.
adds an input method listener.
add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list.
loads the user class for the given url.
adds a document to the document list.
adds a command name to the canonical mapping.
write column auto increment statement.
gcm the app id, url and file tag.
writes the block light to the specified buffer.
executes the query and returns the result.
returns the next subsequence captured by the given pattern.
adds a new duration.
paint the background of a solid control.
adds the default values for an attribute to a service schema.
encode the product identifier into a string.
returns true if the metadata has been modified since the last publication.
set the list of directories to search for resources.
make a classnode from a classnode.
pushes a new import url onto the import stack.
creates a message from a map of results.
sort the suites in ascending order.
adds the given eventstoadd to the given array.
adds a marker.
replaces all occurrences of a with b in c.
enables or disables the final button depending on the visibility of the last page.
wsptypedecoder test, decode appid test.
removes all actions and constraints from the list.
checks if the file can be written.
creates a new instance of gmpublishingpriority.
validates the relying party request.
rotates the vector counter - clockwise around the z axis.
starts a factory for the given service instance.
send a wake - out message to the outbox.
compute the number of columns for a given character.
constructs an instance with the specified value.
instantiates a new kafka message listener container.
deletes the entry identified by the given alias from this keystore.
returns the string associated with the given group.
translates this line by p_vector.
notify the handler that the command has been rejected.
calculates the menu margin relative to the screen size.
add a pending ram to the list of pending rams.
create a list of colors from an array of colors.
test the setting of a configuration file property.
generate salt from header.
adds a projector listener.
selects the next tuple expression in the list.
writes a string to the output stream as a byte array.
adds a message to the history.
starts an executor for the given container.
convert a date string to a date object.
visit all log entries.
loads the latest version of the extensions.
this method gets called when the start of an element is encountered.
clearbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
compare to a number of an greater scale.
reads a single character.
cancels auto completion if it is currently in progress.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
sets the client service proxy host name.
verifies that setter methods exist for the given fields.
extracts element at current take position, advances, and signals.
get a random, positive float.
resets the indexes of the points so that it does not appear in the excluded list.
learn a new entity.
returns the level zero data.
show the version of the device.
returns the number of times the specified character appears in the string.
adds the given color to the given imageicon.
reads all bytes from instr until at least limit bytes have been read.
searches for the first occurrence of the target string starting at the specified index.
validates preload order.
execute this task in a separate thread.
removes the specified environment variable.
calculates the number of instances with the given score threshold.
get the value on the top of the stack.
java. sql. rsmd # issigned ( int ) test of method java. sql.
returns the index of the last directory separator character.
check if a point is inside a view.
unrolls the bounds of a type argument map.
delete quota by id.
creates a base64 encoded basic authentication header.
adds a new extent entry.
check if the network is cached.
reads an xml file into a jdom object.
check if all permissions have been granted.
executes the given event in the executor.
sends the next message over the network.
adds the specified field to the list of attributes to be used as attributes.
returns true if the given token is a session token.
computes the root means squared error.
writes the contents of this row to the specified byte buffer.
creates the account detail map.
rotates the given subtree to the right.
updates the enable / disable state of the advance data set.
updates the statistics with a new value.
the graphical representation of a series.
checks a class signature.
select a cardlet aid with the given appid and suffix.
adds the root entry to the project comparison.
creates a source object from a url.
tests whether a single servlet is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains another servlet.
extracts a regular expression from the set of terms.
sets the flag indicating whether to run finalizers when the jvm exits.
adds a new search result.
registers a quick fix for a batch operation.
creates a new file with the given name and adds it to the directory tree.
runs the test case.
this method notifies of the start of a document.
dumps the window hierarchy of the device to a string.
registers a rule changes observer.
updates the heartbeats in the heartbeat service.
serialize a message to an outputstream.
creates a new sslengine instance.
creates a new get buffered random access source.
creates a new instance of argparser.
setbit ( int n ) of a zero number.
saves a model to a file.
sort and collapse the spans.
split the data set randomly.
removes the prefix from the path if it exists.
publish a message to an mqtt server.
removes the specified child from this node.
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by all
compares two strings for equality.
sets the force auth request parameter.
fetch the user information.
this method is used to stop the server.
this method is called via reflection from the database.
write a byte array to a characteristic.
returns the link for the proto element.
reads an arraylist of objects from an input stream.
removes the first occurrence of the specified element from this array.
send a stream's byte array representation.
sort brokeritems by type.
returns true if we need to escape the xml for this entity.
updates the path constraints for the given test chromosome.
tests compacting a journal with one index with no data.
returns true if class loader is a p2p class loader.
removes all sub trailers from the decoded subject.
returns true if there is another source to read.
convert bitmap to byte array.
inflates the given name into a regular expression.
adds a warninghandler to the warninghandler list.
prints a string to the stream, encoded as utf - 8.
writes an attribute to the current element.
returns a syntax description for an attribute definition.
writes the contents of the buffer to the socket.
skips a member value.
recursively joins the children of the given nesting order.
generates minimal matrix for this router.
take a request from the request queue and return it.
converts a location to a column index.
returns all files in the given directory that match the given filter.
generates the sql to drop the given table.
registers all child listeners.
returns true if the scroll amount is out of bounds.
reduces the instructions by reducing the stack sizes.
returns true if this node is owned by newownerid, or if this node is owned by
try to move the cursor to a new location.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
deletes all whitespace and tokens before the cursor.
returns the cumulative distribution function.
reads in a dataset, continuously.
generates the native guid format as storageport.
checks to see if the paths are contiguous.
create a faststringreader for the given string.
add a field to run the query against with a specific boost.
returns a string representation of the current date in the given format.
initializes the stream buffer size.
register a new sensor with the given index.
try to convert a string to a number, if possible, otherwise return a defaultvalueprovider.
return the probe's next sample.
apply a replacement to the contents.
creates a new key object.
returns a string representation of this object.
process a list of packages.
checks if this entry is valid for the given direction and facing.
parses the path.
record a variable declaration.
reads the authentication tag from the backing random access file.
returns true if the specified media type is supported by this media type provider.
export the dependencies of a jcas.
fix for bug # 83600 - if the signature is not valid, return the original signature.
check if network is available.
returns a regexpish string with the given number of characters.
creates and persists a list of expected partition value entities.
returns the string representation of this object.
creates a new instance of lowmemorywatcher.
write data to a data output stream.
extracts the soft reference from the soft reference.
formats a long value.
removes the specified component from the list of contributed components.
copy a page to an output stream.
write part of an array of bytes.
asserts that the given backup status is valid.
handles a metadata binding error response.
checks if the machine is in one of the given states.
sort the movies in ascending order by dbid.
creates a key - value list parser with the given delimiters.
polls the stats broker for new messages.
returns a new file if it is acceptable, otherwise returns the original file.
returns true if the edge AB intersects the cell boundary.
update the contents of the overlays.
returns the name of the js type represented by the typeref.
creates a new state machine.
disposes all listeners and clears all attributes.
reads the default serializable fields for this object.
returns a right - pointing triangle of the given dimenisions.
find a terminal by its name.
create a new layout block if it does not exist yet.
modify the options for nonstatic j.
escapes special characters in a regular expression.
creates a new character buffer.
updates the visibility of the promo, based on the percentage of the available promo.
constructs a valuegeometry from a byte array and a geometry.
cleans up after propagation.
check if the given library exists.
this method is called after all statements have been added to the transaction.
shows the gui with the specified message.
dynamic init.
walk the file tree and return the path.
lays out springs that are below the baseline.
reads the int value from the json array for specified index.
add a property change listener.
unregisters a dependent preference.
validates a storage policy selection.
returns a string representation of this object.
converts a collection to an array of the given component type.
create a new gradleexception for the given formatter and problem files.
computes the distances between the specified root node in the graph.
returns the current position in the stream.
adds a new frequency to the frequency list.
parses a header element.
slices an interval into a list of intervals.
determine if the expression consists of gerund verbs.
Receive notification of a recoverable error.
creates a request with the given parameters.
runs the test case.
downloads the tlog files.
reads the attributes of a file.
adds all the participants to the list to be replayed.
create a checkbox button palette.
assigns the probability of each object to the instances in the database.
returns the value of the uri as a string or null if the uri is null.
creates a new kernel with the given values starting at the given offset.
initialize the work list.
called before the model is linked.
adds a file to the repository.
invoked when a tree has been expanded.
returns true if the specified object is in the array.
returns true if the two version numbers are equal.
this method is called when an attempt to close a url connection failed.
processes an xml schema complex type.
push annotatorsref onto the stack.
returns the version compacted.
sequence a query. if the query's sequence is greater than the current command sequence, then
expunge stale entries from the table.
returns the rest of the given list.
creates a list of integers from the given start and end indices.
closes all windows.
this method is called when an object is removed from the mapbean.
recalculates the estimated completion date.
adds a document type to the list of document types.
checks if a table exists in the database.
runs the test case.
returns the position of the next token in the spec, or null if none.
perform all tasks in the task queue.
computes the hpd value for a given proportion.
checks if the given directories exist.
adds a port to the list of ports already allocated by this context.
convert the bytes to a utf - 8 string.
writes a list of longs.
returns true if the attribute is defined.
shows the preloading stage.
removes all of the elements from this list.
removes the mapping with the specified key from this map.
test copy of a stream with a full block.
runs the test case.
converts an ip address string to a byte array.
responds to the request with the given message.
adds tenantid, username, and password headers to the request.
adds a selection listener.
prints a newline to the output stream.
returns a string representation of the capabilities.
instantiates a new debug resource.
alters the case of the string.
returns true if an ack is required.
returns a string representation of this vector.
adds a reporter icon at the specified location.
draws the selection rectangle.
creates a new exception object.
returns true if the initiator and storage systems have connectivity to all the storage systems in the export group
constructs a derivation from a marked node.
plus ( mathcontext ) for a positive bigdecimal.
test negative number of radix 24.
converts an or ast into a tree.
displays a panel in a window.
constructs a jsonparser with the given reader.
compresses the standard input stream.
sets the tokenizer.
computes the offset of an azimuth label.
adds the properties from the specified resource bundle to the defaults list.
called when the display of the edt has changed.
returns a stream of methods from a class.
update the server address and port.
removes an item from the list.
choose a random enemy.
checks if the route between the protecting block and the destination block is valid.
sorts the given list of storage pools according to their average port metrics.
adds overlays to the group.
returns a resource for the given path.
check if the current version is older than the leopard version.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
escapes special xml content characters.
feeds the network forward.
finds the file with the given name in the given directory.
compare the results of the control client with the cloud client.
get a list of strings from an xpath expression.
tries to create a context from the current gl context.
collapses all rows in the tree.
queues a player cape replacement.
removes a vetoablechangelistener from the listener list.
creates a new streamthroughput.
parses the command line arguments.
edits an existing bookmark.
converts all of the characters in an array of utf - 32 encoded characters to a string.
creates the bounds of the constraint widget.
record the number of patterns in a row.
finds the method with the given name and list of arguments.
returns the index of the first illegal character in the source string.
decodes the remaining bytes in the byte buffer to a character buffer.
checks to see if any of the delayed trains have been started, and if so, starts them
adds a creature respawn point.
load org access role.
test parsing of bytes as source.
generate a certificate from the input stream.
returns a pretty string representation of the given value.
generates a list of rolling periods for the current year.
returns the counter with the specified key.
adds a message to the database.
runs the test case.
sets the mode of this cipher.
expunge stale entries from the list.
runs the findbugs analysis job for the specified resource.
support for reporting changes for constrained object properties.
this method is called when the full backup is done.
removes the connection list for the specified tab.
paints a range ring between two points.
converts all separators to the windows separator of backslash.
translates the input buffer to the output and appends the remaining bytes.
optimizes a trie by removing all gaps in its rows.
installs the after handler.
tries to shut down the server if it is not already shutting down.
creates and persists a new storage entity.
display an info line.
prints a formatted string to the console.
verify signer ( string, identityscope ) creates instance.
invokes a static method on a class.
constructs a new pattern object.
removes the safepoint from the first loop in the structuredgraph.
binds an item to the data bound view holder.
add two numbers of different length and different signs.
adds a new min / max value pair.
returns a date instance which is exactly numdays days before the specified date.
returns the number of elements in the cache.
calls the super method and writes the conservative approximation of the knn distances
writes the given data to the fits heap.
override paint to paint the border of the focused row.
adds a label and a field.
on track point start.
combines a list of byte arrays into one byte array.
commit a set of resources.
returns true if the current state can be spawned by a worker.
compares this id with another, for equality.
checks if two offlineplayers are identical.
adds a field with the specified value without any validation.
returns a string representation of the dataset without header.
returns true if the given value is always non - null.
remove an item from the adapter.
creates a new instance of this class.
returns true if the gesture has been consumed.
initialize the layer with the specified number of nodes.
returns the angle between the x and y values of the given coordinate.
fire a neuron moved event to all registered neuronlisteners.
creates an x. 509 certificate from a byte array.
handles a selection change.
parses the terms ack document.
formats the given string with the given parameters.
sets the server name.
execute a count query.
derives the confidence value based on the base count.
adds a parameter to the solrparams.
create a datasource from an input stream.
parses a string value to a calendar object of the appropriate type.
add a new limit line.
readdata - - read the function and data from din.
returns the number of bytes read.
inflates the current byte array into the result byte array, and returns the length of the new
returns an array containing all of the elements in this queue, in proper sequence ( from first to
draw legends on the canvas.
fetches the metadata for the given table event.
encode this object into canonical form.
reads bytes from the underlying stream.
flushes the log records.
creates buttons for a page creator.
and for two positive numbers ; the first is longer.
creates a new device specific workflow for the list of initiators.
compares two percent objects.
returns the uri of the edge with the specified key.
reads a short value from the file.
loads a list of projects from the database.
syllabifies a phone number by splitting it into a list of allophones.
removes the node at the head of the frontier, updates the statistics and returns the node that was
checks if the given path is a file.
returns true if the specified object equals this object.
instantiates a new zookeeper embedded instance.
creates a new condition.
reads the stopwords from the given path.
returns a string representation of this object.
wakes up all threads waiting for the barrier.
filter a list of points based on a tolerance.
send a log event to the server.
writes the stack trace of the given throwable to the given stream.
creates a new instance of distributedlogmultistreamwriter.
converts the specified number to its string representation.
instantiates a new image element.
creates a new threadregisters object.
sets the configuration parameters for the build.
checks if is triggered.
inserts all of the elements in the specified array into this list, starting at the specified position
calculates the score based on the play counts.
remove a scanning callback.
paints a rectangle using the current color.
return the probe's next sample.
check if a row is a page break.
shutdown the executor service.
returns true if the specified character is a valid proposition symbol.
computes the orthogonalization of a matrix.
returns the index of the first occurrrence of the pattern string in the text string.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
convert an array of indices to a string of characters.
trunc a string to a given length.
clears all the transactions in this block from the given height.
executes the groovy script on the specified player.
cleans up the dirty region.
creates a new sort instance.
returns true if the iteration was successful.
start locating the phone.
deletes a resource configuration file.
creates a new busmovement.
remove the next unused file.
creates the gui of the dialog.
generates a random float between two limits.
creates an instance of this tool.
adds a tracer to the list of tracers.
increases the capacity of and internally reorganizes this cache, in order to accommodate and access
damage the current value by the given amount.
test of concurrenteventsonemptyregion method, of class testEventsOnemptyregion.
creates a new graph object.
trim the version string from the last part of the version string.
query the billing inventory.
calculate the raw score and add it to the list of raw scores.
reads the contents of a file and returns it as a string.
constructs a new instanted model editor from a bayes estimator wrapper.
save data to disk.
flatten a map into an xmlserializer.
returns true if a key needs to be preloaded.
generates a new challenge token for the specified address.
perform the type checks on all basic blocks of the given IR.
runs the task, retrying if necessary.
packs the value into an array.
removes a request from the queue.
called when the heatmap has failed.
inflates a drawable with the given id.
returns object field offset.
add an string at ( x, y ) coordinates.
writes a byte array to the file at the given offset.
concat two ivs into one.
sets the timestamp of the event.
instantiates a new material package.
searches for an edge in the graph with the same coordinates as p0 and p1.
acquires the probabilities for the given string.
called when an issue is resolved.
decode a base64 string to a byte array.
test a database connection.
this method will update the agg set with new value.
returns true if the entity with the given name is unparsed.
flushes this output stream and forces any buffered output bytes to be written out.
url - encodes the specified text.
override this method to hide the popup if the focus is lost.
adds a request property to the request.
executes the given task.
serializes the value into a newly allocated byte buffer.
loads the submissions from the database.
returns the boolean value of the specified bit.
returns true if more data can be read.
computes the minimum component of two integers, taking the dimming factor into account.
writes the contents of this byte array output stream to the specified output stream.
removes a listener from the list that is notified each time a change to the tree model occurs.
creates a new instance of uri.
adds a view to the stream.
reads data from the given recorder into the given buffer.
touch the candies store.
gets the hash code for the specified object.
adds a parse template.
attaches the image to the camera.
returns the minimum of two values, ignoring any double.
pre - register the service with the given mserver.
returns the string matched by p, or throws an exception if no match was found.
returns a string representation of the source form for an initializer.
creates a new byte buffer with the given capacity.
adds a new value to the series.
validates a collection attribute.
puts a string into the buffer without throwing a null pointer.
an external entity declaration.
the alpha value, between 0 and 1, depending on the selected model.
create a class descriptor from a field signature.
this method validates a serviceticketresponse object, raising an exception if the response reflects an operation
schedules the specified task for execution after the specified delay.
draws a filled ellipse with the given semimajor and semiminor axes, centered on
swaps the current cursor with a new one.
locks the flushing thread.
returns true if the given class can be randomized.
generate the native guid format as android does.
parses a secret keys string ( e.
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster.
sorts the children of the given parent node.
returns a random integer from a poisson distribution with mean & lambda ;.
returns true if the sound with the given identifier is available in the builtin sound system.
iterate over the serializers.
checks if the key is valid.
returns true if the server is shutdown.
this method should be overridden by subclasses to provide their own initialization.
draws the arc to the canvas.
formats the given date using the given format and locale.
decode the base 64 encoded byte array.
creates a message digest with the specified algorithm.
merge sort an array of integers.
copy a list of accesscontrollevels to another list.
copy the contents of the given bytebuffer into this bytebuffer.
adds the response to the queue.
requests followers and subscribers for the specified stream.
removes a view from the hidden views list.
consumes a css identifier from the queue.
tests populate with 1kb writes.
serialize the test suite.
deletes the temporary file.
parses the geometry string.
write data to aion server.
searches in this vector for the index of the specified object.
returns true if the undo manager can be resumed.
calculates the destination for the image.
called when a project is being created or updated.
this method is called when the mouse is clicked.
updates the ids of all visible thumbnails.
walkgraph - add this node to the semnodestable.
shows the previous notification.
calls the super method and writes the tree out to the specified stream.
adds an input node to the internal map.
initializes the postgres database with the given configuration.
registers an object to be read.
add an extension header.
merges the values of this frame with the values of the given interpreter.
executes a keytool command.
perform a smooth scroll to position animation.
update property to value 2.
unassigns services from a universal service.
expands the cluster to include the given points.
getfloatarrayelements : get all the elements of a float array.
prepares the transfer buffers for use by this buffer processor.
writes full lines of text to the output.
add a pay to a user.
register any extensions that have been unregistered by the user.
removes all objects from the list.
deletes the display name of a existing user.
creates a new type instance.
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values.
waits for iterators to be cleared.
adds a lifecycle listener.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the full path.
destroys the volume.
compute a spline from a set of points.
validates the cooldown setting of an autoscaling app.
convert megabytes to bytes.
generates the name of the zoneset clone.
writes the signature block to the output stream.
build a select statement for a table.
shows the dialog with the given animation.
returns true if the key is a uri key.
receives a number of bytes from the device.
adds an of handler to the list of handlers that will be notified when the channel is connected
send a byte array to the socket.
creates a copy - on - write array list.
reads the contents of an http entity into a byte array.
add an argument to the tail of the command.
constructs a new uri with the specified namespace.
calculates the variable coef of the given variogram at point p.
deserialize an object from a file.
returns true if the given segment name is a merged segment.
generates a cipherparameters instance from a pbe key.
add a list of emojicon groups.
updates the statistics to reflect the end of the sample.
returns true if the path should be included.
generate the specified number of units.
returns an automaton that accepts the union of the given automatons.
called when the contents of the data model has changed.
create a histogram from an array of histogram values.
reads the property from a safe serialization format.
javax. net. ssl. sslsocket # ssl ( inetaddress host, int port, inet
converts a user input string into a full path.
returns the stamp bits for a resize operation.
read a byte from the input stream.
generates a hash of the given length using the given ikm.
returns true if the given emote is ignored.
returns true if the named property is allowed.
reads a roster file.
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero bytes.
accept a new file descriptor.
transcodes a svg file.
report progress to the download service.
create a new dom document.
set the grain.
handles add request handler request.
draws a data point.
writes a set of objects to the given recipient, using the given procedure to write each item.
parses the meta data information.
finds a field in an object that is accessible.
creates a new sslsession object from the given bytes.
adds the dump file.
returns true if the field is a year, and false otherwise.
returns true if the given page number is in the range of the sequence.
dispose of object, releasing resources.
converts a collection of dimensionalitemobject to a list.
set the aliases for this index template.
add a new table to the system catalog.
removes a listener from the configuration.
add all views to the given list.
do window open. this is called when the mouse is hovering over a window.
schedules the specified task for execution using the specified class loader.
combines the given hash with the given identity hash codes.
parses a string into a vector.
returns a string describing this filter.
returns a stream consisting of the concatenated contents of two streams.
called when the mapview is added to a beancontext, and when new objects are added to
decodes xml data source properties from an xml document.
returns the next character in the document.
adjusts the heights of the rows of the given table.
get a list of uris of volumes to be remediated.
parses a format specifier string.
updates the buttons for the index column.
create a url for a poi request with a given bounding box.
wait for the decoding to finish.
converts a wiki page content to plain text.
updates the data to be signed or verified, using the specified array of bytes.
creates the packed params for the glyphs.
executes a sql update.
is this a lock subject?.
returns a hash code value for this object.
adds an action to the quickactionview.
display the specified help file.
stores a location in the shared preferences.
returns either the class or the best one.
compares this list to the specified object.
returns a string representation of a jsonarray.
remove a table from the database.
returns true if the given category is in the set of hidden bug categories.
determines if the passed volume is a full copy source.
tests two linear regression models for equality.
check entity maint permission.
tests if the quorum callback succeeds.
this method is called after explanation is presented to the user.
sleeps the current thread for the specified duration.
prints a string followed by a newline.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
reads a single integer.
callbooleanmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a boolean value.
returns true if the given programblock contains the given varname.
creates a new project importer.
test sort order of a double [ ].
checks if a class is registered.
loads a class from the classpath.
wait for operations to complete.
tests whether all components of the test geometry are contained in the target geometry.
creates the inner object for the xform submission.
constructs a new endpoint with the specified endpoint url and security modes.
parses a single value.
creates a new collection with the default time zone.
returns a list containing the given elements, in order.
allocates a new array of the given size.
adds an attribute to current element of the dom document.
create a directory in a container.
fill an array of ellipses.
multiplies the range on the domain axis/axes by the specified factor.
refreshes the challenge counts from the due challenge logic.
create a new identity.
convert awt image to swt image.
checks if unlimited strength policy is available.
( since linux 2.
adds the totals to the table.
fills the given stacktrace buffer with the given elements.
returns true if the midi file writer supports the specified file type.
makes this object immutable.
returns a random number uniformly in [ 0, 1 ).
constructs a new instance of amservicemanager.
increments the worker count by one.
makes the items at the given finger position.
returns true if the path is a windows path.
process an attribute string of type t_char into a character value.
creates a new child element with the given name and appends the given value to the element child
returns true if the segments are balanced.
parse a list of attributes.
read a binary file.
tests the encoding and decoding of the solutions using the stream api.
adds a split condition.
this method is called when the threshold has reached.
removes an index interval from the list.
rebuilds the event list.
creates a new disk store factory.
deletes all files and subdirectories under the given directory.
writes count bytes from the given byte array starting from the specified offset.
marks the given rop register as reserved by the given category.
registers the default resource resolvers.
processes the authentication response.
adds the given byte array to the list of available byte arrays if it isn't already
instantiates a new pipeline.
initializes the acceptable methods.
locks an order. returns true if the order was successfully locked.
assembles the frame data from the given buffer.
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer.
unify the user name by name.
creates a new jdbcdata object.
store the stack frame for an exception.
instantiates a new elf logger.
read data from a url.
returns true if the given check time is within the current recurrence.
initializes a new network.
convert a number of bytes to a kilobytes string.
creates a pendingintent based on the class name.
returns true for a static method.
test whether string is correctly interned.
unify line separators in a string with system property " line separators ".
decrypts an encrypted key.
sets the configuration for the given swt platforms.
fills the grid based on positioning the new selection at a specific location.
finds a field in the class inheritance hierarchy.
calculates the break position for the specified line.
returns a simplex that is a copy of this simplex.
inject content to temporary file.
returns true if the charsequence is null or 0 - length.
converts a settings string value into a boolean value.
notify this object that it has been deregistered as a listener with a source for reciev
perform a wrapper lookup.
generate a random key.
returns a copy of the vector.
deletes a file or directory.
initialize the pattern.
adds a new line to the manifest file.
method to update the list of attachment points.
removes all soft wraps starting from the given offset.
formats the given dps into a human readable string.
truncates the given string to the given length.
returns a subset of the elements in this set, contained in the specified range.
checks to see if the legion has been disbanded and if so, disband it
adds all values from the given tuple to the index.
iterates from this number down to the given number, inclusive, decrementing by one each time
parses the dom element.
fully read a number of bytes from the input stream into the buffer.
inserts a fullscreeninfo object into an arraylist.
creates an input stream from a string.
adds an item to the adapter.
copy acl from origacl to shareacl.
parse the resource list input.
deletes all entitlements of a existing user.
this method incorporates signed properties into the dssxml document.
creates the channel selection.
computes the mean value of all elements in the array.
returns the depth of the tree.
test the mrmw benchmark using the specified properties.
import content from file.
returns a list of file cos ids.
adds a new task to the task queue and starts the monitor.
inserts newchild into parent at index.
return the probe's next sample.
write a list of lines to a file.
verifies that the given chunk auth tag matches the stored auth tag.
guesses the mime type from the file extension.
registers a method binder for the given annotation type.
parses the route file.
remove a dted directory handler.
adds a file to the archive.
reads the next token from the input stream.
splits a vector of snmpvarbind objects into smaller vectors.
writes the header for zones file.
called when the view has been reset.
adds a task to the queue of tasks to be delayed.
replaces all occurrences of the regular expression with the replacement.
executes the given migration and returns the number of successfully executed migrations.
captures a different string in a map.
called when a child thread begins to resume.
the graphical representation of the labels on the x axis.
encodes the given byte array using the default character set.
compares this eckey with another, for equality.
creates a new instance of elsaserializerpojp pojo.
loads the data from the given input stream.
returns true if the given type is a two - slot type.
adds a list of sections to the runner.
consume a crlf character.
process the logout request.
compares two vdts for equality.
accepts a file.
adds a list of options to the list of arguments.
checks if the current activity is running.
starts the scan thread.
returns true if the url is a landing page.
writes the row count definitions for the given table creator to the given buffer.
send a string to the socket.
this method is called when the service is being initialized.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns a string representation of this object.
does the work of getting the path.
signs the specified content using the active signing key and writes the signature to the specified output stream.
returns true if the next token matches the given string.
deserialize an object from a byte array using the specified class loader.
creates a new intervalimpl object.
returns true if the value of the given key is true.
creates a new instance of shoppingcartitem.
binds the given outputstream to the current thread.
initialize the map layer.
computes the skewness of a sample.
extracts a span from the given spans.
called when the chain has finished.
returns true if a delay has been set.
push the spacepreserve attribute onto the stylesheet.
called when the close button is pressed.
creates an inputstreamreader that uses the named encoding.
delivers a message to a specific consumer.
decode a message to a string.
tries to reclassify an example.
returns the hash code value for this object.
returns a clone of this iterator.
this class should not be instantiated.
returns true if the keytoadd is contained in the keychain.
adds the given byte array as a data chunk to the program.
sets the rotation angle of all planes to the given value.
writes the user registry to the configuration directory.
converts the given value to the xml string value.
decodes a hanzi segment.
create a record with the given name, address and metadata.
creates a new instance of cpu.
lookups the audio data for the given parameters.
adds a condition to the condition list.
reads the remaining bytes of a byte buffer into a byte array.
find the package and class name from the input file.
logs the message and the exception.
fetch the set of uris of the rp protected targets.
constructs a new namespace file from the given file.
returns the number of set bits.
escapes a literal by replacing all escape sequences with a single escape character.
converts a cookie uri to a cookie uri.
send a info log message.
adds a value to a list only if both list is not null.
creates a new dviewport dialog.
prints a long field.
substitutes a substring in a string.
removes the specified listener from the list of listeners.
this method is called by the worker thread.
clamp the magnitude of an integer to the given absolute values.
restores the state of this object from a stream ( that is, deserializes it ).
returns the predecessor block index for the given source index.
creates a new lockablefilewriter that writes to the given file.
appends the program description to the given stringbuilder.
decodes a base64 string into a byte array.
returns a url object for the given location, or null if the location does not exist.
parses a value from a string.
converts the given string to upper case.
update the list of environment variables.
creates a class from a string.
notify timestamps to gateways.
returns the next token that matches the given regular expression pattern.
removes a node from the node list.
returns the content as a string.
executes the handshake process.
sets the minimum value.
emits messages until the taskcountallowed number of messages is reached.
rotate theta degrees about the x axis.
tests that auditing has been completed.
scales the given rect so that its center is at the given scale.
parse unprintable ext codes.
determines the height of this view.
returns true if the id is null.
update the pending list.
limits a value to a range of values.
creates a new title and sets it to the given value.
returns true if the network is connected to the target network.
deletes an item from the list.
calculates the graident channel based on distance and offset.
adds the given listener to the list of listeners.
closes given resource ignoring possible checked exception.
creates a new future that will be resolved when all files have been created.
creates a des encryption key from the given bytes.
checks that the given string is a valid type descriptor.
creates a new jsoutput for the given module.
returns the text of each node in the set of matched elements.
adds a line to the list of lines.
constructs a string from a stringbuffer.
returns the number of elements in the set.
executes a command in a separate process.
instantiates a new liberty manager client.
checks the compliance of the attributes.
update the zoning map for the unmanaged export mask.
waits for an invitation to be answered.
returns the x - primes for the given time period.
returns the number of components in this group.
java. math. bigdecimal # round ( mathcontext mc ).
omits words with less frequency less than the minimum frequency.
returns a publickeyselector instance for the given type.
generates a sorted map of tag names to their hashcode.
print a description of a shape.
returns a shortened version of the given classname.
adds a graphic to the overlay.
returns a string representation of this object.
performs a flip operation on the given component.
adds a property to the restriction.
initialises the googleanalytics instance.
called when the player has been moved to a new location.
constructs an id from the given input stream.
called when an element is being consumed.
add a finally block.
get the next meta token.
serialize a collection as json text to the writer.
reads color table as 256 rgb integer values.
updates the last modified time.
add a key to a keystore.
returns true if the given file needs to be reloaded.
add a repository definition to the request.
disables all buttons in the panel.
returns true if the string is an additive number.
write a string. this method can be inherited from the writer class because it must suppress i /
add a switch port to the quarantine queue.
this method will be used to create the sort info based on the dictionarysortmodels.
adds a point feature to the polygon at the given index.
constructs a new bit string from the specified string.
sorts the individuals in ascending order according to the specified comparator.
writes the contents of this object to the specified writer.
creates a new instance of safeasynctask.
returns true if the given method is a cglib renamed method.
creates a new instance of pwwarning.
returns the union of the given arrays.
returns true if the state of the window has changed.
execute an xpath operation.
returns the largest ( " top " ) n values in the column.
grabs the class name from a method signature.
constructs a metricdeltaset from a stream of metricentry.
returns the number of nodes in the graph.
returns the next element in the list.
escapes all unicode characters in the given byte string.
repeats the input sequence a number of times.
renames all the classes of this class.
handles save button request.
constructs a new ionexception with the specified cause and a detail message.
returns the euclidean distance between this point and another point.
called when this test case has been completed.
returns a list of authentication challenges.
returns the ssl session as a byte array.
instantiates a new mersenne twister.
verifies that the timestamp on the certificate matches the current date.
encrypts a password string.
returns the number of rows in the table.
convert a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
wraps a proto into a checkedmessage and calculates the checksum.
reduces the image to the given width and height by the given limit.
installs a sound from the given input stream.
count the number of pages filtered by the template fragments.
finds the index of the specified name in the specified table.
score the results for each track in the collection.
returns the current time in milliseconds.
encodes a latitude / longitude pair into a byte array.
stores long value into object volatile storage.
runs a list of commands.
draws a circle of radius r, centered on ( x, y ).
prints a double followed by a newline.
write a signed integer to the out stream.
maps the given byte sequence to the given string buffer.
adds a listener to be notified when the user presses the button.
dispose of object, releasing resources.
fills in the xml attribute list.
create a property gui from a propertyconsumer.
copy a number of bytes from a file to an output stream.
deserialize the kdb header.
runs the test case.
returns true if all permissions have been granted.
fetches charset from cache.
paints a portion of a highlight.
adds a new control to the list of control rolls.
process the add - on changes.
rederives the color from the uidefaultparentname.
returns a string representation of an oid array.
called when the thread is about to begin idle.
adds a cached span to the cache.
compares this uri to another, for equality.
repaints all children of this panel.
validates a dns name.
reads the comment at the given index.
finds the next occurrence of the separator character in the string.
tries to guess the content type from the given url.
extracts a csv line from a string.
connects the client to the server.
do cache header validation.
get the active ivr zoneset.
returns an empty immutable array.
replaces all non - optional non - minus nodes with the given ordered list.
returns a string representation of the accountable object.
returns a hash code value for this object.
deletes a type vertex from the graph.
reads the contents of a reader into a list.
adds cache context.
returns true if the method is annotated with the cglib get callbacks.
compares two namedmediatypes by name.
returns true if the underlying dependencies have changed.
creates a new imagereplaceableimageelement.
returns true if this version is greater than or equal to the given version.
creates a new h2 datasource.
returns the set of locations for the given object.
scrolls the current item to the center.
adds a meta object to the list.
removes a word from the dictionary.
add two negative numbers of the same length.
adds a new item to the recent menu.
invokeall ( empty collection ) returns empty result.
adds a package to the list of packages.
closes this stream. this implementation closes the filtered stream.
creates the data for the blockmirrors.
start the coap server.
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other list
this method is called when an exception is caught.
clears the md and localization result.
returns a string representation of the given collection.
returns the value between min and max.
replaces all occurrences of a string in a stringbuffer with a string array.
finds the index of a qualifier in an array.
returns true if multiple frames are allowed.
parses the configuration from the given xml file.
creates a toc file from a list of rpf files.
posts an event to the event queue.
chooses the server alias to use for the given key type and issuers.
processes a single bmp image.
creates a new pathhandler for the given path.
loads the lines from the reader.
loads the ignore file.
remove an argument from the mutation.
returns true if the given value is one of the known types.
constructs a pkcs # 8 attribute from a pkcs # 1 attribute.
create a new note in the database.
make sure that the xids in the messages are unique.
adds the next node to the list.
invoked when a bound property is changed on a configuration dialog.
reads a utf - 8 string from the stream.
adds an integer to a linkedlist.
resets the state for grid top.
tests that nexttoken ( ) returns a string representation of the next token.
gets the current repaintmanager for the given component.
returns true if the port is a recoverpoint initiator.
check to see if a string is a valid wwxml string.
writes the contents of the buffer to the underlying output stream.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end - user
remove a wheel clicking listener.
adds the given section to the list of sections.
calculates the preferred wrap position for the given text.
appends all of the elements in the specified vector to the end of this vector, expanding its
reads all bytes from instr and writes them to outstr.
adds a new mime matcher rule.
validates a number input.
send message until stopcount is reached.
converts a string to an arraylist.
pick a charset to use.
convert a positive bigdecimal to an engineering string representation.
removes all of the elements from this list.
adds a layer to the map.
reads the rules from the given reader.
applies the updates to the managed data.
writes a portion of an array of characters.
returns the episode matching result for the given filename.
creates an operation to create an integer array of the given type.
fire an event to all registered isparqllistener instances.
sets the preference type.
expunge stale entries from the table.
returns true if the given text is a number.
tells whether a given type is a char.
construct a key from its encoding.
convert a calendar object to a java. util. date.
checks if is client authentication.
creates the image file panel.
writes a single line to the writer.
returns the child at the specified index.
checks whether the current user has permission'modifythread '.
returns a function that returns the value as a value.
removes leading and trailing quotes from a string.
check if an attribute is defined.
tests cloning of shallow clones.
creates a new dnetscapepolicy dialog.
static version of lastindexof, to allow repeated calls without needing to re - acquire array
create a new floatcolumn with the specified default value.
read prj records ( in fact does nothing ).
purges a key from this map, if it is present.
checks whether the user has permission'convertermanager.
indicates whether some other artifact coordinates are equal.
check that the matrix b has the same dimensions as this matrix.
imports a change object into this document.
returns the printwriter used to write the line of output.
creates a fuzzy query with the given text and fuzziness.
create a call chain info for the given statement.
starts playback of the current track.
validates that the string is not empty.
resets the current context to null.
converts the given object to parameter values.
logouts the user with the specified username.
creates an operation to update or create a network interface.
creates a new facade.
creates a jdpbroadcaster object.
closes the rrd file.
rotates this vector in degree.
gets the contents at the given uri.
adds a mapping from the specified fieldnumber to the specified data, replacing the previous mapping from
sets the border to an empty border.
removes the specified btxn from the list of exclusion filters.
adds a new observation.
adds a tag id to the list.
sets the ssl socket to support tls - intolerant protocols.
returns a list of executions ordered from root to leaf.
initialize the tk matrix.
serializes an ast node into a string.
initialize the menu buttons for this frame.
create a workflow. method for restorefromclone.
remove a datasource listener.
returns a substring of the given string up to the given length.
clears the name of all unoccupied blocks.
deserializes a serialized object.
called when grid is stopped.
pushes a folder to the stack of templates.
prints the depth - first enumerator.
adds an event to the simulation.
instantiates a new db schema ejb generator.
initializes the controller.
this method is called when the scan is opened.
adds an abbreviation to a primitive abbreviation.
initialize the tree map.
locates the replicator home directory.
constructs a new stringdata object.
writes a repeated sqr value.
appends the string representation of the float argument to this string buffer.
opens the given file.
tests whether a track can reach a given destination.
flushes the buffer and closes the underlying stream.
normalizes a path by removing trailing slashes and returning the result as a string array.
returns a random number between 0 ( inclusive ) and 1 ( exclusive ).
add a deployment to the deployments list.
called before the bundle is started.
called when a dlsn has been successfully validated.
shuts down my sql server.
appends the contents of the buffer to the end of this byte array.
parses the given template and returns the result as a string.
this method is called when a custom from tag is created.
write a jpeg image to a file.
check if there is any image servers in the db.
returns the current time in nanoseconds.
remove an extension from the list of extensions.
returns a suballocated intvector representing the namespace context for the given element node index.
adds the specified observer to the list of observers.
computes the euclidean distance.
formats the given pattern into the given stringbuffer.
adds a keyword to the dictionary.
releases the field associated with the given owner.
converts list of alert entity objects to list of alertdto objects.
returns the screen executor for the given executor.
adds a group properties listener.
edits a global function comment.
clears all existing mx sessions.
returns true if the given entry dn exists.
unpack a cmap from a string.
initialize native library.
returns the hashcode for a wrapper name.
process notification of the start of an element.
checks if the object has a string value.
this function creates one region of the primary memory assuming that all the nodes in the region are
constructs a zdiagmat from a zmat.
check the ant version.
build the neuron network.
compares two characters sequences starting at the specified index.
divide zero by zero.
returns an enumeration of the productions in this rule.
adds the given node to the list of nodes that will be added to the tight source range
returns true if the given event is disabled.
creates new dimporter dialog where the parent is a frame.
transform an array of points without touching the view.
convert escaped function to string.
returns a string representation of this object.
adds a listener to the session.
creates a path from a time stamp.
prints a user message.
connects the socket to the specified address and port.
checks if is access modifier.
handles an append request failure.
select a preview size that is closest to the desired width and height.
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects.
decodes a utf - 8 encoded string.
returns a map of attributes to lower case.
accepts the annotations of this method.
create a list from passed objx parameters.
reads the next part of the file.
returns whether multi line tabs should be shown.
computes the parameters of the kernel density function.
translates a data type from one vendor to another.
finds the minimum in the array of doubles.
moves the selected row down.
creates a new jar with the given backing file.
returns a list of runnables that are waiting for tasks to complete.
converts a collection of file paths to a list of relative paths.
handles unlock or install dialogs.
offset the start time by the number of days of a recurrence rule.
rounds the x, y, and z values of this vector3 up to the nearest integer value
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
cleans up the frontier by removing all elements that are not explored.
parse the attributes passed to the view from the xml.
concatenates two byte arrays.
assert the complete successfully or error signal has been received.
asserts that the given argument is true.
returns true if the given calendar is before today.
builds the login ui.
unmap a volume from scsi to initiator.
returns the list as a collection.
adds a quarter arc to the given path.
parses the content of the given block.
fills the given byte array with random bytes.
removes all scanning callbacks.
reads bytes from the file.
handles mbean manager creation.
check that the shape of the current node is the same as the shape of the new node.
returns true if the file is visible.
appends two string arrays.
deletes the object from the database.
constructs a string from the specified bytes using the specified encoding.
initialize the scratch item set.
computes the bounds of the editor cell.
read a number of bytes.
constructs a cuboid from the given world coordinates.
compute the log marginal likelihood of the smoothed distribution.
returns true if the message is a new message.
installs the system properties.
writes doubles from the given double array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position
load the recipients for the given address type.
returns true if the extension of the filename is that specified.
sets the lock time to the current time.
add a padstack to the padstack.
creates a new instance of args.
the start of a content model.
create an omlipse, a radius at the center of the circle.
create an inputsource from a string.
gets the root preferences object.
returns a string representation of the socket identifier.
append a string onto the top of this stack.
reads a string from a file.
returns the x coordinate of a tile.
creates a new input object.
creates a new bshclassmanager.
performs a swap operation on the current display surface.
returns the last login time.
returns a stream of words from the given text.
adds an app to the list.
returns a new joiner instance that matches the given field with the given value.
removes the you tube markup.
creates a dash array string from a list of floats.
find the position of a pattern in the database.
loads the files from the directory.
read a line of text from an inputstream.
checks if a table exists.
processes a colon ( e.
returns true if the given script contains the given delimiters.
write a byte array to an output stream.
adds an invariant that the specified service is not joined.
process an array of bytes, producing output if necessary.
prints a string to the work document.
adds the given connection groups to the list of child connection groups.
loads the map from the given input stream.
adds a decoration to the line.
parses the link title.
adds a double to the sketch.
sets the closed flag to true.
returns the number of elements in this set.
create a warning diagnostic.
create a new destructurer.
handles delete sub configuration request.
returns true if the connection is healthy.
adds a column to the table at the specified index.
initializes all components used in dialog.
computes the norm ( euclidean norm ) of a vector.
get value as string.
returns a hash code value for the object.
converts the maximal rings to minimal rings.
removes a listener on image sharing events.
update the size of the wave file.
writes the new journal to a file.
returns true if the buffer matches the string.
this method cannot be called directly.
computes the maximum value for each series using the percent factor per series.
adds a channel to the model.
joins an array of objects into one string.
checks if the store has the specified trait.
create a supply for a boundline.
returns the number of parameters.
load the values for this step from an xml node.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
readdata - read the reference value from the input stream.
returns the dot product of this vector with the given dense vector.
generates the code for the main subroutine.
computes the standard deviation of a list of numbers.
trims the capacity of this array to be the same as the size.
setbit ( int n ) outside zero.
compare a date with a boolean.
decode the next chunk of solution set.
creates a new udp client.
multiply all values in the set by a given value.
check if the given level is higher than the current level.
compute the list of package fragment children for the given folder.
quote the absolute path of the given file.
reads data from net.
clears all maps and tombstones.
removes an imageconsumer from the list of consumers interested in data for this image.
is navigation at the bottom of the screen?.
update the aperture value.
builds an invocation for the given protocolkey.
compute mark from passed and failed statistics.
gcd : the first number is zero.
tests capture of king moves.
validates and evaluates the expressions.
parses the given string as a relative directory.
pick the encoding to use for the given input source.
generates the url for a series / category query.
returns true if the thread should expire.
displays the domain model.
decodes a 64 - bit image from infile.
creates the script.
returns a random real number from the cauchy distribution ; bypasses the internal state.
adds a job group to the list of job groups that should never be deleted.
prints the layout of the workflow.
this is the entry point for requestpollread ( ).
adds a field to run the multi match against.
encodes this ntruprime into an outputstream.
signal that no acks have been received.
returns a string representation of the given integer array.
copies the given source array into the given target array.
returns the great circle distance from this location to the given location.
parses the manifest file and returns a list of input splits.
read a number of bytes.
fire when an operator has been moved.
removes the ith individuals from the population.
modifies the variable id.
repeats the given string count times.
waits for the state change.
selects a node from the graph that is closest to the variables to be solved.
creates a new instance of adduserfields.
parse an integer value from a string.
returns the bounds of the node with the given id.
stops all workers in the collection.
returns a clone of this frame.
calculates the percentage of states that need to be transitioned.
mangles the name of a method.
saves the current state of the iterator.
consumes to the given sequence.
print out a list of ip addresses defined in the system.
dispose the encoder, decoder, and output streams for the given session.
calculates the number of transpositions between two char sequences.
parses an object from the given source string.
returns a stream of the values in this collection.
registers a mod file with the manifest.
arranges the container with no constraint on the width and height.
returns true if the content type of the message is the same as the given content type.
generates an x. 509 certificate.
handles save button request.
checks all the dependencies of a module.
method for beancontextmembership interface.
checks that a directory can be written.
returns a string representation of this time interval.
writes default serializable fields to stream.
start an entity.
returns true if the given name is a java keyword.
extracts the import url from the given matcher.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
runs the test case.
renames an object type to its internal type.
writes a list of files to an output file list.
creates a new dnetscapepolicy dialog.
invalidates all caches.
flatten a byte [ ] into an xmlserializer.
writes a list of strings to a file.
cancel all requests that have the given tag.
draws a horizontal line between ( x1, y1 ) and ( x2, y2
returns a new record that is a subset of the given record.
queues an operation to be executed.
convert a string to a cell [ ].
transforms the shape so that it is visible on the screen.
prints a list with the given indentation.
initializes all components used in dialog.
performs an ocsp revocation.
returns the composite type for the given alpha composite.
removes the specified tracking icon.
find the phonemes in the state machine.
removes the parent directory from the given file.
returns true if a is almost equal to b.
this method is called at the end of an element.
java. util. arrays # fill ( byte [ ], int, int, byte ).
opens the current scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket.
calculates the logarithm of the given value.
upload file to dropbox.
create a zip file handle.
remove a handler for a column.
returns true if the tag is empty and the number of images is zero.
restores the badges from the saved bundle.
sets the touch time to the current time.
create a new catalogentry.
adds a message waiting to the queue.
pushes a new top element onto the stack.
logs the hierarchy of the given class loader.
add a gossip member.
gets the list of log files.
returns true if the case sensitive checkbox is selected.
returns true if the given node is a namespace node.
returns a hash code value for this object.
creates a new sub configuration model.
tests another object for equality with this object.
convert hex values to their integer equivalents.
perform the default action.
create a new binary traversal.
called when the end of an element is encountered.
cancels all the requests on this endpoint.
returns the value associated with an attribute.
find the value associated with the key.
decodes the given base58 string into the original data bytes.
create a new templatesubpatternassociation.
deletes the file.
returns true if the given annotated type has no prefix.
tries to format the given string without throwing an illegalformatexception.
returns log instance for given class.
receive one byte from the receive queue.
returns a list of constraint violations for the given resource.
returns true if the imdb id is valid.
shows the video file in the video recorder.
writes an array of coordinates to the output.
returns true if the exception message starts with the given class name.
swaps the rows and columns of a matrix with the largest absolute value.
returns true if the popup can be used in a task bar.
creates a job to create a new instance of a activiti cluster.
finds all the main classes in the given directory.
validates an xml string.
read values from the file.
returns true if the given access opcode is compatible with an instant run.
create a sequence from an array of asobjects.
creates a new threadedlistenermanager.
reads this object from a stream ( i.
computes the offset of a line segment.
returns the element at the specified location in this vector.
parses the qos rules from the qos settings.
returns the octets for the given identifier.
formats a double value.
flushes this stream to ensure all pending data is written out to the target stream.
checks if is c.
creates a bounds object that is appropriate for the given bounds.
add a button to clear the plot data.
returns the levenshtein distance between two strings.
create a text file with the given number of lines.
determine if the expression is animal.
replace line separators with the given line separator string.
adds a ping notification.
creates a new datastore on all hosts in a cluster.
check the size of the array and increase if needed.
creates a new album.
checks that the given substring is a valid internal class name.
creates shadow tasks for tasks that are not yet done.
unquotes the given name.
returns true if the player has a leader.
performs a redo operation on the last operation on the stack of redo operations that can be
if r is an altresult or cancellationexception, then return it, otherwise return r itself.
writes a protein to a file.
convert from sql to sqle.
write the contour to a sptk file.
starts the current thread with the given timeout.
finds an element with the specified name in the specified parent node.
make a star re from a regular expression.
removes the specified element from the selection.
this method cannot be called directly.
prints a formatted string to this output stream, using the specified locale and format string, and
transforms an xml source to an output result.
tests comparison of attributes before elements.
adds an instruction suffix.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
closes the selector if it is open.
returns the value of subtracting two numbers.
sets the required attributes.
shows the history dialog.
returns the number of elements in the queue.
reads the contents of an inputstream and returns it as a byte array.
construct a streamable from an publisher.
creates a new protobuf connection.
the real guts of parsenetworkresponse.
find a notification by id.
create a new green gradient.
writes a histogram to a file.
dereferences a stage of a stage of a stage of a stage of a stage of a
add a number to a character.
clips the given string to the given width if the string is longer than the availtextwidth
removes the specified object from the list of actions.
adds a slide to the slide list.
wraps a string to a maximum width.
creates a vertex array with the given coordinates.
publish a message to an mqtt server.
cleans a directory without deleting it.
inverse wavelet transform.
moves a file or directory to a new location.
loads the security properties from the specified file.
close an input stream without throwing an exception.
clears the scan files.
executes a process and checks its output and error.
this method will be used to start file based merge.
called when text was inserted into the text area.
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message and char sequence.
returns true if two components are parallel siblings of the same spring.
reads an object from the input stream.
subtract two numbers of the same length and different signs.
creates a new plaintext component with the given integer.
returns true if the given calendar is the current day of the month.
creates a new port and adds it to the managed ports.
prints a double field.
convert a yuv image to a bitmap.
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation.
checks if a particular feature is enabled.
assigns a port based on the usage of the matching target ports.
returns the next event in the queue.
appends the points to the buffer.
updates a jcombobox with the current tracks.
creates a new transformer.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
open the compare dialog.
adds a resource to the list of resources.
returns true if the given string is a numeric value.
encodes the given string using utf - 8.
atomically adds the given value to the current value.
returns the current time in milliseconds.
appends a name value pair to a list.
creates a properties object from the given url.
calculates the weight of a plan.
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified.
find the matching value in the value list.
creates a directory in zookeeper.
calculates the logarithm of the given value.
raises the x, y, and z values of the given vector3 to the given power.
receives a packet from the server.
convert temperature values to rgb values.
sets the name mapper.
java. util. arrays # fill ( boolean [ ], int, int, double, double
adds the specified collection at the end of this vector.
format the values of this formatter.
returns the resource name for the given table name and type.
updates the comboboxes based on the current state of the checkboxes.
returns the tip text for this property.
returns a string containing the string representation of each value in the array, separated by the given separator
returns the source class for the given attribute.
flushes the output stream to the underlying stream.
request data from group.
serialize cookie object into string.
skips the specified number of bytes.
resumes the animation and resets the last frame time.
subtract two numbers of different scales.
adds the callback to the prototype callback.
create a new alltoallpanel.
see if a function is available.
allocates p_section_count sections.
returns true if a refresh is needed.
returns a byte array of random bytes.
constructs the weight distribution.
removes the extension from a file name.
delete the attribute value.
normalizes the given dataframe by the given minimum and maximum values.
check to see if a scheme is a socket scheme.
add a leaf to the tree, but only if it does not already have any parents.
adjusts the list of blocklisteners based on the new range.
hex - encode the given byte array.
clamps a size so that it fits within a given maximum area.
create a new instance.
returns a string representation of this object.
encode the input data producing a base 64 encoded byte array.
draws a triangle of the given direction.
adds a file system observer.
compute the logarithm of a number.
adds the given number to the end of the program.
creates a new instance of an object using the specified class loader.
add an action to the list of actions.
creates a new polygon with the given points.
reads the json value from the json array for specified index.
waits for an element to not be present.
assert that this testsubscriber has terminated.
returns true if the video is a vimeo url.
returns true if the session has been cancelled.
push a subcontextlist onto the top of the stack.
update the path of the downloaded files.
dumps the options for the current profile.
parses a language resource.
calculates the log probability of starting states for all characters in each language.
removes the container from the list of containers and cancels the request if it is empty.
instantiates a new kernel density function.
creates a clone of the given object.
returns true if the polygon has at least three points.
creates a new zip entry with the given name.
tests if statements are properly executed.
read a dictionary from an inputstream.
adds a vertex to the vertex list.
recreates the view to model array.
returns an immutable set of the files in the set.
is operating system mac?.
checks if the given throwable is assignable from any of the given throwable classes.
returns a string containing the encoded version of the message queue.
prints an integer to the stream.
returns a map of item sets to their support / probability.
checks if is all alpha.
converts a character to an integer.
throws an error if the given library name does not exist.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
saves the certificate to a file.
adds a filter to this query.
send a debug log message.
updates the statistics.
test the creation of a new bigdatasail instance.
returns a string representation of this object.
splits traces with a keep point.
flips all bits in a byte array in place.
set the document source for this request.
adds the given users to the configuration.
tries to drain the buffers.
copies a file to another location.
encode a properties object into a string.
generates xml in the rss format.
tests comparison of elements by name.
deletes a directory recursively.
convert a string representation of a timestamp to a timestamp object.
returns true if the string starts with a new hunk.
removes all values from the map.
reads characters from the given byte array.
converts a string to a byte array.
plays the specified file for the specified user.
sets the flag indicating whether or not finalizers should be run when the jvm exits.
predicts the intervals for the given confidence level.
searches the specified collection for the minimum element using the specified comparator.
returns true if the sha hash of the file matches the given hash.
adds a key to the list of value key names.
adds a new border to the assignment.
returns the string representation of the given character.
splits a string into lines.
draws the plot on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer )
adds a hole to a ring.
registers all components.
initialize the fragment manager with a new instance of the opstype.
skips bytes in the input stream.
generates the 64 bit hash id.
creates a new create - xxx sub - command for a relation.
creates a new dnetscapepolicy dialog.
reads a line element.
creates a new list model with the specified array of items.
returns true if field calltype is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise.
maps the source to the outermost enclosing type.
constructs a new instance with the specified style and extensions.
computes the db metrics for all virtual nas for the given storage system.
see the general contract of the readshort method of datainput.
create a replication job to copy a partition.
this method is called when executing this sample application from the command line.
find the orders in the given context.
returns true if the file exists.
finds the first stage with the given path.
calculates the t - value of the covariance matrix.
runs a list of bootstrappers.
checks that the index header id matches the expected one.
returns the output as a byte array.
saves the named buffer to the file.
schedules storage for the given source virtual array.
returns a list of full paths relative to basedir.
returns true if the given specifier is a file specifier, false otherwise.
inserts the expected pool settings per tier.
transfer all data from the source stream to the destination stream.
returns the path position at the given unit level.
returns the number of bytes that can be read.
adds a numeric training class.
parses a list of groups.
invoked when a drag gesture has been recognized.
returns true if the character is a valid identifier character.
adds a header line.
loads an address from a database result set.
encode a string to be used in a url.
returns a url with the given parameters.
description of the method.
guesses the mime type of the given file.
tests advance ( ) for all terms.
returns true for a public field.
release the encumbrance budget.
returns a transferable that can be used to transfer a locale.
writes the specified length to the target stream.
adds a generic font family.
writes a reference to the given node.
parses a data value.
returns true if the population is empty.
formats the date using the specified formatter.
returns the class name in dotted form.
creates a new dviewcertificate dialog.
play the next video in the playlist.
invokes the specified method of the specified object with the specified parameter types.
copy nodelist members into this nodelist, adding in document order.
returns the rotate stream for the given path.
cleans up the history of numbers.
process styled attributes.
constructs a logmessage with the specified template and code.
translates an action string into an action string.
returns true if this resource can be loaded.
returns true if the value is a boolean.
strict parsing of a boolean value.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end - user
formats the date using the specified formatter.
initialize a map of source code line numbers to source code lines.
returns a copy of this matrix.
returns the set of error codes that are allowed to be duplicated.
returns true if field has been visited for object.
removes a download from the completed list.
adds a shingled phrase query to the main query.
returns the digest as an xml id.
creates a new snapshot of the volume.
store log file in database.
merges two sets of properties.
deletes the preferred language of a existing user.
called when a mediaplayer is ready to play.
parses a parameter of the form : & lt ; nonce & gt ; & lt ; stale
skips the specified number of bytes.
moves a player to all players within a radius.
create an ecdhe object from a supported group id.
adds a header to the message.
returns a string representation of this object.
recreates the workspace table.
executes a n1ql statement that returns a list of parameters.
closes all open tags.
entity reference. ( see org.
enqueues node as last element or returns false if full.
draws the divider for the specified child.
creates a new instance of formspec.
decodes a list of objects from the given stream.
writes an integer to the given output stream.
writes an double field value.
returns the next creature to spawn at the specified quest level.
validates schedule interval and start time.
deletes a trait from an entity represented by a guid.
adds a collection of tables.
write a template file to a writer.
clears the cache and starts a thread to load it.
returns the index of the item in the list.
adds an attribute to the parameter list.
drains all graphs in the buffer.
run a full import.
returns the user id within the specified range.
starts the consumer, if it hasn't started yet.
generates the flags for a binary operation.
returns true if the label of the cell is movable.
write a type list.
loads the configuration from a resource.
close an input stream without throwing an exception.
creates a new transaction.
skips characters until the next character is a valid character.
converts a package name to a file path.
returns true if this map contains the specified key.
returns true if the given fragment is valid.
increases the capacity of and internally reorganizes this cache, in order to accommodate and access
save pois from assets.
creates a new element with the given name and value.
check if a tag has been done in a given scope.
called when the operator of a variable has changed.
add a header to the message.
check if there is already a request with the same uri.
checks if a view is hidden.
deletes a file or directory.
returns true if the specified component is a menu bar border.
construct a node in the result tree.
create a priority queue from a word - > tf map.
invokes the closure for each object in the stream.
exits the process with the given status.
computes the distance between two points in meters.
processes an auth challenge.
calculates the a value.
create new costs record.
adds an undo event to the undo list.
establishes the cache if it's needed.
append a text and an image span to the end of the text.
validates a password using a hash.
returns the list of snapshots in the repository.
adds a certificate to the certificate set.
multiply zero by a number.
cleans a static method.
paints the background of a tab.
builds an automaton from the given hash code.
returns the range of values the renderer requires to display all the items from the specified dataset.
shuts down the admin server.
number of threads in the process.
assigns a role to this user.
constructs a threadpool with the default settings.
writes the initial styles to the stream.
returns a base64 encoded string.
test where each operation locks only a single resource and there is only one resource to be locked
run the next command in the delta queue.
stops the web socket server, and waits for it to finish.
load a dom document from a resource.
java. math. bigdecimal # divide ( java. math. bigdecimal, java.
removes an annotation from the dataset.
replaces all occurrences of a character with another character.
creates a new file or updates an existing one.
wraps the given callback and returns null if the callback should be ignored.
should this cell be selected?.
add two numbers of the same length and different signs.
adds a class node.
tries to format a message with the given format.
parse the upper case map attribute for a unicode character.
this method is invoked by the worker thread.
creates a new zip file with the given entry count and entry size.
returns true if the new name is a valid one, false otherwise.
imports a xml file.
add or remove a row to the log.
a method to construct a default digest method type conforming to the 2016 schema.
creates a set of sampled vertices from the given collection.
instantiates a new gremlin transaction manager.
shifts all sub - flows of a bean instance to a new location.
loads positions from the database.
makes all the elements of the makelist.
called when a text node has been deleted.
instantiates a new application environment.
create a new producerworker for the given topic and message.
called when a tab is created in the foreground.
checks if functions are allowed.
load org accesses from database.
closes the disk cache associated with this imagecache object.
creates a map of uri - > lununassigned for the volumes in the exportmask
closes the underlying sockets.
returns the largest of the two specified vectors.
gets the output and error streams from a process and reads them to keep the process from blocking
adds the given arguments to the command line.
returns matching node or null if none.
draws the axis on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer )
reads the contents of the fetchlist.
creates a random colour.
parses a category string and returns the diagnostickind and whether it is fixable.
if the method is a read method and its return type is not void and no return type is
instantiates a new sptk file.
aborts the running task.
adds a csp listener.
prints the given message to the specified printstream, wrapping it with the specified maxlinewidth
removes a range of elements from the array.
assert that the given resultset has the given nullability.
compute the bounding boxes for all the contours.
adds a timeline to the timelines list.
loads the lob database.
paints the component using the ui.
returns a copy of the given array with extra capacity.
send event to listeners.
updates the specified keys in the specified region.
load the data from the given extensions.
deletes all addresses of a existing user.
set the limit for the query.
checks if file exists.
skips the given number of characters.
adds payment methods to the class.
converts a file name to a file name using the default charset.
copies the contents of the given url to the given file.
updates the deltas needed to draw the drag target.
creates an authentication configuration.
trims the given text from the given span.
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster.
send the remaining bytes of the buffer.
dispatches an event to this listener.
finds the file in the given list that is to be opened.
compares two strings, handling case matters.
execute shell commands, default return result msg.
populates a blob with the given data.
removes the given file from the list of observed files.
makes this object immutable.
appending the isnull operator clause.
clears the hash map.
update favorite station.
appends all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this list, in the
saves the analysis to a file.
returns an iterator over the dependencies of this capability.
parses an integer from a string.
constructs a bufferedheader from a character buffer.
convert a java. util. date to a date string.
executes the request and returns the result.
checks the server response code.
adds a resource source to the list of resource sources.
commits any changes made to the component.
connects this item to the nearest target item.
handle motion events from the input device.
add a class to the class loader.
edits the specified element in the specified column.
constructs a curved floating point curve from the given two curves.
serialize a dom document to a string.
computes the area of a triangle.
performs a read - serializable operation on the triple store.
casts a list to array object remove empty items.
searches the specified collection for the minimum element.
creates a heartbeat server.
tostring returns current element.
action to find a club.
constructs a pdf from a byte array.
converts a collection of inetaddress to an array of strings.
show the authenticated pilot's profile.
creates a new instance of smoothmoves.
update price lists for a product.
checks the dependencies of a module.
clearbit ( int n ) inside a positive number.
deserialize funnel from serialized form.
appends a parameter type to the given parameter descriptor.
adds a catch clause to this block.
stream the given bytes to the browser.
unlocks the transaction associated with the given key.
returns a sub list of orders starting at the specified index.
ensures that the schema versions of the database are consistent with the schema versions of the database.
clears the stack.
instantiates a new tile store.
returns true if this storedblock has more work than the other one.
parses a single token.
returns true if the url represents a jar file.
compares this object with the specified object.
applysettimestamp adds to the batch the query used to change the connection timestamp, if needed
creates a new accessor.
stops the timer and adds the duration to the total.
this method will be used to add a row to the sort buffer.
decode the base 64 encoded string data - whitespace will be ignored.
returns the address of the native stack frame that contains the given native stack frame.
walks the file system path starting at the given offset.
returns true if mime type is image.
instantiates a new fx widget.
returns the size in bytes of the bitmap specified by key.
returns the absolute value of all elements in the matrix.
removes the attribute with the specified name.
prepares the camera and starts the preview.
parses an exception option.
rotates the given image by 180 degrees while preserving the aspect ratio of the image.
update the finantare value.
display calendar in calendar pane.
creates a linestring with the given coordinates.
trims an array to be exactly the target a size.
closes this connection if it has not already been closed.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection via the named event.
subtract the specified number of droidflakes.
process an array of bytes, producing output if necessary.
returns true if the service requires the given resource name.
main entry point for the tool.
returns s + u where v is the absolute value of the argument.
constructs an authoritykeyidentifierstructure from the passed in certificate.
opens the specified jar file.
removes all emails from the list.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs, byte
instantiates a new pw.
determines if a character is a letter.
call the visitors on all the arguments of this function.
creates a link with the given uri and label.
returns true if the given token is an expression.
destroys this node and its associated state.
creates a uri from a file.
process request to play media.
performs a binary search over a sorted list for the specified object using the specified comparator.
flushes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
returns a vector of all elements in the state that can go here.
removes the given value from the map.
creates a new instance of hashdatacache.
marshalls an enum value to the output stream.
resets all listeners to their default values.
returns true if the midi file writer supports the given file type and sequence.
computes the window naf.
maps the given collection name with the rules defined by the user.
fill a vector with random values between min and max.
returns a hash code value for this object.
this method is called when the animation is stopping.
returns true if p_name is equal to the name of this package.
draws the range markers ( if any ) for an axis and layer.
decrypts the given data using the given password.
create a new vpf layer.
returns true if the connection should be closed.
computes the hue, saturation, and lightness.
returns a future that is resolved when the server shuts down.
returns true if there are no entries in the queue.
changes the directory on the server.
removes the quote character from the given column.
returns true if the user has scrolled up.
refills the input buffer.
searches the index for documents matching the query.
writes the end of the list.
returns a list of elements that have the given names as child elements.
generates a byte array containing random bytes.
returns the tip text for this property.
get a list of jobs based on a job request.
returns a binary representation of this polynomial.
opens an input stream to the data file.
adds a caret listener.
returns the singleton instance of serialsensormanager.
java. sql. rsmd # iscurrency ( int ) test of method java. sql.
encode a buffer into a string.
java. text. date # equals ( java. text. date d ) test of method java
parses the id from the same document uri.
mark a range of blocks as used.
instantiates a new chol matrix.
read n bytes from memory and return as a string.
shifts right an array of integers.
this method will add a new value to the aggregator.
removes legion member from legion.
print the contents of the buffer to the stream.
returns true if this method contains at least one baf body.
returns a copy of this string with all occurrences of the specified characters removed.
deletes the least used http connection.
binary search for the value in the sorted array.
cleans up the schedule by removing all routes without departures and stops not used.
check if two labels match.
takes a list of patches and returns a textual representation.
write a line to the output stream if prec is greater than context prec.
this method validates sort size.
draws the image on the canvas.
deletes the panel.
perform an asynchronous average operation.
returns the next token from this string tokenizer.
instantiates a new html builder.
returns a string representation of this instance.
parses a macro from a file.
deletes all es input files.
adds a part to the list.
terminates the fsync service and waits for it to terminate.
finds the farthest location in the game grid.
computes minimal sample size for the given source size.
creates the main split pane.
cleans the chain.
checks if the transaction manager is set up.
creates a new fs instance.
adds an element to the xml document.
convert an inputstream to a string.
splits the name of the remote branch into its name and name.
encrypts an outputstream using a password.
pads the given string to the right with the given character until it reaches the given length.
reloads the swipe state in the given view.
resets the iv to its original value.
multiply the matrix by a vertical flip matrix.
shuts down the jdbc session factory.
returns a string representation of the ip address.
creates a new action object.
converts a hex string to a byte array.
write a string to the buffer.
creates a new collection of all permissions.
merges the networks of the given zone with the ones in the given zone.
prints a message to standard output and then terminates the line.
reads a chunk of data from an input stream.
computes the sum of int and float associations for all facets.
create a reverse geocode from a list of placenames.
patch a name to be compatible with the namespace map.
returns a string representation of the given tag.
creates a new instance of another element.
resets the sensision object to its initial state.
rotates this vector by the given angle in radian.
called when the connection to the mqtt server has been lost.
get the value of a response header.
parses sparse fields from the query parameters.
sign with a list of ids.
invoked when the target of the listener has changed its state.
adds a url to the list of urls to scan.
adds a range to the interval.
resets the parameters to their initial values.
reloads the current page.
returns true if the field is static.
returns the number of outstanding requests.
converts a byte array to a printable string.
initialize the loggers for the specified component.
fills the list from pos up to the first item in the list.
removes a default value.
test verifies that put causes an eviction.
merges two signatures into one.
returns a hash code for this object.
creates new grid exception with given throwable as a cause and source of error message.
enters the transaction.
add an option to this optionset.
pauses for the client to join.
this method gets called when a bound property is changed.
adds a frame to the animation.
scans the classpath for classes implementing the specified interface.
get the text in the cdata block.
returns true if the block needs a skylight update.
expands the given rectangle by the given amount.
converts a string to a packet.
returns a string representation of this object.
checks if is initialized.
removes the specified shutdown hook.
calculates the number of transitions between two resultpoints.
returns the string representation of the current value.
check camera size.
appends a string to the buffer.
encodes the plaintext string.
returns the lookup list for this gsub table.
returns the sum of the deltas.
returns true if the single character is a word boundary.
execute a blocking operation on the primary connection.
write a portion of an array of characters.
creates a table with the given horizontal span.
returns a string representation of the type.
create a line from the current path point to the new one specified by x and y.
checks whether nominal schemes can handle missing values.
disables all buttons in the panel.
loads the artifact at the given path.
tries to acquire the specified number of threads.
returns true if the builder ends with " l " and " crl ".
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
instantiates a new transit section action.
creates a new dviewcertificate dialog.
adds a point to the end of the list.
returns true if the specified class is a cglib proxy class.
verifies the discovery information received from the server.
generates an analysis result set and saves it to the database.
updates the text views based on the given recharge.
returns map from transaction version to transaction id.
stops the listener thread.
decode the given data using the given key.
derives the argb value for a color based on an offset between two other colors.
adds a landing pad to this block.
creates an attack strategy based on the given strategy parameters.
creates a default threadpool with the default initial thread pool size, maximum thread pool size, and
write a chunk of data to a partition.
get an event by id.
initializes the values of the custom checkers.
this method will load the properties file.
prints this property list out to the specified stream.
converts a date string to a date object.
calculates md5 checksum of a file or directory.
initializes the generator with the specified parameters.
returns true if there are more records in the result.
trims the capacity of the receiver to be the same as the size.
adds an opening bracket for a json object.
returns a string representation of the ascii board at the given position.
clears all caches and sections.
convert an iterator to a set of nodes.
runs a task multiple times.
creates the vm list.
increments the number of use of a storage port.
remove an attribute set from the top of the attribute set stack.
associates the specified value with the specified key in this cache.
remove model change listener.
fire a change event to all registered changelisteners.
creates the name of the connection.
discovers a host by its id.
fully read a number of bytes from an inputstream.
draws the circles in the current connection order.
adds a new node to the opennodes list, if it isn't already there.
converts a java file object to a file object.
creates a raster with the same layout but using an existing one.
build a random power law bipartite graph of given left and right sizes.
executes the given command.
updates the progress for the individual thread.
creates the context handler.
tests if this string starts with the specified prefix.
returns a list of container initializers.
creates a new temporary directory in the default temporary directory.
tostring - return a string representation of a partition.
returns true if parentproductcategoryid is a child of productcategoryid.
input an instance for filtering.
get the list of columns for a table.
adds a resource to the list of resources created at this location.
release all semaphore objects and remove them from the queue.
tests this object for equality with an arbitrary object.
check if the quorum is maintained.
schedules the next alarm.
request a stop.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # enginecreatessl ( string name, int port )
joins arrays together, if any array is null or empty then other array will be retun
splits the query string and the path into queries and paths.
forwards init of best selling report.
starts a new transaction.
adds a job to the job queue.
resets the parser to the initial state.
adds a constant.
adds the given data to this dataset.
returns the gain of the data set.
cancels a property constant.
deserialize an object from a byte array.
remainder of multi digits by one digit.
shows the properties of the selected neurons.
encrypts a byte array.
returns true if there are changes of children of the given class.
this class should not be instantiated.
removes all special characters from a string.
create a new runscriptaction.
creates a web image with the given url.
consolidates installment wise tuples into a single map.
returns true if the email is valid.
adds a linemerge directed edge.
parses an application.
creates a new connection.
returns a human - readable summary of the slot usage statistics.
adds a subscription to the subscription store.
zips the given file to the given location.
generates a hashmap with the expanded state of each parent.
adds a listener to the audiopacketbroadcaster.
create the extension from the passed der encoded value of the same.
creates a new environment with the given java path.
adds a callback to the callback map.
removes all blocks from the section.
writes a string to a file.
returns true if the operator is an access to a variable.
called by the picker for updating the display.
return a list of segments that are near a given point.
adds an action to the action list.
loads the index data from the given input stream.
returns the url of the specified class file.
sign off the given unique id.
create non - cg step group.
returns the timestamp that should be used for downsampling based on the window size.
returns a string representation of this pointset.
Receive notification of a recoverable error.
adds a pattern association to the head of the pattern table.
create a unionpathiterator object.
read a record from the database.
generates an error message and throws an exception.
returns true if there are more deals in the queue.
adds an issuer to the list of issuers.
builds the key selection.
filter the node map according to the registered caches.
write updated device to storage.
runs the test case.
adjusts the values in the array to be equal to their absolute value.
removes the processor at the given index.
creates a new suffix chain.
creates a by object from a locator string.
notify listeners that a task has started.
throws an exception if this record has been destroyed.
uploads a large file to the artifact server.
escapes the given byte string.
returns an array of the types of the given values.
adds the security token to the owner of the soap security token.
skip spaces and return the index of the first non - space character.
updates the viewpoint based on the current amplitude and the current time.
samples a random assignment from the distribution.
reads a certificate from an input stream.
instantiates a new http client.
associate the given class with the specified key.
renames the given table.
handle a readlastconfirmed error.
adds the given value to this set if it is not already present.
applies the current layout to the neurons in this neuron.
( since linux 2.
calculates the size of a layer.
finds a static method that is declared in public class.
search for service cards by keyword.
add a phonenumber to the list.
returns only the digits and plus signs of the matching string.
compares two methods for equality.
returns the markersegment with the specified tag or null if not found.
opens an input stream to a file.
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array of sources
publish a list of items to a subscriber.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end - user
checks if this uri is valid, throwing an exception if not.
create the extension from the passed der encoded value.
generates all the periods in the current year.
creates an aes key.
valuechangelistener, this is called when a bound property is changed.
parses the given response string into a json object.
loads the versions from the versioninfo.
find a page of users by example.
add a footer view to the adapter.
add a sequence to the queue.
checks if is read - only.
consume returns the sum of the results.
set the parent expression.
returns true if the name is registered with the registry.
adds a constant to the constant list.
prints a message and exits the program.
asserts that two timestamps are equal with a given epsilon.
instantiates a new xml spider.
flushes the buffer to disk.
add a hop to the pipeline.
returns true if the queue is empty.
tests primitive instantiation.
reads the entries from the segment from the segment reader.
returns the number of hosts in the net2initiatorsmap.
adds all certificates in the given store to this keystore.
process a single lob.
generates sax events for the start of a prefix mapping.
prints this throwable's stack trace to the specified print writer.
converts a list of dataflavors to an array of dataflavors.
test for correct error handling for a choice with an empty icon.
translate a string of attributes into a human - readable string.
returns the next message index id.
fill fields with current data.
checks the security infos for the given endpoint against the given security infos.
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other list
converts a list of byte arrays to a list of byte strings.
adds an index to this table.
sets the ssl key store key password.
instantiates a new zookeeper state machine ensemble.
creates a shortcut for the given character.
removes the minimum key from the subtree.
resets the error counters.
writes the given source file to the given output stream.
sifts a list of type compounds and returns a map of target classes to type compounds
updates the location of this particle.
compares this value to the specified value.
bind a property to a specific value.
removes the specified column from this table.
write a string to the log file.
closes the database connection.
constructs a new instance of structem bayessearcheditor.
removes an action listener from the forward / back projection buttons.
returns true if the character at the given index is a literal.
generates a granularity from a string.
creates a new worditerator for the default locale.
closes the tree and releases all index locks.
pushes a local file to a remote file.
process a single segment.
resizes the cache to the specified size.
splits the given char into two bytes.
prints a short field.
init from a directory.
remove a bandwidth field from the list.
exit with a process success code.
returns the current time in milliseconds.
collapses newlines in the given string.
generates the javadoc for this class.
extract properties from a set of properties.
removes the last row from the table.
ensures that the specified component is visible.
ends the current representation protection set.
creates a label generator using the specified number formatters.
splits a line into n tokens.
instantiates a new timer.
read the next tuple from the stream.
computes the result of adding two double values.
removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list.
load the values for this step from an xml node.
computes the hash signature for the given signature.
adds the trigger group name.
read a string from the input stream.
deletes all temporary files.
decompresses the thumbnail and returns the decoded thumbnail.
submit ( runnable ) returns result.
shrinks this rectangle by the given area and returns the result as a new rectangle.
asserts that at least one of the tests passed in is true.
builds the absolute stats.
serializes the classifier to the specified file.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns true if the field is a partition tag.
arrange with a fixed width and a fixed height.
executes the query.
returns the index within the specified string of the first occurrence of the specified search character in the specified
increments the value of the count for the given key.
send a packet to a client.
handle a key typed event.
fills in any gaps in the given map.
reads this object from a stream ( that is, deserializes it ).
create a program that satisfies an op_checkmultisig program.
deletes the instances at the given indices.
adds a listener to the list.
gc2gc ( ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
returns true if basedate is between startdate and enddate.
adds a timeout event listener.
converts a list of strings to an array of strings.
transforms the tool tip text.
writes the contents of the buffer to the underlying stream.
creates a new clienthttprequest object.
receive notification of character data inside an element.
appends a tag with the given name and value.
returns the extra information for certificate token validation.
adds contents to the top level contents.
executes a closure within a new instance of a sql class.
write the contents of the buffer to the underlying stream.
adds an index entry.
solves the graph using the given qry nodes.
deletes the specified number of starts from the specified index.
creates event type metadata for a bean type.
process it.
returns true if the caller is a gss caller that uses subject creds only.
adds a field value pair to the request.
deletes a storage object.
executes the request asynchronously and returns the response.
returns true if the condition is ok for this example.
loads the database from the given input stream.
delete luns from lun group.
remove an array of locators.
returns true if the given choice is selected.
adds an operation to the progress panel.
sets the key store to use the specified provider.
decrements the workercount field of ctl.
creates a new http connection from the given requests.
creates a new instance with the given host and port.
tests fix for bug # 22613 - connectionmetadata.
( since linux 2.
creates a program rewriter with the given rewrites.
creates the settings menu.
writes a string to the given output stream.
check to see if a string is a valid java name.
creates the commands for the node.
parse all the packages and save them to disk.
gets the error stream from a process and reads it to keep the process from blocking due to
deletes the string wherever it occurs in the builder.
returns an array of classes for the given parameters.
trims all gaz entries so that they have the same size.
returns true if the prompt contains the select account prompt.
sorts the instances using a quicksort algorithm.
flips an image horizontally.
returns true if auditing is enabled.
returns true if the request is a terms request.
reads the segments from the file.
project a time value within 24 hours.
update min and max for no dictionary.
deserilize a struct object.
creates a new instance of cli.
concatenates two byte arrays into one byte array.
creates an input stream from a file.
creates the extended dismax configuration.
writes the given value to the database.
computes the y value of the maximum value.
adds a focus cleared listener.
add an item listener.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
creates a mosaic levy that conforms to a certain pattern.
returns the number of elements in the priority queue with the given value.
returns the negation of the given predicate.
adds a margintop to the top margin of the content child.
converts a hex string to a byte array.
sends a buffer to the device.
fetches the schema from the server.
appends the given double array to the given string buffer.
convert this array to a real array.
read partitions from a sequence file.
returns true if seqno is greater than the current max seqno, false otherwise.
draw a line between two points.
process a single item.
pushes an element onto the stack.
returns the cardinality of the range at the given index.
create a cookie and print document.
cast a object to a long object ( reference type ).
closes the grid row.
tests that internal state of the object can not be modified by modifying initial array value.
this method is called when the service is being shut down.
called when a ping message is received.
returns the integer value associated with the given object literal.
resets the viewable area.
test the transfer rate.
adds an x509extensions wrapper.
returns an iterator over the children of this node.
create new folder if it doesn't exist yet.
i - empirical joint. i - empirical joint.
perform a comparison test using a properties object.
test of getscale method, of class testresultsetmetadata.
make a prettyprinted json text of an object value.
returns true if the given retention policy is retained at runtime.
message processing test, no signature.
adds the given classpath to the classpath.
loads the directories from the directories.
construct a null individuum.
find all classes in the classpath.
checks if the value is slavo germanic.
shuffles the inventory of an inv.
formats the given value according to the specified format number.
converts the given string to lower case.
runs the assertions on the given list.
registers a transform uri.
remove this coroutine from the list of active coroutines.
shrinks the buffer to the current length if necessary.
creates a new conjunction.
drops data from the queue to the given absolute position.
creates a new instance of hopimpl.
updates the controls based on the current state.
writes the specified character to the output stream.
handle a loconet message.
executes a batch remove operation.
return true if multiple additions should be allowed for the given system name.
check if an object class is present in a set of object classes.
writes an integer field value.
computes the factorial of x.
waits until this stream is ready to be read.
atomically adds the given value to the current value of the field of the given object managed by
close a closeable without throwing an exception.
append a byte array to the file.
notify the list listeners.
converts an int to an inetaddress.
open a ftp connection.
unpacks the compressed character translation table.
adds the key - value pair to the map iff there is no value for the key
Determine the common suffix of two strings.
closes the input source and listener.
starts the monitor thread.
end a read on video frame.
scales the icon by the specified factor.
reads this object from a stream ( that is, deserializes it ).
returns a camel - cased version of the string.
removes and returns the element at the head of this queue.
creates a new instance.
creates the rmi registry for the given port.
poll the udp socket for new messages.
resets the internal state of the animation.
adds whitespace at the end of the builder if it isn't already there.
handles dup request handler request.
returns true if the lease has expired.
makes the given visitor visit this stack map instruction.
get the special properties.
handle a done query.
get the list of former identities.
change the parameter and return the hastings ratio.
this method cannot be called directly.
returns a japanese date from the epoch day.
checks that empty caches have the same size.
returns the node with the specified hash code and key.
add a language to the list of languages.
returns the index of the largest value in an array that is greater than ( or optionally equal to
adds a user to the repository.
applies a 128 - bit mix function to the 128 - bit hash table.
registers a network host.
adds a flow to the queue.
creates a jar file from the given map.
appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided integer value.
expect a server proxy failure.
removes the parameter with the specified key.
recalculates the statistics for the given attribute.
returns true if this node has no children.
inserts the specified column specification at the specified index.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified string.
calculates the size of the rhs.
loads a scripted command from the given input stream.
invoke a compiled command method.
computes the probabilities of the multinomial logistic regression problem.
adds a client to the internal storage.
deletes the given resource.
add export remove volume steps.
inference by gibbs sampling.
removes the given dbg token from the table.
adjust the min / pref sizes for components that span multiple columns.
parses the file and calls the listener with the parsed events.
states that an escape sequence is either an ascii escape sequence or an ascii escape sequence.
gets the network parameters for the given id.
add certificates and crls from a certstore.
store the body of this message.
find the angle between two points.
appends whitespace to the writer.
clears the resource index for the given resource type name.
serializes this message to a byte array.
generates a list of periods representing the days, weeks, and days that are on the same day
returns the set of labels associated with this match pattern.
resets the unread counts for all rooms in the given section.
adds a category to the list of categories.
callobjectmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns an object.
tries to send all other messages to all connected hosts sorted by their delivery probability.
make a color from the press color.
stream. of ( list [ ] ) - > stream. of ( list [ ] ).
caches the client user id for the given internal id.
returns matching node or null if none.
utility method to query the modifier flags of this member.
receives an image and processes it.
generate the document.
returns the cellid corresponding to the given face, i, j.
updates the enabled / disabled state of the actions depending on the state of the project.
closes the underlying stream.
truncates the given number if it is too long.
returns true if the time micros is within epsilon of comparison.
returns the histogram of the data.
creates a weekday label.
appends the given path to the end of the current path.
returns the index within this string of the first occurrence of the specified substring within this string.
submit ( null callable ) throws nullpointerexception.
read a signed 32 - bit value.
add a directive to the preprocessor.
formats a long into a string.
clears the lapped results.
filter out elements that do not have a property with provided key.
adds an attribute value to an existing user.
copies the input stream to the output stream.
prints the members of the inner class.
initialize the basic variables and rows.
invoked when a mouse button has been released on a component.
free space on windows.
attach a sip header to the header table.
returns a g2p method for the phonemise word at the given position.
stops the process with the given exit code.
create a state object for testing.
returns a hashcode for the specified object.
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one.
asserts that the actual pivot field and value are equal.
returns a string representation of this object.
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer.
traverses the given directory tree calling the given visitor for each found file.
highlight all hashtags in the text.
process a single block of input from the array in to the out array.
gets the topic for a command.
checks that an array of null elements is not null.
executes a http get request.
test against the " void setseed ( byte [ ] ) " method ; it checks out that
flips an image vertically.
creates a new morfologikfilterfactory.
executes the callable, wrapping checked exceptions in a runtimeexception if necessary.
pads the given string to the left.
returns a hash code value for this object.
creates a unix terminal with the default character set.
returns true if the cell at rowindex and columnindex is editable.
check if there are any stream info that are not valid or online.
add a package name to the priority packages list.
invoked when an action occurs.
verifies a certificate against a collection of crls.
this method is called via reflection from the database.
creates a new audiocapabilities object.
returns true if the edge labels should be rotated.
creates an extension responsecode.
creates the test values for the inverse cumulative probability distribution.
appends the string representation of the boolean argument to this string buffer.
deletes a set of servers.
sorts the specified range of the array using the given comparator.
report a fatal error.
add a terminal to the set.
create a zk node and all its children recursively.
stop recording and quit.
writes a tag to the underlying stream.
returns the hash code value for this object.
creates a new type variable.
iterates from this number down to the given number, inclusive, decrementing by one each time
adds a raw select clause element.
remove listener for pv changes.
return true if the gts value is normal ( i.
creates a new instance.
parse a string representation of a repository expression.
closes this reader. this implementation releases the buffer used for the pipe and notifies all threads
adds a section to the list of sections.
loads a genome relationships file.
parses the version string into an int [ ].
computes the type of the data model.
returns true if the two numbers are within the specified tolerance of each other.
loads a json model from the given js file.
splits a line into a string.
creates the volume data.
convert a linkedhashmap to an object.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns null if remblock does not contain any instructions of startblock.
checks to see if an error has occurred.
splits the document into pages of the given size.
validates a set of auth schemes.
converts a uuid string to a uuid object.
reads the next line of input from the scanner.
decode a base64 string.
creates a red gradient with the given width and height.
returns a list of matches for the given text.
creates a new node in the graph and returns its uuid.
asserts that the delivery states for each delivery group match the expected state.
creates a compilescope for all facets in the specified files.
write a bitmap to a file.
parses the given text into a sentence.
replace a child element with a new child element.
gets the hash code for the specified multi - key.
flushes the output stream.
adds an entry to the entryinfolist.
updates the sliding state.
flushes the current vcf record to the writer.
instantiates a new video stream.
compares this string to the specified string.
flushes the output stream.
start the server in a separate daemon thread.
evaluates the pagination settings for the specified entity class.
creates a new collector.
deregisters a service provider.
creates a new comparator.
update the value of an item in the series.
writes an float field value.
base64 - decode the given data.
return a path for a scroll bar button.
removes all views from the adapter.
returns true if the given mobile is a valid phone number.
converts an error message to an error message.
returns the hyperbolic sine of the number.
adds a notification to the adapter.
returns true if the attributes have been modified.
returns ignoredescriptor for given method.
select a random k - dimensional array from the given source.
draw the message size.
grabs the arguments from a method signature.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # enginecreatessl ( ) javax. net. ssl
process the given events.
resets the candidate list to its initial state.
redefines the attribute value.
stores a long value at the specified position.
delete replication sets from a recoverpoint protection system.
moves to the next frame in the queue.
like datainputstream. readlong except little endian.
tests meta data getters.
discovers the log implementation for the given category.
creates a new via header.
returns a string representation of this object.
resolves the parameters for the given executable.
returns true if the character is a valid name character.
returns true if the specified character is a valid start character for an id.
returns a hash code value for this object.
instantiates a new command handler enum.
tells whether a given type is a float.
invoked when component has been resized.
creates a new argument.
removes the specified element from this list, starting at the specified position.
removes a model from the list of models.
read a map from a file.
computes the hoeffding smoothed normal distribution.
called before the scroll view is scrolled.
tests whether the local instances are deterministic.
adds a new match to the set of matches.
resets the tech tree to its initial state.
asserts that the consumer throws an exception of the specified type.
returns true if all nodes, ways, and relations are empty.
asserts that a boolean value is true.
creates a new converter.
this method is called after the init ( ) method has been called.
attempts to attempt a retry on an exception.
sorts a file in batches using the default maxtempfiles.
adds a directory set to the tinydb.
returns highest node. this node might not be in range, so most usages need to check
adds the id repo amsdk service to the realm.
this method is called when a key is pressed.
checks if is hierachic.
paints a portion of a highlight.
receives a char from the pipe.
convert a byte buffer to a byte buffer.
writes a single byte to an outputstream.
this method is used to process the local files.
generates the screen on or off utternace.
resets the timer to start at the current time.
reads an integer from the input stream.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
addissuer ( x500principal principal ) method testing.
adds a transformation to the transformation registry.
returns true if the file has been modified since the specified time stamp and size.
returns the characters up to the next close quote character.
read the lyrics3 tag.
computes the result of the kernel evaluation on the given vectors.
checks if the db configuration is present.
check if a numerical run is incomplete.
generate java script log alert close window.
returns the best parse for state " state ", starting at " start " and ending at "
parses the given dom element.
calculates the distance between two points.
description of the method.
returns a string with the given string padded to the given number of characters.
registers an error result code.
adds all the elements of the other set to this set.
start capturing video.
creates a new resourceloaderlicenselocator.
returns true if the exception is intended to be thrown by the given class.
initializes the registry with the given types.
adds a notificationlistener to a mbean.
subtract two numbers of the same length and different signs.
consume messages from the kafka consumer.
deletes a service from the servicebyattr map.
java. security. interfaces. algorithmparameters # init ( byte [ ] enc, string g )
returns true if a class literal is possible.
loads the log file for the given license.
creates a new htmlparser object.
update a user.
computes the likelihood of the document for the given tag.
returns a string representation of this object.
gets the value of safemode.
tests comparebyteswithoffset and comparebyteswithlength ( int, byte [ ], int,
adds the last data item to the list.
returns true if the user has localized messages.
create a dockerimage from an image name.
listen for a set of channel names.
deletes a directory recursively.
delete empty folders.
perform an asynchronous sum operation.
write ( byte [ ] b, int off, int len ) method testing.
parse a xml document from a string.
check if the volume is part of a production journal.
test for bug [ 11818 ], column name contains pound symbol in column name.
decode an escaped string into a string.
waits before next poll.
computes the length of each line of the anno text.
writes an image map to the specified print writer.
adds a message to the import note.
returns a string representation of this object.
converts a collection of objects to a list of strings.
returns the minimum element of the given iterable.
reads bytes into an array.
append a string onto the vector.
consolidates a list of itemstacks into a list of itemstacks.
returns how many days ago time was ( in milliseconds ).
checks to see if a character is a valid wwxml character.
xor for zero and zero.
perform the given action on the next emission.
java. util. arrays # fill ( char [ ], int, int, char, char
add missing values to the dataset.
insert records in batches.
removes the listener from the list of listeners that will be notified when the tabs are selected.
create a new connecturimanager.
add volumes to parking storage group.
convert the specified string to an input stream, encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding.
has the user chosen to export to pkcs # 8?.
generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key.
creates a new number tick.
checks if is running and cache is not null.
log the message at the specified level with the specified color.
returns if modifier is public.
create a user preferences map from a genericvalue.
append a string to the json object.
deletes the user with the given username from the authenticationinfo.
logs an error message.
removes the given processor from the list of processors.
returns the animation type associated with the given view holder.
append a string onto the vector.
returns true if the method is contained in the list of wrapper methods.
deletes a node from the graph.
responds to the update button.
returns a string representation of this object.
checks if the class is statically accessible.
computes the result of the kernel evaluation on the given vectors.
returns the size of the batch.
decodes an array of base64 encoded bytes into an array of bytes.
clears the scrap heap and recycles all cached views.
adds a dataset to this dataset.
the end of an element.
creates a new instance of vlcaudiooutput.
adds the child at the specified index to the display list.
computes the minimum path sum for a 2 - dimensional array of paths.
constructs a time object from a java date / time object.
creates a new dviewport dialog.
simple determinizes the given automaton.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
adds a column to the table.
checks to see if a numbervector is a na - ns vector.
fills the stringbuilder with spaces starting at the given offset.
open the file for writing.
calculates kernel value of vectors x and y.
closes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
writes a list of files to a file destination.
mark all classes as internal classes.
returns the cosine of the cosine of the value.
computes the ss error.
returns the number of prefixes.
appends the value to the writer.
convert a date time to a timestamp string.
returns the value of the attribute with the specified name.
copies the contents of this byte array into the specified byte array starting at the specified index.
imports a key into the keystore.
creates a new connection group tree representing the given connection group.
returns true if the given reader contains a single metric.
separe meta tags content.
removes the specified columns from this table.
reads the service configuration.
refreshes the trigger keys.
adds the type mirror to the list of inherited types.
multiply histogram by scalar.
adds a map of cache participants to the cache.
converts a map to a json string.
prints the message and the context to the specified print stream.
returns the number of methods in this class.
store a request id in the request ids map.
saves the mnipost manage name id.
go to the update page.
creates a new element with the given scope and unit.
converts a collection of files to a list of relative paths.
ensures that the security manager is set.
get rate from conversion date.
performs the interaction between the client and the server.
creates a unique engine id.
parse referential rules from xml.
this method is called when the w3c dom document is created.
adds an issue to the transformation.
inserts a child node at the specified index.
returns the ntlm hash of the given password.
checks if is between zero and one.
substitutes the macros in the string parametervalue.
raises each element of this matrix to the power of exp.
splits a class name by camel case.
selects a nodelist from a dom document using xpath.
creates a new result entry representing the specified population and typed properties.
generates xml for the locators element.
constructs a type with the specified type and sql type.
invoked when an action occurs.
apply the properties to the service.
rotates the subtree so that its root's left child becomes the new root.
adds a new node to the cluster.
checks if the given backup set exists.
converts a string to an array of strings, separated by commas.
writes a string to the stream without compression.
parses a threshold file.
shuts down the server by creating a new thread pool.
converts a point to view space.
called when the connection to the server has been made.
adds a setup descriptor.
compiles a progress success action into a string.
returns a string containing all float numbers concatenated by a specified separator.
put an unsigned byte into the specified bytebuffer at the current position.
returns the number of parameters in the given method descriptor.
returns a new trie with the same data as the given trie.
check if all permission is denied.
returns a key for all the col names.
creates a formatter for the specified locale.
wait for external store to be mounted.
push a node onto the top of this stack.
uploads apk to the device and installs it.
reads an inputstream into a byte array.
uninstalls a package without throwing an exception.
opens an audio list.
sets the names of the attributes to retrieve.
tests stepping through a range by one with a closure.
returns null if the precision of the bigdecimal does not match the allowed precision.
deserialize a xml document from a string.
appends the given parameters to the given url.
sends an event to the agent.
apply the jms filters to the filters map.
index a set of tuples with the specified field.
close outputstream without a exception.
adds a search listener.
returns true if this object represents a single attribute container.
creates a new cache span with the same key and position as this span.
opens the specified file.
toggles the selection status of the given photo.
this method is called before the next tick.
maps a char to a byte.
produce an event and return the result.
checks if the given name is a built - in keyword or built - in.
adds an issue matcher.
finds the scope for the given annotated element.
open a registry key.
removes a property change listener.
moves the iterator to the previous boundary position.
creates an instance of deferredimagereplacedelement.
indicates whether this compound name is a prefix of the specified compound name.
invokeall ( c ) returns result of all tasks in c.
instantiates a new internal listener.
signs the given hash using the private key.
constructs a time period with the given start and end time.
create the edit menu.
removes the given listener from the list of listeners.
sets the current state of the model.
returns true if the file is a bom.
checks if is signed.
parses the given text into an object.
returns the number of parts.
make a simple database from a file.
adds the file filters to the chooser.
called when the activity is being stopped.
returns the string at the current position without moving the cursor.
devuelve eliminar usuarios organo.
adds the neurons in the layer to the list of layers that are previous to the source
shiftright ( int n ), n is greater than zero.
multiplies c1 to c2.
finds the first non - whitespace character at the given index.
reads the content from the underlying input stream.
constructs a primitive value from the specified value.
creates the cash based journal entries and reversals for a savings tax.
reads a sequence of bytes from this file into the given buffer.
clears the time portion of this calendar.
returns the probability distribution function.
converts an integer to a string, and appends it to the given buffer.
draws multiple text elements in the shape.
test de busqueda active directory.
handles a key event.
returns a hash code value for this object.
removes the leading period from a string.
returns true if the given directory is one of the required configuration directories.
removes empty labels and assigns an id to each one.
rotate theta degrees about the z axis.
converts a date in milliseconds to nanoseconds.
perform an asynchronous max operation.
creates a new https resource.
create an array signature.
writes a newline to the output stream.
increases the size of the buffer by a given number of bytes.
handles an enumerated attribute.
check if we need more data to load.
adds a new worker if it's not already there.
removes the node at the head of the frontier and updates the statistics.
create a bitmap font.
returns true if the given pool is a tenured pool.
returns a simple string representation of the dataset.
executes the callable, but only if it is not an interpreter.
adds the protocol selector to the protocol dispatch selector.
adds a header to the response.
reads the skeleton from the reader.
returns a set of family names that are not monogamous.
creates a vao for the scene.
checks if the file exists and has the specified content.
load an image from the given file.
updates the status of the receipt when it was cancelled.
adds an animation to the animation manager.
cleans up the discovery state of the storage system.
initializes the classifier. reads the list of words from the file.
returns true if the given string is in the given length range.
unregisters the watcher for the given path.
add a property criteria.
removes the column with the given name.
check if an unmanaged protection set exists in the database.
writes a string to a byte array.
check the result of a query.
atomically updates the current value with the results of applying the given function to the current and given values
closes the window.
returns true if the specified load balancer should be moved.
converts any throwable objects to their message equivalents.
creates a new raf at the specified location.
adds the given minutes to the list of values and labels.
recompose the values of a variable or parameter declaration.
this method gets called when a bound property is changed.
returns a copy of the array, but only if the array is not sorted.
executes a sql update.
draw a normal text string.
this method is called when the database has been initialized and is ready for use.
adds the given indices to this index set.
returns true if the cookie is secure.
loads a list of objectmodels from a json stream.
create a multistepexprlist from a vector of locpathiterators.
adds the weight of the qubits to the wordlen of the channel.
updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate3 ( ). updates row with no referencing ones and
delete and insert any exceptional out blocks.
returns a space - separated string of the original string.
parse the content type from the provided bytes.
benchmark for non - caching.
add a line to the last point, beginning at the last point, and ending at the last
parses stdout and stderr to extract the content and rename conflicts.
writes the start part of the multipart request to the specified output stream.
add to actual qty.
returns true if the specified character is a vowel.
prints the stack trace of this exception to the specified print writer.
readdata - - read the state of this message from the input stream.
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
builds a row of components.
adds additional elements to the target.
add a cubic bezier curve to the path.
divide : rounding mode is round_up, result is negative.
opens the counter data input stream.
creates a new compositepredicate.
reads the next word from the tokenizer.
appends the given string to the given stringbuffer.
tests if a file exists.
builds the associations from the given data.
replaces the first occurrence of a substring with another string.
this class should not be instantiated.
add an object to the object list.
returns the first child element of the given element whose name is one of the given child element names
main entry point for the applet.
returns the hash code of the string.
tests the functionality of the method, which allows to add all helper text colors, which are contained
normalizes each value in the array by dividing each value by the maximum value.
writes a message to a file.
returns a hash code value for this object.
returns a random number between [ start, end ).
writes a byte array.
called when the configuration has changed.
returns a keymap instance for the specified key.
returns true if the name is a gm - style name.
Transforms a string that represents a uri into something more proper, by adding or canonicalizing the
deletes the mapping with the specified key from this map.
adds the whole match to the string builder.
start the processing. this method should be called from the worker thread.
convert a single row to an array of objects.
removes all characters from a string.
adds all columns to the select statement.
copy the content of an input stream to an output stream.
check and setup streams drawer.
java. math. bigdecimal # readvalue ( java. lang. string, java. math
copy a component from one resource to another.
computes the zeta constant needed for an approximation of a zeta distribution
calculates the total pending advance amount.
load profile of a user.
scrolls the list by the specified amount.
returns true if the given symbol needs quoting.
parses the commit counter file.
loads a xml document from a file.
creates a new empty floating comment.
check if the given assign id is a hod department.
set the mode to single label mode for the given languages.
match a statspec against this file.
assigns the cluster numbers to all the children.
closes the current subpath.
create a new tv show episode scrape task.
save selection from minitable.
creates a new mnotif.
cleans up a build task.
creates a temporary directory under the given parent directory.
move the rectangle to a new location.
send an event to the client.
handle a pressed header column.
creates a number of fixed records.
adds attributes to the query if they don't already exist.
recompose the value of the attribute sets.
split a string on a regular expression.
deletes a directory and all its contents.
specialized variant of findnode to get last valid node.
append data to nal unit.
returns the size in bytes of a directory including all subdirectories.
pans the view provided by this display by the given distance in absolute ( dx, dy )
verifies that the given serialized object is equal to its hashcode.
returns the url of the reference guide.
computes the mean of the elements in the list.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
creates an input stream from the given url.
enable fullscreen after load.
convert html entity to string.
write a vector of bytes.
unlock user interface. called from the worker before processing.
build a map of uri - > storagesystem.
password based encryption using aes - cbc 256 bits.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
called when the component is being removed from the ui.
returns true if the connection is secure.
samples the given record.
prepares a tenant create param.
force an internal error to throw an internal error.
draws a highlight for the node.
returns an instance of the encoder for the specified format.
apply a pinchzoom to an imageview.
parses a file option, uses default if option is missing.
returns true if acct balance is balanced.
ensures that the receiver can hold at least the specified number of elements without needing to allocate
returns the detail base for the given method.
closes the output stream.
locks the window.
creates a new statement.
deletes an entry from the index.
switch to setup dialog.
load client object by oidc authorization request.
adds a field property.
parses the nowildcard pattern.
returns a map of baggage environment variables.
the graphical representation of a series.
listen for modlog messages.
returns true if the given class name is a valid class name.
called when the clock gets a new minute.
checks if data collection scan job scheduling is needed.
removes a set of breakpoints from the breakpoint manager.
replaces the creation template for the given guid.
read object from stream.
adds the specified item at the end of the set.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
creates a new cluster server.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
minimalcompletionstage returns non - null, non - null, normally.
writes the directory post resource.
trims an array to be exactly the target a size.
returns the potion type corresponding to the given name.
removes a mesh from the list of curlmeshes.
sample n - best lists.
posts a runnable to the event handler.
returns true if the underlying map is closed.
inserts a think time step.
adds an instruction to the tree.
ensures that the buffer can hold at least the given number of bytes.
removes the given name from the list of names.
read a collection of pojos from an input stream.
adds an entity to the list of entities targeted by swarms.
checks if a checkpoint with the given key exists.
creates an omgraphics object.
copies the given inputstream to the given outputstream.
writes the header of the document.
parses a string from the stream.
generate code to unwrap a return value.
formats an html link.
constructs a new jsonexception wrapping the specified cause.
check if any of the strings in the utils array are valid tools.
initialize the loader. this method should be called after creating the loader.
returns an array of all files in the given directory.
appends the string representation of all of the children of this edit to the given string buffer,
encodes an integer using vlq encoding into an appendable.
removes the overlay for the given cell.
removes the idx - th foreign key.
inserts the string representation of the int argument into this string buffer.
adds a gefaehrdungen to the list of gefaehrdungen
returns a normalized version of the given classpath string.
creates a new assequence with the given object as the first element.
push a new value onto the top of this stack.
converts the given node to a string conversion.
updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate7 ( ). attempts to set incorrect foreign key value
executes the history read operation.
validates the scheme and the vm id.
called when the writer has finished writing.
convert an offset to a physical address.
an internal entity declaration.
checks if the user is authorized to perform the operation.
returns the next element in the list.
add messages to the player's messages queue.
registers a function to be called when the permission is rationalized.
creates a new genericprincipal object.
compares this crl with another, for equality.
returns a random number between 0 ( inclusive ) and 1 ( exclusive ).
converts a septets array into an octet stream.
creates a new action object.
gets the height of a specified marker.
consume a batch of messages from a group.
calculates the euclidean distance between two instances.
finds all identicalas subj subj subj's subj's subj '
re - creates the full text index for all tables and triggers.
returns a dot representation of the graph.
resize the tables if necessary.
returns true if there is a next inet socket address in the list.
convert percentile level iterated to x value.
extracts the queue name from the db name.
returns the id of the symbol with the given type, id, and context.
returns the angle between the current touch point and the touch point.
read a 16 - bit unsigned value from the data at the given offset.
remove quotes encolosing options from a file.
generates a label for the specified series.
returns true if the given strings match the given pattern.
adjusts the preferred size of the font based on changes made to the preferred size of the font
finds the field with the given name and descriptor.
creates a new instance, based on the supplied date / time and time zone.
instantiates a new util.
associate the given value with the specified key.
reads the boolean value from the json array for specified index.
generates the instruction to auto - boxing the given field.
open pdf file.
this method is the entry point for the tool.
waits for a match in the arena.
construct a list of signatures that cover a single partition.
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number, n > bitlength ( ).
returns the index of the first non - whitespace character after the last newline character.
calculates the coordinates of the glyph.
returns a java. util. date from a julian date.
removes the last element, if it matches.
recursively serializes an rdf struct.
computes the utility table for the query variable.
converts a list of strings to an array of floats.
move to the next image in the list.
loading method. ( see nbt_tag ).
finds the best insertion.
writes a short ( 16 bit ) to the target stream.
returns true if the pool manager has been initialized.
this method is called when the user clicks the register button.
registers the given subject for extra valid subjects.
trims a line of text.
computes the 2 - dimensional euclidean distance between two points.
appends an instruction to a fmb.
returns an iterator over the ordered list.
verifies that a set of domains is not in use.
filter out points that intersect the circle intersections.
init without junit.
returns the serialization type for the given annotation.
convert the input stream to the output stream.
returns map containing a single entry.
writes a character array.
load a synthesis voice.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
add an incremental classifier listener.
read a 4 - bit float.
generates a collection of certificates from the given input stream.
returns true if the files exist on the destination directory but not on the source directory.
convert an order expression into a logical sort or project expression.
moves a block to a random location within the tick range.
update the purchase information.
configures the message label.
removes all limit lines.
remove all of the elements from the set.
helper method to create a meteringregion for a normalized display coords.
flushes this stream to ensure all pending data is written out to the target stream.
constructs a vector from a double array.
overrides the visitor to set the access level for the inner class.
convert longitude to pixel value.
returns true if the world file values appear to be geographic.
stores a value in the given register.
remove a remote session.
returns a string representation of this vector.
returns an iterator over the children of this page.
enables metrics for the server by setting " opt - out " to true in the config file and
creates a new hmac instance from the given key.
checks if this builder starts with the specified string.
write part of an array of bytes.
return true if the class was loaded from the application src / directory.
process a ldif file.
prints progress for a given row.
release the lock on a remote object.
load positions from the database.
creates and returns a check box with the specified text and icon.
adds a batch of requests as completed to the database.
dequeues an output buffer.
creates a jobdefinition with the given parameters.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
stores given long value.
creates a minimal split of numfolds folds.
sign an xml document.
displays the popup window for the editor.
create a new abstractsdfwriter.
guesses the best firing plan under heat.
create a volumegrouprestrep object from a volumegroup instance.
post a list of files.
clears the searchables list.
adds a listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when the user presses the
adds the specified number of ingredients to the recipe.
get the order by.
find a clone of the given key in the clone list.
convert a string to a byte array using the specified encoding.
returns true if the specified string looks like a background repeat.
this method is called before the test is run.
adds a metacharacterset to the metacharacterset and replaces it with the replacement string
do the actual lookup.
finds the history for the given job.
quotes the given character.
update the list of pending landmarks.
returns a string representation of this object.
draws an indicator for overflow.
write a line of values to the file.
returns true if the input stream starts with " pem ".
create a new closelistener.
specifying the routing of the document to send the request.
receives a packet from the network.
deletes an attribute at the given position ( 0 to numattributes ( ) - 1 ).
adds labels for a specific locale to the index.
wraps a key in a byte array.
instantiates a new java plugin loader.
add a separator line.
tests whether the save location exists.
loads the raw modules from the database.
writes the data for this segment to the stream in valid jpeg format.
returns a random integer between 0 ( inclusive ) and the specified value ( exclusive ).
converts a map of properties to their types.
parses a register information message.
constructs a thread factory with the specified name prefix.
unit test for an uin metric.
add a server transaction to the hash.
sleeps for the specified number of milliseconds, retrying if necessary.
test split and join of nested pipe properties.
test for [ jackson - 1, jackson - 2, jackson - 2 ].
is this a busy event?.
parse a base64 encoded bytes into a bytearrayoutputstream.
resets the bandwidth and the current connection quality.
tests whether a single security role is correctly merged into an empty descriptor.
decodes a full revision operation.
removes all child nodes of the given node.
unlinks node p with predecessor trail.
returns the mix of the two specified friction values.
serializes an object to a string.
compile a szr instruction.
checks if native volume expansion is supported for the given vplex volume.
updates the gui fields from the rosterentry.
convert a number to omega.
returns a copy of this terminalsize with the specified size.
returns true if gzip compression is allowed.
create a new replayprocessor.
called when a list of conversations is shown.
reads a single octet from the input stream.
enqueues a job to be run.
testbit ( int n ) of a positive n.
receive notification of the start of an element.
draws a string using the current font.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
update the nonce parameters.
matches all virtual pools with all virtual pools.
calculates the fee for a given player.
adds the current search history.
trims a list of source files.
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array, with the given string as a separator
writes a short to the underlying output stream.
sets the order by fields.
create a stemmedstring from two strings.
creates a new lognetworkstreammerger.
pack an array of cipher suites into a single string.
creates a new instance of extensionfilefilter.
ensures that the tuple array is large enough.
returns true if the argument is an argument, false otherwise.
removes all children of the given node of the given type.
sets the value of this mutable object to the given value.
returns true if the given savepoint is a valid savepoint.
sets the columns for the given resultset to the given tableeditor.
writes a collection of strings to a file.
removes all elements from the list.
resets uid validity to the current time.
writes a ogg page header to the given buffer.
handle a static site request.
removes the given room.
discharges an itemstack by amount.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this queue.
adds the specified collection at the end of the receiver.
returns true if the specified feature is enabled.
gets the backup partitions for the given node.
set the image to load.
builds the ptr transform matrix.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
create a bidi for a line.
returns true if the caller is valid for the package passed as argument.
paints the background of an internal frame title pane.
add a graph listener.
restarts the patches and installs them.
aligns the real and pred arrays.
check if product is in category.
creates new form allstatstablemulti.
appends the contents of a file to the directory.
returns a list of white space strings.
returns true if the name is a scoped name.
instantiates a new input.
loads a configuration file.
prints a boolean field.
renders the views in textual representation.
removes all listeners from the list.
loads an audiomap from the given xml file.
adds a generic attribute.
adds fahrt info to the fahrzeit events.
creates a new instance of the given class without a service loader.
check that the given uuid is valid.
prepares the stream for writing.
this method is called from the worker thread.
writes the default serializable fields of this object to a stream.
creates an iv from a literal value.
adds a header to the request.
adds a leaf atom as a child of this node.
cumulative density function of the normal distribution.
removes the result with the given name.
adds a new entry to the filter.
mod two numbers of different length and different signs.
creates a new dexportkeypair dialog.
returns the bigdecimal sum of the given sql expression.
calculates the offset for the x axis.
called when the activity has finished.
writes a bundle to a temporary file and compares the lines of the bundle.
adds a number of days to the current year.
creates a temporary file for the given mime type.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
removes an entry object from the dataset at the specified index.
runs a read test with the given compression mode.
closes given resource logging possible checked exception.
removes the specified element from this queue if it is equal to the specified element.
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height, and with new zero
returns the command line arguments for the scheduler.
adds a solrinputdocument to this request.
executes the next phase of this key agreement with the given key and returns the result of the
creates a new instance of simplesystempermissionset.
add a bezier curve to the shape.
reads the current set of buckets from the sharedpreferences and stores them in mbuckets
returns the next character in the stream.
accept an app offer.
verifies that the given public key is signed with the given signature provider.
builds the activity scope graph and injects all required dependencies.
waits for the thread to request a write.
reads a date value from the input stream.
removes a listener from the list that is notified when the user changes the selection.
writes an integer to the output stream in hexadecimal format.
reads the contents of an inputstreamreader into a string.
convert a list of type parameters to a list of type parameters.
unix free space command.
reads all bytes from the given input stream and closes the stream.
returns true if within two moves of node n.
creates a new penntreebankreader.
this method is called when an unexpected ss message is received.
closes the write half of the stream.
apply a rowchangedata object to the database.
normalizes a namedlist by removing all whitespace from the beginning and end of each element.
returns true if the value is infinite.
create a log segment for inprogress transactions.
adds a new value to the series.
receive a redundancy packet.
output the doctype declaration.
returns true if the vector is valid, i.
returns a url with the given base url and target string.
returns the depth of the subtree rooted at the given node.
converts a string path to an array of urls.
adds the final stack to the recipe.
fire a connection closed event to all registered listeners.
stores int value into object volatile mode.
creates a new numberstrategy.
creates a uri from a set of server inet addresses.
creates a new plot navigator.
add a new column to the table.
instantiates a new point comparator.
adds an element to the xml document.
flushes the buffer to the underlying output stream.
adds the specified character at the front of this list.
adds an instance of class name.
reads bytes from the encoder output stream.
returns true if the window is displayed expecting components.
processes the start of a test run tag.
inserts a character at the specified offset in this styled string.
adds a proto element to the list of roots.
expands to the specified element or tree path and selects the widget.
appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided float value.
creates a new svn instance based on the given configuration.
ensures that the size of the canvas is at least as big as the maxwidth or as
returns true if the given charsequence is normalized, according to the given normalization form and the option
returns a string representation of this object.
un - escape som characters in the given string.
saves the given column entity in async mode.
reads the copy state from the given input stream.
insert a " name " before the current element.
redeems the specified token.
lighten a color by a given factor.
returns a string representation of the operand size.
gets the file name of a class.
write a process variable to the file.
asserts that a qualified name is set.
formats the float array d.
pack an int [ ] with a string.
removes the viewpoints at the given indices.
clears all onpagechangelisteners.
updates the background color based on the breakpoint condition text.
remove a view from the list of ignored views.
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream.
returns true if the leased resource is still valid.
returns the maximum number of elements that can be filled before rehashing.
clears all categories, titles, and values.
toggles whether the section at the given index is selected.
combines a list of files into a single file.
stop scrolling instance.
execute in1 + in2.
creates a new fixed - length response.
returns the next element without consuming it.
replaces the end point with the default endpoint.
make a path that is ok to draw the marker.
adds a member name / value pair.
adds whitespace to each element in the list.
computes the fully qualified name of the widget that represents the given widget node.
processes the ftyp atom.
parses a string into a map of name / value pairs.
executes a http delete against the given url and asserts that the response status code is the
computes the log sum of the running weights.
creates a copy of this categoricaltable.
creates a sub - configuration with the given prefix and key prefix.
maps a set of service names to their display name.
create a new intcolumn.
returns a string representation of this object.
checks if there is any work to be done and cancels the task if so.
add a bitmap to the bitmap queue.
adds the given listener to the list of after server start listeners.
returns the number of bytes that can be read.
constructs a relationnotification object.
this method will be used to add data to store.
returns true if the local host or domain is equal to the given host.
computes the entropy of the data set.
save working instances to file q.
calculates and sets the bar color.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
adjusts the spacing based on the current block's alignment.
generate code for this field.
creates a forward planner for the dialogue system.
adds a button with the given text and alignment to the given container.
returns true if no match for the specified tag in the attributes.
returns a string representation of the business object data key.
creates the talk usage.
finds the enclosing call for the given method name.
generate an iso image using the ovfenv prop file.
create an actionable event.
instantiates a new rational.
removes all notifications of the specified type.
unify the rule by using an atomic parent atom.
adds a uuid to a ssf node.
returns the offset of an object field.
returns the xml representation of this object.
dispose - set the run button to false.
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array of sources
shuts down the server thread and sessions.
returns true if the given string is a valid local id.
binds to the server socket.
checks whether interrupt while waiting or throws an exception.
resets the output builders.
writes the carriers to a file.
removes a listener from the list of listeners that will be notified when new events are received.
test that the manifest file contains a main activity.
informs the user of a similar name.
write the header to the file.
returns the java vendor for the build.
constructs a voice result with the given match and confidence.
inserts this node into its tree, starting at the specified node, in the specified subtree.
adds a category to the tree.
add a listener to receive notifications about drawer events.
edit an existing note.
adds a new entry to the entry list.
unhide the action bar.
formats a time delta.
deconvolve a set of points using a given rate.
collapses newlines in the given string.
readObject is called to restore the state of the object from a stream.
calculates the total of values in a column of the given data table.
opens an analysis file.
method for beancontextmembership interface.
processes the given item.
remove instances from containers.
draws a normal message ( i.
kill a locomotive consist.
starts listening on the key.
parses a bitmask into a set of flags.
verifies the given signature bytes.
adds a match string.
returns a string describing the time elapsed since the specified time.
converts a hexadecimal string into a byte array.
stops tracking a job.
returns the coefficient of variance.
returns a string representation of the polynomial.
instantiates a new skeleton version checker.
upgrades an attribute to a new schema.
convert a dalvik canonical name ( e.
emits a code chunk that ensures a collection field.
unregisters a client from the cache.
replace double quotes in the given resource with single quotes.
allocates a new container with the specified capacity and padding percentage.
check if uri represents local resource.
waits for the given obb file path to be mounted.
is this a zone level resource?.
validates that a message of the given type matches the expected type and the payload.
close all the databases.
calculates the md5 hash of a byte array.
runs the metastore compare job.
deletes sub people containers.
test of findrecentmessageuidsinmailbox method, of class org.
queues an event to be run.
adds an error message to the error messages list.
ensures that the buffer can hold at least the target size.
writes a new key - value pair.
executes the query and returns the result as a string.
returns true if the two links have the same stats.
generate a sanitized id.
remove a provider from the list.
parses an element and returns its value.
formats a money object into a string.
delete an instance of an entryclass.
reads the settings from the configuration file.
logs a warning message.
reads the contents of an inputstream and returns it as a string.
creates a new vector of the specified size with the specified preset.
unregister a transaction service listener.
sort an array of integers.
tests whether the model class is consistent.
find and init map bean.
removes all layers from the map.
returns the number of productions.
create a full path with the given acl and data.
writes out this object to a stream ( i.
compares this q to another, for equality.
constructs an instance of this class.
adds an event to the log.
removes a membership listener.
adds a message to the given uri.
present the final image on the screen/viewport.
increment a calendar by one day.
pushes an angular object to the local or remote registry.
removes the elements at the specified indexes from the specified list.
creates a new panel object.
determine if the expression consists of object words.
interpolates the value based on the current time and the zoom level.
request mods for all joined channels.
returns true if the specified value is contained in this set.
renames a file to a new name.
exits with the given exit code if the formatter returned a non - success exit code.
removes the specified sensor from this sensor selection model.
prints a single way.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns the full path of the given managed object.
returns true if there is another proxy in the list.
returns true if no object was clicked on.
returns a hash code for this object.
sets the measurement mappings.
extracts a zip file to a directory.
creates a new configuration from the given file.
creates new form gotolinedialog.
sends a teardown request.
parses more data from the encoded image.
tests simple ear ping.
returns the length of the array.
compares this prefix with another, for equality.
notify that the wifi state has changed.
checks if an array key with the given value exists in the map.
removes the specified diagram change listener.
creates a new connectivitygrid or retrieves an existing one.
strip leading dollar from a string.
clears the host context.
constructs a new p - value.
creates the chart and shows it.
accepts a data point and processes it.
subtracts the other namedrangeset from this one.
creates and starts a tailer for the given file.
is operating system mac?.
returns the number of values in this array.
creates new dviewcrl dialog where the parent is a dialog.
trims the right side of a string.
add a message to the fifo.
disposes of this object.
returns the signed distance between this point and p_point.
expands a real number into a list of words.
zeros - fill an array with zeros.
submit a permission request.
test the setting of a properties on a deployable.
instantiates a new navi logger.
creates a new delete - object command for a set relation.
remove cycles from the graph.
returns a string representation of the given matrix.
find the ancestor node of the match pattern.
kill the process. this method closes the stdin and destroys the process.
encodes the contents of the character buffer into a newly allocated byte buffer.
creates a metrics object with the given dimension map.
resolves a class using the specified class descriptor.
checks if the specified point is inside this creature.
adds an integer to the buffer.
returns true if anti - aliasing is enabled.
below method will be used to load level files from disk.
validates a zero long file.
saving method. ( see nbt_tag ).
apply mask to value.
computes the duration of the timer.
handle the nitf header of a rpf file.
takes a screenshot of the current page and returns it as a bufferedimage.