method that returns the current depth of the traversal.
compute the union size of two bitsets.
handles a closing event when the user presses the " close " button in the filter.
returns a description of the classifier model.
creates the union of this sector and the specified sector.
this is used to determine if two floating point numbers are equal.
integer value of a positive bigdecimal.
recursivelly walks through the specified directory.
get an array of column values for a given field in a tupleset.
divide : throws illegalargumentexception if not represented by an invalid bigdecimal.
configures the range axes of all subplots based on the data objects corresponding to the specified dataset
schedules a packing plan from a source file to a lib directory.
return true if this is a string type, false otherwise.
validates that a sql statement is not blank and has a valid index in the statement list
converts to object array.
is this logger instance enabled for debugging?.
make the player use a missile if it is a range weapon ( depending on the
creates a new matcher based on the provided network configuration.
recursively determine the max levels of the subtree v ( subtree rooted at root ).
request that the user enter a pass code.
adds the given worker to the list of failed workers.
insertfunctionalitytest # test_insert4 ( ). inserts multiple rows using union all
writes a new map entry in the json stream for the specified local file id.
receive notification of the end of an element.
send a log message via wtf.
delete all the leaves with the given name.
returns a string representation of this vector.
checks to see that all the characters in an array are in the generous set.
removes a previously registered shutdown hook.
bounds the current scroll if necessary, and returns true if the scroll is unchanged.
checks to see if all the volumes in a given cgrequest are visible and if so,
override this to start additional services in order to support other classes in order to achieve this
update the view according to the current input element.
paints the image on the provided graphics object.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied
returns true if the name is prefixed ( contains the':'character ).
close any connection that has already been released.
adds actions to the quickactionview.
adds a simple renderer to the list of renderers for a simple series.
copies input stream to output stream, fires progress event if stop loading, or if stop
calculates the angle based on the current value.
return a byte buffer to the pool.
creates a new instance.
returns a new charseq by concatenating two charseqs's from this charseq and
this servlet responds to get requests with either a text and a video id.
notify the listener that a state change has occurred.
test for getorder ( ) method.
formats and logs a message with a throwable.
constructs the redis key used to store the queue in redis.
returns a string that is a copy of the string s with the given charset.
adds a restricted domain to the list of restricted domains.
create a new instance.
javax. sql. rsmd # isautomatically ( int ) test that fails to set
copy the contents of the byte array to the output stream.
returns true if the list is empty, or false if not empty.
render the frame, passing the image data to it, passing the meta data to it.
check to see if a string is a valid ncname according to [ 4 ] in the
appends a new message to the end of this list, in the order that they are
prepares the dataset required for running test cases.
builds the service registrar from the existing set of proxy registers.
parses the given string value as a boolean, returning true if it's a valid
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
removes all rules and info from this recurrence.
copy nodelist members into this nodelist, adding in document order.
check if there is any data that needs to be fetched again.
returns a new document type with the given name, public id, and system id.
returns a serialized representation of the receiver as a byte array.
converts the given style name into an enum value, using the specified css class.
get the avc / au value for the given stream uid, or - 1 if no
creates a map of exportmask's id to their exportmask instance.
inserts the element into this array2 at the specified index.
write out a component, but don't scale it.
adds a source to the cache, if this node wasn't already present in the cache
updates the progress bar.
copy a inputstream to a outputstream.
calls the'sox'command to fade out of an audio file of the specified type
draw into the specified canvas at the beginning of the edge.
load properties from the given classes.
add zero to a number.
fix the gps field, if it's not already set.
determines if the given cell consumes the given event type.
read a byte of data.
creates the vertical axis for the y - axis.
get the maximum value of the time series.
prints a textfile to the specified file.
extend the set of groundings by the alternative rules of this grounded with the rules of
return the next token for the pattern, throwing an exception if none can be found.
test that get table types returns the same order as the order in which the types are stored
gets filechannel from streamcache first if not found, then creates and stores in streamcache
removes a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view.
returns the descriptor for the given field signature.
adds the specified parameters to the request body.
turns the atomannotationinterface into an annotationclass, which can later be used as an
determines whether the provided resource id is a resource identifier for a resource that is supported
a helper method to create a map of " electronic text " tags in a context.
creates a new patternguardexpr.
compute the intersection of two lines.
method to remove the specified object class from the original set and return the set of object classes
get the current unix timestamp in milliseconds.
returns true if this is a pdf file.
draws the background of the grid and its border if it has been set.
opens a stream to an entry in the zip.
unpack the compressed character translation table.
invoked when the number of tmp files has been copied from the workspace.
returns the common pool queue for the current submitter, or null if there is none.
determines whether the specified element represents a field package private or non - private field.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_up, result is positive ; distance =
convert all codes in the string to lower case and delete the " _ " or " _
loading method. ( see nbt_tag ).
calculates the radius of the selector, which is used when setting the radius of the select
determines the width of this view.
test that we can read and put bytes into a byte array buffer efficiently.
called when a new user has been added to the rpentity.
parses a " number " [ 0 - 9 ] or " : ", which occurs
convert a list of paths with respect to a list of pixels with each pixel value represented by
decodes base64 encoded bytes contained in a string.
checks the current state of the exoplayer library for assertions and throws illegalstateexception if
slide an item from the top of the screen to the screen.
create a new mutable biginteger from the given one.
handle request sent with a wrong binding.
creates a new checkpoint manager from the given input stream.
create an index that stores an index from the store at the given checkpoint.
get liveness of this connection ( connection or database if this connection is not connected ).
inserts the given parameter value to the request.
returns the minimum required size for this layout given the components in the specified target container.
selects the item with the given position in the list.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
ignorable whitespace in the presence of attributes in the current node.
waits for the editor to be active on the page for the internal file to this page
returns the solution with the largest objective value found in the population.
convert a latm value to y value. this function will round up to 10 ap units
registers handler for receiving notifications via sms. getnotificationurl ( ) and sms. getnotification
parses a property list from an input stream.
calculates the current score function.
creates a new instance of grammaticalityestimator.
checks for a valid zone link and appends it to the out string.
checks if all elements of the double array are valid values, and throw an exception if not
processes an event from a connection.
returns the percent of values in this set that are contained in the specified range.
utility method to close a closeable object, ignoring any resulting exception.
release a pagecontext instance and remove it from the running pool.
adds a new event listener to this instance.
rebuild is required if at least one of the redundant operations is compact enough to re -
converts a string to a byte array, with leading 0x00 bytes.
load the properties from the classpath.
this is used to determine whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
parses a name / value pair from the given string with the given parser.
detect motion and trigger the appropriate action when item is pulled from the center of the page.
gets the mappingobjectobject at the specified location.
parses the given file using the given velocity and return the result as a string.
compute and return the diff between the two specified strings.
create a new domain repository with the specified name and read - only lock.
returns the number of tokens in this string.
indexes a code index document.
resets all components common to this instance.
handles an exception that occurred during processing.
reads the default serializable field values for this instance, followed by a call to beancontext.
paint the enabled arrow in the specified location.
log an exception ( throwable ) in a logger specified level.
convert a negative bigdecimal to biginteger.
call this function from your sensor when the accuracy value has been changed.
returns whether or not this parser's configuration allows trailing arguments.
setmaxcrlnumber ( biginteger maxcrl ) method testing.
show the bookmark popup menu if this is the popup trigger, otherwise do nothing.
removes a task from the tasks list, returning false if it was removed.
java. math. bigdecimal # divide ( java. math. bigdecimal, java.
ensures that the specified path exists.
load a class. if resolve is true, the class loader will be searched for the class
determines the height of this view.
returns true if the x, y - position of the list child is clipped.
creates a new instance of rules for a workspace.
writes a byte array to a file.
adds the specified item to the adapter's list.
checks if any custom messages have been received before local node and if so, adds them to
determines the number of consecutive digits that are digits.
parses the current node and returns the number of elements added.
calculate the height multiplier for the scramble image.
verify that writevalueasstring ( object [ ] ) works correctly for numeric scalars.
closes callbacks that we expect to be connected to a listener without an exception to be thrown
gets the first index of the first occurrence of the specified element in the array.
populate the profiles combo box.
read the header of the file, and throw an exception if the header is not valid.
returns the absolute value of the number.
return the map of algorithm name to the oid < p > note that this does not work
provide reflective behavior to construct instance of generator given an array of string arguments.
refills the input buffer.
checks whether this component should be inlined or not, and if so, saves the event
for a given module, updates the module service map and module list and adds it to the
determines whether there are currently tables on the current database.
transduce all examples of the given type into a list of strings.
binds the header view holder and sets it's position to the given position.
updates the line list when the horizontal line radiobutton is selected or no selected line.
draws a rectangle of given half width and half height, centered on ( x, y
refreshes the loading views size, depending on the orientation of the view being shown and the
replace the specified split element at the specified index.
called to start adding an item to an item list.
splits the initial number of splits based on the number of records per second.
invoked when the mouse has been clicked on a component.
scan the given source directory for source files, and return the list of files to include,
checks if there are any more postponed routes.
check if we have a single element selected.
constructs an igfs path from a uri.
reads a xml element attribute ans cast it to a int value.
reads the contents of a reader and returns it as a string.
add a getter for an event type to all getters for that event type.
marks the given entry as used.
if the action is successfully executed, then return " success " otherwise return " fail ".
called when a state machine comes up, so that we can excises the state machine.
registers implementing class of the signaturealgorithm with algorithmuri.
loads persistence settings from file.
returns true if the given input string contains a word - breaking character sequence.
check the interior intersections of two segmentstrings, for example, if a segment string is
removes the first occurrence of the specified object from the array.
composes two functions together, returning the result of the first unary operator after the one given
adds the column specifications for the first ( front ) cdc column to the cdc specs
converts a dot - separated name ( of class name ) into a name in java format
generates a random aes secret key.
checks the expression and throws an exception if the expression is not met.
executes the given set of non - null sql statements in the database.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
refreshes the done button.
create the migration task editor and add it to the ui.
expand number of bytes into buffer to store i bytes.
convert a decimal - dotted notation ip address to an integer.
close the cursor and remove the cursor from the map.
determines if the current position has the next substring of the given pattern.
generates the instruction to push the given integer on the stack.
returns a new node with the given name and content.
adds the specified item to the list at the specified position.
notify the listener that a connection failure.
transform the data source with the given stylesheet, and write the result to the given fop
splits the input string by the default delimiter, with the field data delimiter escaped by the configured
reads from the stream blocking until some data is available.
deletes an obligation from the state machine.
resizes the view such that it is on the right edge of the screen.
creates a compound package content object from the provided raw data and blob data.
this method checks the coverage of the subspace based on the number of attributes known to the
finds all integer values in the given comma - delimited string.
returns the index of the specified element in the specified array, or - 1 if the element
deprecated. use append ( name, value ) method instead of creating a new list from the
compares this certificate to another certificate.
appends a between statement with one and both values.
encode a string using the utf - 8 encoding scheme.
generates a map of value to the number of occurrences for the value in the provided g
compute the weight of the node and all of it's children.
instantiates a new search index.
adds a single field to retrieve.
combine two completed stages into one, combine each into one.
factory method that generates the create schema statements.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
instantiates a new stream info manager.
returns the sentence conjunction ( sentence conjunction ) with the sentences ( default conjunction ) as a sentence
determine if the instruction is a pronoun.
output the sql type for a java short.
breaks a string to multiple strings by using a separator.
write all modified favorites to the data stream.
updates the average for how long it was last called, and if there was no last time
returns a list of validationerrormessages which can be used to validate the current validation message.
creates a new instance of keystorestate.
create a new cryptoresult with the given result, and list of master keys.
invoked when the value of the slider has changed.
returns a list of strings from a delimited list, where each token in the list is the
setting up the gui in an order for the user to change the orientation of the window.
return true if the audio frame is still running, false otherwise, the audio frame is still
creates a default mosaic definition.
creates a new result result with the given node, clauses and alias set.
sets the default https socket factory to use the x509 trustmanager for all https requests.
determines if the given uicomponent is in the need of form.
add listeners to the distribution which will be used to notify the item change.
safely perform sqrt on a double.
runs a set of callable calls in parallel, using multi - threaded threads.
append a character to the buffer.
initializes the owner references for one - to - many associations.
build a query to find union of the discriminator column and the columns that are present in the
creates a star node, starting at the given point.
increase the accuracy count by the current time.
revert content of a list of files or directories to a previous commit.
returns a new array that contains all of the elements of the given arrays, in order.
constructs a taggableiterator from a line of text.
ascend the tree, if one has not been set.
returns true if this audio input stream can be read at this audio input stream.
write the contents of the buffer to the array.
called when an item has been dismissed from the list.
probability density function of a normal distribution.
sorts the specified objects in place, using the specified comparer.
register a zoom listener that will be notified of zoom events.
clears the depgraph nodes associated with a range of registers used in an instruction.
fire that an annotation has been selected.
performs an actual verification of the server evidence message, returning true if m2 is the
tell the rtf destination to handle the text.
remove the given service from the factory.
takes a reference to an attribute like " id ", " id ", or "
creates a new escaped writer.
indicates if the given date is the same as the cookie expiry date.
records the current record - will be written to disk and will be written to the screen.
checks if the method signature matches the method name and number of arguments.
remainder of division of two negative numbers.
resets this builder so that it is equivalent to the one provided.
\ brief returns : distance ( a, b ).
checks version and hosts information stored in the backup information file.
converts all of the characters in the given string to lower case.
create a negative number from a sign and an array of bytes.
creates a opus comment byte [ 0x7f ] with the given string as a
validates that the properties found in the received contain the expected values.
returns the number of elements in this list.
converts the given string to upper case.
return an iterator over all edges that are required by this knowledge graph.
unlocks the lockstate associated with the lockstate given by the argument.
produces a text box containing javadoc words, showing the above and above words in java doc
forces the given number string to be a two - digit number, and returns the string
adds a new drop menu item to the list.
finds a list of entities by their primary keys.
load workflow details and save in session.
returns the hash code value for this x509certificate.
remove the specified tag from the list of tags.
verifies the given secp256k1 signature in native code. calling when enabled =
deletes the given file ( or directory ) and all of it's sub - directories
verifies that the iterator returned has an iterator in the same order in the specified array and
formatting the finished percentage according to the current rollout state.
this function generates the host name given the vm name and host id.
transfer all data from the specified file.
unwraps incoming javascript expression ( such as awaiting a call back ).
whether or not all the segments for a given size are present.
draws the next event time difference between msginterval [ 0 ] and msginterval [ 1
creates new lines based on the given text starting at the given position.
returns the square - square root of the argument.
determines how many transitions between two result points are in the image.
convert a long to a bit string.
url - encodes bytes according to the bitset and the rules of https : / / en
create a new message tokenizer with the given tokenizer content ( content is the provided string ) and
wait for a specific participant to end up with competiess condition. if there is no
this will load the translation cache from the list of available translations, but only if the cache
creates a new navmousetype.
adds a new event to the event queue.
stops the timer with the specified name.
returns a human - readable summary of the table as string.
creates a file object that should be used as a temporary file in the specified directory in a
plots a span of values in the text legend and optionally adds a legend if required.
select also all items that are connections to the whole whole of the selected items.
obtain a new instance of a key using the specified collator choice and the specified strength
returns a list of nodes that are parents of x with respect to the given knowledge.
configures the configuration from the supplied properties file.
open a new connection with the default parameters.
add the project relations to a task.
perform the bddp phase of the pinswitch and do the bddp phase of
sleeps specified number of milliseconds.
make sure that a writable set is not found in the tree.
calculates entropy for a given set of masses.
returns true if the given string is a valid nmtoken.
parse a double value from a string parse string.
puts a string into the buffer, writing it at the end of the array.
add a rtcp event listener.
creates a new array of the given size if necessary and copies the data into the new array
report an error. < p > this method is called for every error that has occurred.
connects to the network using the specified file descriptor, listening at the specified port.
returns true if the node is a whitespace string.
creates a new panel object.
change the access control mode of this file by parsing the file header and calling super implementation.
deregisters an active springs instance.
returns the relative path to the file that this delegate would look for.
parses an n - triples argument string, creates an object for it using the supplied value
resets the list of pilot rolls and clears the list of elements that were used
sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order.
close the popup and remove it from the parent frame.
frees an object from memory.
expand the view to accommodate the cross size ( larger than the view height ).
converts an ipv4 address from a hex string representation to an inetaddress.
update the backoff time based on the current time and backoff factor, so that we don '
reads a double ( 64 bit ) from the source stream.
checks if the displayed value of the bar is at the maximum.
does the queue contain the given sequence?.
parses the properties file for a tileset and adds it to the maptilesets map
computes the result for a given double value.
enables tethering of the pan interface on the remote device ( for tethering
return the distance between two points ( x1, y1 ) and ( z2 )
constructs a url from its protocol, host, port, file, and stream handler.
return a workflow. method for createvolumes.
create a new filecommandinfo object.
init all the widgets in this manual with the ones in the manual.
set the sslfactory to be used to trust all certificates on all hosts of the given url
return the probe's next sample.
get the form for the user's code.
test for correct configuration of a mission with a valid name.
returns true if the other object is equals to this object.
release the interpreter. this method is called automatically when the interpreter is released.
closes this writer and releases any resources associated with the writer.
finds all the files that match the given paths and add them to the files map.
getinstance ( string name, int instanceid ) method testing.
reloads the configuration, which may cause the user to change its configuration when it changes.
remove a messageprocessor from the list of running processors.
constructs a x509issuerserial from an x509certificate.
add the set to an existing file.
puts an array of bytes into the buffer at the current position.
converts an array of objects into a string using the given delimiter.
discards all of the mappings from this storage and then closes all encoded images.
parses a string representation of a color and returns a color object.
allocates a new state and stores it in the states list.
checks that the size of the memory is enough to hold at least one more byte ( long
reads a single character from the current position in the source stream and returns it as an integer
limit the clip to the range [ x1, y2 ].
shutdown all thread pools.
converts list of string host addresses to inetaddress.
remove all new line characters from the given string.
counting related counters like unread, categories, and special feeds.
appends a single html character to a string builder.
migrate the column definitions for the given table.
retrieve the row count for a given table name.
create a jar modifier for a specified jar file.
adds an attribute to this table.
associate the given value with the specified key.
sorts the given array in top n partitions, starting at the given offset and ending with
returns true if this instance is a sip server transaction or not. false, i.
adds a highlight for the given range to the list of marked occurrences.
fully read from an inputstream into a portion of an array of bytes.
verify that the given assumption supplier returns a boolean value.
adds items to the shopping cart.
add an item set to the frequent set.
skips data from the peek buffer, advancing the read pointer.
a method the creates the method to remove the volumes from a vplex consistency group.
show a question if the user wants to select one or more urls.
convert mouse event to index in the model.
computes new regular expression matching oldname to newname in originalstring.
generate a call identifier.
parses the hour field.
this method gets called when a key is pressed ( up, down, or delete ) in
substitute the types using the given substitution.
returns a set containing all known transports.
returns the seconds until idle lock out.
get list of hive databases.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
a wrapper for the hacky adjuster function.
given a string, base64 decodes it and returns an object.
copy the fields from the old document to the new document.
constructs a new matrix that is the square root of the given matrix.
unlocks the specified member ( which must be the owner of the clear lock ).
constructs a new unicast ref.
returns the last index of the first occurrence of the specified element in the specified array.
writes data to the wave file.
compute the dice of a pair of numbers that are modular to the one given by
max ( biginteger val ).
function used to stop code that calls acceptconnection ( ).
called to set the offsetgrabpoint to the current mouse location, and update the om
writes doubles from the given float array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position
verify that the passed in ip is contained in the cidr prefix, using the passed in ip
accessed via reflection. do not remove.
check to see if the user's known cookie has been set and if so, save
selects a set of files to import from from the currently selected directory.
create a new instance of gtfielditem with the given unlocalized name and item amount
fully read the contents of the given inputstream without closing it. < p / >.
parse a single sql statement.
writes a long value to the specified offset from this native object's base address.
called when an action result is received.
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt. hashpw ( ) method.
a method to check that the key associated with this region is consistent with the hash code of
create a string from a number and convert to it's original form.
run the init script, if it is present.
helper method to parse a string value from the given begin index to the given end index.
prints an object to standard output and then terminates the line.
check that the argument array is a finite number.
initialize internal state for the keyboard buttons.
is window autonnew ( c ).
finds the relative path of a file relative to a given directory.
this is the method that you should make when you read a file from a directory.
andnot for a negative and a positive numbers ; the first is longer.
generate a random string of the given length.
initializes a new instance of the rate manager, using the system property " exchange - rates
removes an attribute from the list of attributes.
deletes the file with the specified key from the cache directory.
check if an exception is a unique contraint error.
creates a new configuration error object.
adds filler components to the panel that will be filled when the column and row are filled
inserts all of the context prefixes declarations into charbuf.
increments the put time accumulator.
precompute the hash functions of a byte array using the murmurhash3bit method
return the elevation at a given lat / lon.
factory method for observedobject creation.
removes all child elements that are children of the given container element.
saves the initial state of the facets and children of the given component.
determines if the range overlaps with the start and end contacts.
throws an exception if the value is " null ".
read an arraylist from an inputstream containing xml.
adds padding to the end of a string with a repeating character if the string's length
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names.
called when a send task has completed.
adds a preference button to the button panel.
remove all unused keys from the set.
create fields. this method is used only for create table. ( class ) { }.
constructs a shortinterleavedraster with the given samplemodel and databuffer.
this method will copy the local carbon data file to the destination directory of the data store.
returns true when the ui object needs to be fling backward from the scrollable ui.
parses a string to a double value if the string can be parsed as a double.
add a listener that is notified about changes in the graph.
check if the network is stable.
calculates the size of the text, depending on a text demo.
sets the default value on the view and validates the validity of the fields.
get a string representation of this bytearray.
write an image, x / y placement with an imageicon.
this method is called when the state of the slider changes.
writes a file with the given content.
checks if url is a file url.
updates current status for a particular relay state.
converts the given oid string into an array of integers.
returns a list of all the server members of a site.
creates a new generic object editor dialog using the specified container.
returns true if the styledlayerdescriptor contains inline features, and false otherwise.
decode a buffer from an inputstream and return the result in a byte array.
causes the runtime to run finalization ( if it's actually needed ).
displays all string defined in string. xml.
checks the content length of the http request to see if it exceeds the max content length of
add a foreign key constraint.
called when the activity is first created.
pushes the notification to the appropriate topic and sends the notificationresponselistener to the listener.
appends a json encoded key / value pair to the given string builder.
update the current config with the data from the current resource.
deselects the item at the specified position in the receiver.
determines whether or not given node is a leaf.
adds the listener to the list of listeners to be notified about new drones.
the equals method is used to determine whether some other object is " equal to " this one
parse a vector. note : this only works for strings that are comma - separated.
calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the specified stream.
create a new sessionwrapper.
issue a single batch request and returns the response.
returns the directory where the compiled java program will be built.
method to clear the route sensors.
returns the keystore type from a string.
pushes the new level to the top of the level stack, and returns the previous one
converts a hexadecimal character to an integer.
convert diaspora object to json object.
load a keystore user by the given keystore file. the password will be used if the keystore
remove a property change listener.
convenience method to query the preferences to see if the user is currently precaching is
performs an and operation on the set to determine if this set has all the elements of
indicates if some other object is " equal to " this object.
returns true if the lockdownprofile is a valid instance of lockdownprofile.
returns true if the extension of the filename is one of the given extensions, false otherwise.
creates a from - clause from a single ( stream ) to an optional outer join qualifier.
decode a ansi x12 segment from the given bit source.
creates a kdbdatabase instance by decrypting the given data inputstream.
decodes an add operation.
sorts the list in ascending natural order.
rebuilds the panel, setting the active image loader to a new loader.
process an array of bytes.
converts a file to a string, by returning the absolute path to the file.
navigate to the next page.
returns a null input stream if no time this method is called, otherwise throws nullpointerexception
returns an unmodifiable list of the types contained in this instance.
adds a string representation of the statements to the batchlist which will delete the rules that have
returns true if the element has already been visited.
create a new iotconnection.
creates a future that is synchronously completed exceptionally.
helper to calculate the forecast errors.
returns true if the event has the same modifiers as the mouse event.
emits the list of retained variables.
constructs a new uri from the given scheme, authority, path, query, fragment.
given a hypergraph, it returns a list of structuredtranslation objects that form the given hg
reads a single character from this reader and returns it as an integer with the two higher -
check if full copy support is requested for the block snapshot api.
returns a list of all the services contained in this iterable.
removes the code value sentences from the given string.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_even, result is negative ; distance =
quantile function ( with 0. 0 for all values ).
validates a certificate and signature using a base 64 encoded x. 509 certificate.
get the number of tuples in this output.
tests whether a servlets run - as role - name exists.
subtract two negative numbers of different length and different signs.
creates a new multi - term query for the specified field.
prints the message in a formatted way.
accumulates all children of this entity's root to all descendants.
test for the " invalid.
return a string representation of this treenode.
returns true if member and member2 are accessor pairs, false otherwise ; member and member2
create a dateformat which will convert dateformat string representations to " h : mm : ss
write a linked kml file in a way that can be easily ported to a k
the full path to the destination file, e.
refreshes the list of users or groups that share the user from the server.
creates new instance of bootpanel.
creates default headers with a date and a date format.
clears all the parsys elements that belong to the current page.
puts a new request in the pool and returns a requesthandle.
register a new client and send it to listeners.
parses the data from the supplied inputstream, using the supplied baseuri as the base
parses the date value using the given date formats.
removes the attribute with the specified name from this jsonobject.
find all nodes in a code that are looped out of the idom, as well
two hive files are unique, each having unique ids in the first line, and each with
renames an editor panel.
checks if the column fits as a single - line.
this method is called just before the test run, but before the test run,
converts spherical coordinate space to world coordinate space.
replaces the occurrences of a certain target character in this string with another character sequence.
url encodes'%'characters in the given string using the'/'character.
draws an image, applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing.
skips to the end of the line.
gets a new independence test instance which contains a subset of the variables.
announce all seeds for the given file.
formats a number of milliseconds into a human - readable number of hours, minutes, and seconds
add a propertychangelistener for a specific property.
creates a new folder with a default folder name.
add a typed array to the config.
add a new sub - action using the action configuration.
fills the entry tree with the leaf entries for a given row.
returns true if the left collection contains at least one of the right collections.
checks that the wait time is within the specified number of milliseconds.
log information about the difference between two fields.
creates an lyrics3image object with the given image.
constructs a new instance, based on the mimetype and the current time.
initializes a new set of parameters.
converts input frequency in mel to lin frequency.
creates a rounded icon generator with the specified parameters.
returns a byte array containing random data of the given size.
returns a description of this object.
copies a byte array to the message buffer, at the specified position and increases the
returns true if the session expiration has reached over the max_expire time limit, false otherwise
associates the specified boolean value with the specified key in this jsonobject.
writes an attribute to the current writer.
handles triggering the selection event and notifies the listener of the event, indicating that the given item
return true if the item can be invoked at this date / time.
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream.
returns the contents of the output stream as a byte array.
call this function when you want all layers to go on, i.
just like packmodifiedfirstfit ( ), but doesn't return a treenode
adds a filter query change listener for text changes.
returns an iterator over the profiles in this set.
returns true if the string starts with a space character.
wraps the given path into a fully - qualified path including any leading " / " and
converts a key in the form a12, b8, c9, to the
returns true if the mouse is dragged over the plot area.
initializes the dynamic caching http headers filter.
adds an xml component to the list of common components.
spins / blocks until given match succeeds, or timeout is no longer than s. timeout
loads the generalsubtrees into the table.
reads a single character from the buffer and returns the corresponding integer or - 1 in case of
checks to see if the healthcheck service is disabled.
writes the given string into the given file.
takes a flat list of ( string, integer ) pairs ( of string, integer )
computes the angle ( radians ) between two points.
creates a new inmemorycursor with the given column names.
checks if is enabled.
draws the foreground border if the user has not dragged the window, depending on the
creates a new instance of a modbusserialtransaction that is associated with this transport.
start the background processing thread that will be run by the background thread.
exports an object, and returns the unique identifier used for the exported object.
creates the dbffdc directory in the same directory as the actual dbffdc.
reads the contents of the stream as a character sized string.
this method will process all of the children of the query node.
initializes the messages list to be displayed at the start of the day.
creates a new persisted queue instance.
write objects to a string builder.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the descriptor
creates a new request configured to post a new opengraph action to the user's facebook
hide all other states and show a loading state.
the object implements the readexternal method to restore its contents by calling the methods of
computes the mad ( mad ) from the median of all elements in the array
constructs an sdpexception with the specified root cause.
links node as first of list.
notifies the registered propertychangelistener that it has been notified of a property change.
determines whether to use dirty read or not based on the current template object.
create a new jtoggleslider with a min, max range.
this method applies the attributes from the specified tacticalgraphic attributes to the specified symbol
increments the idle count for a given status.
initializes a new remote service descriptor using the provided base url and request factory.
read from the journal, creating a journal object from the contents of the parcelfile.
start the port. this method blocks until the port is started.
returns true if this future has no more results, or false if this future has not been
encodes a string with the specified width and height, and returns the encoded byte matrix.
writes ints from the given int array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position
adds a header to be included with the http request.
overridden so we can update the border and colors of the component.
generate to source of the class.
submits a new task to the pool.
validates bucket name.
validates the specified user namespace authorization create request.
formats the given object into a string.
calculates the derived statistics ( probabilities ).
determines whether the specified consistency group can be deleted.
utility method to close a closeable object without throwing an exception.
attempts to receive a message, but does not wait for the message to be received.
removes from this list all of the elements whose index is between the given start and end
refills the input buffer.
stops all the connections to the bkserver and removes all files from the tmp dirs
adds this criteria to the " or " list of the criteria.
releases any selections for the given items, such as when an item is removed from the selection
construct the mapping table for the given number of hubs, given the name of the file
delete a receive load that the track will either service or exclude. see setloadoption.
validates that the compute name is consistent with the vm name.
get the string representation of an array tag.
removes the argumentindex from the list, if tryremovingargvalue is true.
replaces the policy value with the new policy value in the resource tree.
create an atomicdoublearray of the given length.
performs a copy of the specified file on the source file to the specified destination file on
recompute the separation of cluster means.
converts an image to a square, if the size of the image is not square,
method handlelostentry, this is called whenever we find a lost entry in the route
writes the start of an element.
add an process interaction listener.
replaces the first instance of the search string with the replace string.
writes the given byte to the specified index of this array.
create a new instance of commonturnoutoperation.
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt. hashpw ( ) method.
draws the description at the location specified by mdescriptionposition.
parse bytes from the given free space to bytes.
return link to language " lang " if it exists, otherwise return null.
enable / disable the address space loading actions if the address space isn't loaded yet.
take a publisher and prepare to consume it on parallallism number of'rails
forcibly removes all files in the given directory and then deletes all sub - files from
add a gumball to the game.
keeping track of the segment, if it is different from the last segment in recyclebin
deletefunctionalitytest # testdelete6 ( ). attempts to delete row with referencing ones
create a channel and add it to the channel list.
returns a copy of this point, but changed its size to p_new_size.
inserts a row using the information from the given source and blobs.
adds default file uri to uri encoded list.
transfers sequences in the specified range of text ( " seqrange " ) to the target
computes the perpendicular distance between a pair of points p and b.
returns a copy of this biginteger instance.
runs the test case.
returns the id of the patch patch to be used for creating fix ids.
see the general contract of the readfully ( ) method of datainput.
whether or not we're running on a jelly bean < p / >
instantiates a new partial correlation pdf.
checks if simbrain is enabled. it is currently true if simbrain is enabled
returns true if the output file exists and can be used to sign the output file.
add an action listener that will be called when the user presses the return - code of
calculate the log likelihood of the current state.
returns true if there are dead states from initial to accept.
subtracts two money objects.
returns true if the given object is a kineticedge with the same from and to
skips a character to the current line.
list the volumes using the input command input and completion handler. < p >.
converts a base 64 encoded string to a byte buffer.
makes the progress bar step by the number of milliseconds since the last call to this method
loads the characters from the stream into the stringbuilder, ignoring characters that are not allowed to
constructs a signaturefoy oracle from a xml signature document.
creates an arbitrary length path node consisting of left, right, terms, lower and upper bounds
add wheel item changed listener.
scans a directive that starts with a number, and returns it.
tobitstring - returns a string representation of an int [ ].
converts a buffer of 16 bit samples to a bytebuffer of 16 bit samples.
checks to see if the given token is valid.
writes an attribute with the given name and value under the given namespace.
expands all paths in the model. cancels the currently editing task if there are no
sort the predicate partition counts by the vocabulary.
invokeany ( c ) throws nullpointerexception if no task in c completes.
instantiates a new signalgroup sub table action.
generates a list of x - values of length from ( to ) and x - values
compareto ( biginteger a ).
put the service under the given attribute value for the given expression class and fldidx.
creates a new decoder that decodes the specified uri.
utility functions to convert from an rgb color object to a cmyk color object.
show an error message.
parses a name - value pair with the given parser.
removes all characters that appear in string bag from string s.
returns the trigonometric cosine of the specified angle in radians.
destroys this fragment and cleans up resources.
method for beancontextchild interface.
checks whether a file already exists and if its size matches the file size specified.
create a windowsfileattributes from a finddata call.
write a map to the output stream using the given callback.
fire an event programmatically, this is used to fire any event that has not been
determines if the specified entry should be included in the query as a full entry.
returns true if the resource appears to be a module.
write annotation item ( encoded as encoded by encodedannotation ) into current section.
converts an inetaddress to a 32 - bit unsigned long.
determines whether the given revision contains the given template name.
retrieves all account info requests from the given start date.
returns a new string list containing the elements of this string list and the given string arguments.
scans the tree rooted at the given top level, invoking the given listeners with each
read a character from the input stream.
truncates the date comparison to the given field.
splits the given word into sub - words using the morphemes defined in the dictionary.
checks if the url is at the protocol " booksearch " or " http : / /
returns the path to the class file for the given class name.
removes the given prefix from the list of prefixes.
send this message to a set of members.
checks if a given service is relevant to an entry set.
tests if two objects are equal, guarding against null values.
find car by road number.
convert class name to slashed format.
p ( y, r ) - average predecessor probability of each entry in the array.
finds an existing location or creates a new location if needed requires location's name creates
closes the connection and releases any system resources associated with the connection.
removes an oma download from the list of available oma downloads.
returns true if the " android.
returns a boolean indicating whether the bundle has the token information.
reset policy settings to default values.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection via the named event
sets the x, y values of the given vector2 to the power of the given vector
invokes the specified parameterless method if it exists.
retrieve a prototype from a stream, if the chunk name matches the expected chunk, returns null
adds a new button to the dialog.
maps the request to responses according to the matcher.
this method will be called to populate the attributes of the jmx beanassembledShortcut
split a string and return an array of strings that contains all substrings of the string.
insert a gcir instruction twin into the list if there is no gcir instruction with
returns a new instance of the class.
create a new formatspecifierparser with the given format string.
append the contents of the iterator into a stringbuilder, with a specified separator at the end
returns true if the queue is full, false if it is not full.
schedule a new task to save the current playlist if it's not already running.
check if any of the managed variables have been referenced to be read by the user.
navigate to the prior demo page ( if any ), or to the first page if
returns a string representation of this vector.
casts an integer ( reference type ) to a integer ( reference type ).
send a verbose log message.
saves the indexes that have been previously saved.
bitap scoring based on the distance between two positions in the pattern.
if deltay > 0, move the content down.
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one.
inserts the string at the given location, but does not insert the text at the given
obtains the string representation of this object.
send all local data.
copies all bytes from the given reader to the given output writer.
this will check if the bookies of the most recent nodes exist in the zk.
applies the inverse of the transform to the given point.
asserts that the given code has failed and that the given class is an instance of the
write to a mac.
process an attribute string of type t_yes into a boolean value.
load list of pkikeypair for c_b_id from rma table.
this method will search list of wo's for the specified criteria and eligible to be
constructs a time period representing the week in the specified time in the specified time zone.
creates a new queue backed by the given resource.
encodes an x. 509v3 certificate ( dervalue ) and signs it using
schedules the given task for the given period.
abbreviates a string using a given width.
stops running wraparound test if it is still running.
check a row index.
helper method called to nuke all the symbols in the database, but to make sure that
determines the strength of an enemy unit, by iterating through the attackers
returns a new name which is the concatenation of this name with the lower underscore identifier.
parses a string representation of a date - time. if the string cannot be parsed because
constructs a string representation of this object.
returns true if the specified character is white space or not.
removes the given request filter.
removes the classifiers at the given indices.
add a property change listener.
returns the current number of checkpoints.
adds an object at the end of the list.
add a list of url to listen urls.
adds the given virtualarray uris to the set of virtualarrays assigned to the node.
returns true if the specified cell is editable, and false if it is not.
removes the highlighted connection from the trash and removes the root block view from the list of
convert an array of arrays into a single list, by concatenating them together. < p
create an iterator over the given graph pattern.
this method is used to validate the catalog field of a custom entry.
creates a new function execution pooled executor.
determines if the given body is a ssdp body.
add a child to the list.
restores the sorting state for the given selection, lead index and changes.
returns a new byte array that contains all of the data from this byte stream.
clean - e. g., getlat, getlon, dozens.
consumes at least the specified number of events with the given condition. if no condition is
updates the ui from a command.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
generates a normal random number from the distribution ; the standard deviation is given as sd.
returns the percentage of overscroll taking into account scroll events as well as the offset of
constructs a new vector with the specified capacity.
process the invite request.
gets ignite logger for given object.
read receive delay time from window returns'true'if successful,'false'if an
writes the given number of indents.
returns a hashcode based on the hash of the contents of this set.
parses a string value as an integer.
checks whether the current node is an invalid node to be parsed by the refactoring.
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack.
invoked when a motion motion has been detected.
remove a batch clusterer listener.
this is used to create a new instance of heldlocksgrant without modifying the state of the
remove an object from the set of known objects.
wraps the given byte array to a heap bytes store.
parse a json value returning null if the value is not able to be parsed.
valueof ( long val ) : convert a negative long value to a biginteger.
inserts the specified element before the specified position into the receiver.
increases the size of the array to be a large enough to hold all of the
constructs a sided plane from a pair of vectors describing points, and including origin,
checks the input stream if it has gzip encoded data.
insert operation at the given position and with the given length, at the given position.
clears the state of the bean, preventing any new objects created by this bean.
registers an object that needs to be decayed in the decay manager.
check that the output of a command contains the expected characters.
removes the classname from the set.
completedstage returns 0 when the original completionstage has been completed successfully and the target exception was
paint component. draw the channel frequencies, cursor frequencies, and other rendering hints.
handles the case where a class loader is dropped.
delete ( switch, port ) from the list of attachment points and oldaps.
total number of replay files to be recovered ( potentially unrecoverable files ).
processes the given mmd5model and creates an animgameitem that represents the texture.
deletes the assignment for the specified user from the specified experiment.
returns a formatted string representation of the given object, appending to the given string buffer.
compares and sets the wait status of the given node to the given expected and update values
returns a thread dump object for the current thread.
starts audio if it hasn't been previously started and there is enough left in the buffer
determines whether a given input matches a list of filter strings.
unlinks first element of list.
initializes the docbuilderfactory.
returns the standard error of the sample standard deviation : the variance of the sample standard deviation is
create missing values for row.
normalizes a path by replacing backslashes ( / / ) and backslashes ( \ )
set the daemon thread to be notified when we launch a notifier.
expands the hidden directory macro in the given filename to be the full name of a directory
return true if queue is open and buffer empty, false if queueing failed.
updates the form's value when it's changed.
checks if there is another record in the stream.
concatenates the given parameter types and parameter names to the given buffer.
completes a heartbeat associated with the given sequence number and event id.
generate the decryptor for a given set of bytes, using the shared key generated by this
loads the private key from the file.
removes the listener from the collection of listeners for notifications of changes to snapshot categories.
returns true if this device has a critical extension which is unsupported.
returns true if'str'is not in the array'array '.
return a clone of the node ( or a deep copy of it ) and optionally imports the
destroys the context and destroyes the secp256k1 context.
method to be called in znode to initialize the cron scheduler to clean up expired authn login
turns a shard string into a set of unique shard urls.
creates an inputstreamreader to the request body using the specified charset.
returns a zlib encoded image for the given rendered image and color model.
adds a vertex to the graph.
this will be a good thing to do here : if we need to do so, we
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified character in the specified character sequence.
appends the given string to the end of this string.
push a function on the stack.
return a string representation for this node, for debugging purposes.
creates a meta data column descriptor for the provided column name, jdbc type and default value.
removes years in the string list that do not belong to the current year.
creates a data provider event with the given reason and set of types.
validate a bean. returns a list of errors if the bean could not be validated.
inserts the contents of the commands after the bracket specified in the command text, if necessary
attempts to choose a pattern to format the national number, using the current leading digits of national
fill picks components. * * * * * * * * * * * * *
creates a copy of the field.
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero bytes.
convert the input object to an object of the given type.
force a file to be deleted even on jvm exit.
initialize this step with the given meta and data interface.
prints the given annotation in the editor as a styled comment.
adds a new point to the end of the path if not already in progress.
creates a configuration object by loading the properties from the specified reader.
adds an item to the end of this list, raising an illegalargumentexception if the specified
add an annotation to the given xml element, if the value is null, or delete the
reads a boolean value ( primitive type ) from the source stream.
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names.
static version of the lngamma function.
starts the animation and sets the status of the animation based on the passed in delay.
returns the cipher suite between id1 and id2.
creates a pendingactioncontext for the given action, mapping name, source object, reconid
shows the droidsafe text markers on the named class.
put the fully qualified name of the object in the set if it exists for the newexpression
tries to pick up to three elements, from the beginning and end of the list.
helper method for verifying the mac in the log file.
copies a transferable to the system's clipboard.
given the download size and file size, calculate the percentage and format it as a string.
updates the enabled and enabled actions depending on the current state of the wizard.
makes a shallow copy of the given mutable collection and returns an immutable version of it.
add all images belonging to a hex to a media tracker.
parse string to datetime.
check if the node is processed.
a mechanism to power on a self - test waveform, for each synthesizer that has
fetch the triangle to visit for the given edge and store it in the stack.
generate a crl set from the crl data provided in the stream.
deletes the entity configuration under the realm.
returns singleton instance of datasourceviewsmanager.
colorize the inner text, optionally using the attributes of c1 and c2.
this loads the xml definition from the cache and generates it.
returns the web service id for the request, or null if no id is set.
decompress the contents of this input stream using its inflater and prepares the input stream for
poll for any statistics about this socket, clearing it if there are no more statistics to report
closes this input stream and the underlying input stream.
compares the remaining bytes of this buffer to another character buffer's remaining bytes.
writes the header of the file.
this method will add a new value to the aggregate aggregate value that will be aggregated and it
extracts policy notification object by reading the data block.
flushes this journal. this implementation ensures that the journal is flushed and all data is written
find the parcel class for the given array of bytes and convert it to an object of
decodes a field name from xml notation ( e.
returns true if either the username or password is set.
adds a content item to the list of content items.
canonicalizes the class name. < p / > fix for http : / / java.
pause for the given number of milliseconds.
indicate that we can highlight the invisible edge in the graph.
prepares a job to run a cancelling test grid.
remove a listener to wheel changes.
generate the fields from the elements of this class.
determine if the fly through is being used as a side - effect of the flying dialog
initializes the channel factory and threads used by all implementations of the class.
removes all occurrences of the regular expression from the string and returns the new string.
consume a scroll in the outer or inner boundary of a scrollable body.
retrieves all waypoint objects that match the given query.
release noxitems so that noxitems can be reclaimed.
returns the number of elements in this list.
adds a new value to the array.
closes the dialog and releases any system resources associated with the dialog.
create a new file attachment for a channel.
adds a parameter to the list, and sets its parent to this node.
constructs a deleteevent from the json serialized representation.
check if a full copy volume can be restorable.
this method is used to read the query string from the given position in the string.
check whether the buffer's capacity is too large for us to be written.
resets the time of writing to the index buffer. this should not be called outside of
creates appropriate adminresponse for this request.
check if external storage is ready and notify user.
returns the plural or singular form of the given noun, depending on the quantity.
verify the given xml element against defid attribute.
adds the specified video to the end of the video list.
determines if the specified coordinate is in the target touch zone for a horizontal bar handle
reads the first transport systems of the visum file.
return true if the nal has a prefix ( 0x00 ).
resets the main hash to its original value.
add multifield entry, equivalent of | iteminmultifield } `.
gets the number of name / value pairs.
generate array of n d - dimensional points whose coordinates are integer values in the range 0.
below method will be used to parse the list of parameters in the request.
adds a new session token for a particular site.
deserialize a fully qualified distribution string into a gradle distribution.
returns the pixel value of the size of the screen at the top left of the screen.
send the data to the underlying data socket, returns false if the traffic has not been sent
push the given context onto the context stack.
use this method to show either a bookmark view or a history combo view that can be used
reads an xml file and builds a fst headerless document.
normalize by a standard deviation - mean ( x [ 0 ] ) and stddev ( x [
add a new location to the list.
creates the java formatter.
encodes a string into its base64 form using the specified charset.
tries to read more paths from the preload queue and if they didn't have been loaded
is input column name allowed.
converts a color string to an integer of the rgb components of the color object.
add a property change listener to this bean.
empty blob can be stored as byte [ ], but it must be stored as byte [
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
subtract a negative number from zero.
restores the locations from a file at the given location.
wait for the current image to be ready before the image is loaded.
fill an array with the values of a minimum 4 - sample blackman - harris
calculates the cms value for the given key.
returns a hash code value for this object.
decrements the number of packets received per second by the number of packets that have been
parse a single sentence, with the given context.
specify the directory to store kafka data for each cluster. < p / >.
callback invoked when the purchase purchase has been consumed successfully by the server.
checks rule part with tag " prosodicposition " ; there is only the "
parse a string into a bigdecimal object.
registers operators from the specified xml input stream with the specified class loader.
performs the permission check before android m's main permission work.
deletes sub groupcontainers in this group container.
create a new glowtask with the given owner, runnable, delay and period.
initialize the compiler. < p > this method is called after all the other methods in the
returns true on whether or not we can open on the device.
send next telegram, return 1 if there is one to send else return 0 if there
encode the given object into a base64 string.
service to create an image using the service provider's servicemethod and servicemethod context.
add a list of profiles to appear at the bottom of the list.
check if the given string is a syntactically valid identifier.
returns true if x1 is less than x2, when both values are represented as an
moves the location of a single node.
create a list from passed objx parameters.
adds a macro record to the end of the list of records for this macro.
add more qiscus user email to an existing user if the.
gets the best hash provider available for use with the specified hash parameters.
reads a specific number of bytes from the input stream.
return true if the elements of the array are equal to or less than the argument.
loads the addressbook entries from the file.
removes the item at the given position from the adapter's list of new positions.
encodes a list of types into a map and adds them to the passed in map.
clears the assertion information.
add operation results to the array to be returned.
generates a branch plan for the given table, using an index scan for the primary key
add a switch port to the maintenance queue.
( since linux 3.
returns true if this mime type matches the given mime type and sub - type.
is the other pair armed?.
tells the builder that a character range is valid.
checks if is java script enabled.
compares itself for equality with the specified object.
returns the name of the file or null if no file is present.
method to compute checksum using md5.
checks if the specified file is a valid skin specification.
inserts the string representation of an object into this builder.
handles a'mouse move'event by updating the tooltip text.
checks if the given file exists and if it is unpacking it into the emulator.
disables vma for a volume according to its uri and storage system.
computes the location on a rhumb path on a latlon given the starting position,
get the index of an element in the array.
returns the dimensions for which the components can appear on the given container.
reads the contents of the supplied input stream as a single string and returns it.
increment the count of uncounted segments by the given amount.
logs the expiration status.
removes the given ripple from this ripple display.
write the text to the buffer as a string followed by a single'\ '.
consume numrecords records by topic and return any records that have been consumed from that topic.
returns whether the specified object is equal to this object.
compare two version strings lexicographically.
check if a vector is valid, consistent with x and y axis.
determine if the expression is an obsessional sequence.
change the speed of a referenced loco block.
removes ( selects ) the first child of the given child from this group and returns true
notify all class observer objects for this class descriptor.
generates a dup2 instruction.
determines if a mime type is an app xml mime type.
creates a native page from the given url.
raises a parse exception based on the current element locator and logs a warning message on the
constructs a new instance of the tool tip editor.
creates a new memoid operation with the given function and equality predicate.
create a new epsinglevalue processor. the provided class must be a single value type (
given a field type, returns a class of that type, or null if no conversion is
inserts the xml element at the end of the current element list ( if there is no
finds all parents of a content node in a given direction.
reads in all dictionary data from affix and write to temp directory.
collapses a building by removing all other buildings from it.
this method performs an asynchronous thrift call to detach an iso from a vm.
reads the error message from an nfc reply.
toggle the mode of the dialog ( open if not already closed ) and open if not currently
persist a modified authn provider to the database and update notifychange ( ).
add an undoable action to the undo stack.
constructs a list from a given int array.
add ping time data to the array of last ping times.
encode the body of this header ( the stuff that follows headername ).
tears down the fixture, for example, close a network connection.
returns a substring of a substring object with the specified substring start and stop index ( inclusive )
removes a custom sashform listener.
writes string data to given file.
deletes the session variables from the datastore.
returns a string representation of the date.
closes this stream, sending buffered messages and then calls the super implementation's close (
parses a string as a integer.
writes the entire resultset to a csv file.
and for two negative numbers of different length.
verifies that the given device exactly matches the given fields.
adds a new window to the current window list.
computes the intersection sets of the set containing the intersection of the supplied iterable objects.
tells whether the output is in ttf format.
finds all necessary macros for the current dev machine, and registers them with the provider registry
constructs a new, empty map with the specified initial capacity and load factor.
sets the object as this element into the set.
creates a blob that contains all the data from basecontent consisting of required size.
signs a value using the bit - anti - cyclic syntax as defined in rfc 4647
adds a near key.
analyze the fields of a class and perform some logic based on the conditions defined in the
returns true if the log level is equal to the current log level, false otherwise.
loads a part of a debugger into a memory area.
runs the test case.
returns true if the log level is critical, false otherwise.
finds the name of the first table, which is editable.
this method will write the operations car file to disk. if the file already exists, it
returns true if the first follower has been added to the list, and false otherwise.
called when the start of a track point element is encountered.
fires a property change listener to all registered listeners.
validates that the given type description is a valid inner type.
sorts the given range of fields using fieldcomparator.
draws the background on the specified graphics object.
adds a unique element attribute name to this set of attributes if the name is not null and
this method validates a deletevmresponse object, raising an exception if the response reflects an
runs the test case.
limits the maximum scale and x translation of the given matrix.
get a factory for the blaze value type.
creates a new instance from the specified jsonvalue that represents the new refresh token.
associates the specified style id with the style selector.
extract the client name from the client id.
construct a future from a completablefuture.
returns true if the specified action is either swap with cursor, place_all, place_
add a view to the list of views to be cached.
reads the input stream and returns it as a byte array.
plays the current song if there is a filename to play.
converts the input string to utf - 8 using the standard encoding of the system.
encodes flags which are of type cacheflag. skip_store = is an encoded value
adds the specified data source to the end of the list.
adds a value / weight pair.
build a single row panel with a borderlayout and a check box.
helper method to format and parse the given text with the given dates.
returns true if the group is a child group of " * ".
throws an exception for an item that is not in the bounds of the list.
creates the next uncovered locus if there is one.
notification that a global configuration for this service has been changed in a future version of the system
launches an email intent if there's at least one activity with the given address.
returns the number of metrics that have been recorded.
inserts the specified element at the specified position in the list.
this method adds a translator, which is called whenever a translator is added to a class.
writes a string in little endian.
return the next line from standard input, or null if no more information.
returns true if the content is matched the regular expression'regex '.
writes a representation of this object to a text file.
add a fixed view to appear at the end of the list.
add a close hook to the manager, which should be called when the connection is closed (
executes task r in the caller's thread, unless the executor is shutdown.
updates the range of the chart to the given point ( x, y ).
returns true if the string is in standard upcean order, and false otherwise.
read the configuration from the given file.
increases the trades of the player's trading bonus by one.
returns the content of a url as a string.
checks to see if the trace has been visited and adds the event to the new trace.
cancel all tasks that have been executed in the current thread and interrupts all thread.
we will register all the default device types ( which are then listed in the platform's
remove all subsets of a swc ( dependency after the last swc ) in dependencymap
draws the chart tick lines.
always insert a single element in a partition.
test de busqueda open ldap con atributos.
create a positive number from a string value and radix 8.
this is used to determine if the given character is encoded in the specified character encoding.
deletes all objects that match the specified dn from the directory ( or all objects that match
removes all highlights from the text area, this is used to highlight the marked element
enqueue all successor of the given block.
adds a role to the list of roles.
creates a new menu object.
creates a new instance, based on the system time zone.
called when a stream response has been sent to this client.
builds the index shard snapshots from the index store's blobs.
create a forum post reply for the forum post.
return true if this pair is an armed pair, and false otherwise.
create an attribkey from an element that represents an html attribute.
creates a sparse array from the given parameters.
get the tuple with the maximum data field value.
updates the enabled status of the input fields and labels.
generating a string for the two ids used to uniquely identify a document.
resets cache statistics. this should only be called once for a single object.
convert other to string.
removes the item at the specified index and optionally updates the children if needed.
shiftright a negative number ; shift distance is not multiple of 3 ; shifted bits
shows the filter dialog ( if non - null ), or creates a new one if
returns the number of pixels between two points.
this method returns true if the form does not contain a popup parameter. < br >.
create a localgitrepo from the current directory. if the current directory does not exist,
returns a vector2 containing the minimum x and y values.
add a test method call to the test class.
call to serialize all objects created by the serializer.
verifies the blockmirror database is up to date, when it is up to date,
create a new formatter for the specified logger, the parent logger is used to find the root
remove a text listener.
create idp element of this tenant.
clears the buffer, releasing all allocations.
applies the opengl perspective, lookat, and modelto to the opengl projection
creates a simple result set containing a point table for the given point ( x, y )
add to existing volumes if the volume information is absent and the user hasn't added it
creates a new temporary file in the temp directory.
partitions a collection of target annotations and returns a map of target annotations and the list of unmatched
reloads the internal buffer by reading from the file.
notify the user of hp with an amount of times to show something goes wrong ( amount >
resolve the given file name relative to our root folder, or our own folder if we have
set the tool tip text to be displayed to the user in the map window.
decode an encoded array of credentials into an array of credentials.
call this when you want to know the new location.
the number of sigignals that have been disabled by the user.
generate a byte array containing the seed to be used as the seed for a distributed system.
render an expression into a printable string.
stops sampling if the last sample has been stopped and stops the sampling thread.
reverses the winding of a list of vectors2.
creates a new dsigncsr dialog for a pkcs # 1 formatted csr.
initialize the notificationfactory, which can be overridden by calling system. getenv ( " notificationfactory
possibly blocks awaiting completion or timeout if the completion state has changed, or if it
clamp a value to a range.
parse the passed in volume string into its host directory string based on the passed in hostcontainer
formats the time to a string.
returns an array containing all elements of this vector in the correct order.
returns the right part of a string padded on the specified width, with the specified character.
appends all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this vector, in
this method is called when the application is updated with new data from the transistate.
converts a string to utf - 8 bytes using the correct encoding. for example, "
turns a map into a list of pairs of strings.
validates that the label is one of the supported labels.
add a message observer.
opens the window and sets the edittext to the initial character provided, or leaves the window
converts a byte to hexadecimal.
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
generates a normal random vector of length n.
this method is called by the native code or other classes to signal a warning.
returns true if the sub name is known to be in the list of known subnames.
compute and return the source text ( all equalities and deletions ) for the given diffs.
returns true if the object is already stored in the database.
returns the size of a directory ( sum of the size of all files ) in the directory
return true if a given bit is a search light bit ( smini only ).
constructs a new age file filter for files less than or equal to a cutoff date.
method to calculate major tick count ( minor tick count ).
return the next row in the result set.
stores the value of the attribute for the specified sample.
this method disables the ordering between two digraph nodes, and returns true or false depending on
take an swf data stream and convert it to html.
writes the contents of the given classfile to the given file.
create a new connection to a remote peer.
returns a vector that contains the same objects as the array.
notify listeners that a version has been changed.
accepts the given drop operation.
clear the order by clause and clear the distinct flag.
returns a description of the underlying data structure.
returns a date object with the modification time for a file on ftp server.
has the user chosen to import from a pkcs # 8 file?.
runs the given class tree as a single source in the given compilation environment.
checks if the engine is a valid one and is in the right expected set of flags.
asserts that the values of two floats are equal concerning a delta.
calculates the d value of the set of extremal indices, given a value of b
loads properties from the specified properties file.
replace all occurrences of the pattern, with the replacement, in the text editor.
list all the info of a jmdns service.
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the given other stream followed by
the object implements the readexternal method to restore its contents by calling the methods of
creates a new item label generator using default number formatters.
creates a vector2 describing the x - axis and y - axis depending on the direction of
returns the adjusted power of 10, with the error of less than 0 if the argument is
this method is used to remove all columns from the table.
is last invoice costing method.
proxy the specified http port number to be used for communication.
fetch the cluster name from the cg name.
this api call fetches the my service cards from the server.
creates a new dviewrsakey dialog.
samples migration events on a branch of a different colour ( two colours ), starting at
returns true if the object is an attribute value, false if the object is not a string
decode an array of ascii characters into a string.
called when the value of the combobox is changed.
remove a propertychangelistener from the listener list.
attempts to transfer a node from waiting - to - be - completed queue to waiting - to
creates a intent that creates a user to share the user with the given text.
creates and returns an updater for objects with the given field.
this method will convert the given map of string, string to object < p >.
operation : [ < rn >, + / - < rm >, lsr # <
build a row limit spec based on the given context.
returns the first layer, which is common to both this item and p_other.
used to remove items from an item stack.
saves all indexes from the internal value table.
add an item to the current adapter.
execute a command in the working directory provided by the environment, in a separate thread.
expands the given repository location and selects it.
reads the next token from the input.
saves the provisioning validity date in shared preferences.
write the extension to the deroutputstream.
create a new cluster with the specified spec.
gets the dereferencealiasespolicy value that corresponds to an int value, or null if its not
runs the test case.
write string in text format without checking buffer size.
add a record and offset to the end of the list.
calculates the sha - 256 hash of the message digest.
set a property of the given type for the given property in the current owl object.
validates that the first object is equal to the second.
write the actions in an ofinstance to a string.
a callback which gets invoked before a new object is added to the queue.
encodes a byte array into base 64 format and breaks the output into lines.
log the performance of reading a feed.
rllong protected helper method to read 32 bits long value.
shiftright ( int n ) a positive number, n > 0.
given a file and a sootclass, resolve it and return the resolved dependencies.
generate the logoutresponseurl for the tenant based on the logoutstate.
asserts that we have a label for the given path with the given text.
rearranges the given list of data nodes and interpolates them according to the pen position
initializes the stream tokenizer.
throws an exception if an illegal message was received.
causes the worker thread to be started and is waiting for them to be started.
read the next record from the file, returning true if all read is ok.
this method will try to acquire the backup lock file.
open the connection to the specified port.
returns a string describing this filter.
executes a script using a jdkml executor and returns the results.
disable a specific feature of this rich formatter.
remove a listener for zwave events.
returns the current time in milliseconds as a double in the range [ 0, 1 ].
add the specified items to the end of this list.
quote the name if it is a java keyword, otherwise the empty string is returned.
creates a new recipe from the data from the current row of the database.
validates the state of the given message.
add statements for drop table statement.
returns true if the store is locked, and false if it is unlocked.
the time in time that the process's waited - for guest is complete.
find or create a class from a fully qualified class name.
reset notes, if there was an error in status 1 and if the error is in status
set the ticks on a rtc object. called from the native code. note that this
writes a charseq to a file.
populates the navigation drawer with the appropriate items.
runs the test case.
converts to primitive array.
record audit log for home service.
compute the mean of all elements in the array.
constructs an ntp - time string from a given date value.
selects a compatible media - type from the given exchange, producible types.
paints the popup border for a component.
ensure that the array is large enough to hold at least the specified number of entries.
performs an invalidate call and unmaps the given buffers.
add the given directory to the list of classes to be excluded.
check mineshafter is present. if it is, it's ok to be
tests this renderer for equality with an arbitrary object.
checks if the specified node has at least one child.
removes an item from the list.
returns the count of all property names for this primitive type.
prints a string to the stream, encoded as utf - 8.
checks the given object against the given set of permissions.
put the string constants into the textview2 of the android application.
create an intent to take the map activity from a list of span urls.
generates the parameters string that will be used to generate the url.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap, removing prior exif tags
remove an attribute from the list.
given a field signature, returns a slashed class name that contains the name.
paints the preview image.
opens the camera and starts sending preview frames to the device.
removes all the categories and values from the array.
partitions the given array into a list of lists of the given chunk size.
updates the ui for this window and all its owned windows.
clears all the results.
find the widgets in the container that are visible on or over on the given vertical area.
prints the given text as a symbol.
makes a shoppingcartitem and adds it to the cart.
returns a string representation of the distribution.
updates the border text of the dialog.
add all the classes in the array to the result set.
resets the references to other sessions in the document.
decodes mpi encoded integer value.
this method will be invoked when a service's schema has changed.
sort a dtd according to the keys at the moment.
parses, validates and computes normalized version of datetime object.
add message to the message queue.
converts a string to a dbid.
write a long. like dataoutputstream. write16. note the values are stored as
prints a long followed by a newline.
constructs a thriftservicemetadata object that represents a thrift service of the specified type.
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height, and with new
create an exception that is thrown if the constraint violation exception is due to an invalid entity.
check to see if the start tracker is in a block. if not, return null.
initialize the layer manager using a java resource.
decides if a given message is suppressed by an answer currently contained in this message.
creates a properties object from a map of key / value pairs.
selects the first node from the result set based on the given sql query.
gets a string array from a properties object.
compare two locales to see if they match.
reads the result set of a prepared statement and stores it in a local variable.
adds a distinct entry to the source list if non - null and does not already exist.
compares two mrevities for equality.
closes the current transaction and notifies the manager that the transaction is no longer in progress.
creates a new menu object.
makes sure the capacity of the array to be able to store at least two elements.
this method changes the openam password in the debug system properties file to the new values.
compute the full url from a base url and a link.
loads the manifest from the current manifest directory.
converts the given array of types to raw types using the given erasure flag and if
inserts the given column at the specified index.
readdata is used to read data from the input buffer for this bloom filter.
removes a display from the list of visible displays. returns true if the display was removed
generate the next gaussian to be generated, unless there is already a gaussian to be generated.
fire an event to all registered listeners.
set the contact header port as the specified local port for the contacts in a sip message.
creates a new androidhttpclient without initializing it with the provided user agent string.
adds an entry to this thread's list of entries and returns a candidate for it.
create a feature to represent a vertex, and add it to the features list.
test the case where no solutions are present.
deletes the given file or logs a warning if the file could not be deleted.
removes an instance from the series at a specific position.
add a group member to a user.
creates a new logger with the specified resource bundle name.
increment the value of a bin.
validates the given condition, throwing an illegalargumentexception if the expression is not true.
copies all the fields from the specified map into this document.
checks if stringlist contains a match ( with case - insensitive match ).
computes the middle median ( median ) for all values in x, using quickselect.
iterates through the plugins in the list and loads each plugin if it is a valid plugin
destroys the session process.
set the keep - alive property.
creates a new request configured to upload a video to the server using the file parameter.
read a checkedbytes object from the given buffer, validating against the appropriate checksum.
create socket and add multicast filter.
check if the selected subset meta data is available.
this method validates the destination and payload against the will pattern. < br / > < br
creates a new berinputstream that wraps the specified input stream and initializes its buffer to an
creates a new test member that is a child of the given type, but the next one
description of the method.
tells whether or not the current font is the system font.
adds a url to the list of urls that should be loaded.
update the fields with the values received from the server.
instantiates a new appraisegitreviewclient.
create a view of the given root block using a given store type and offset bits.
creates the soapmessage object for the specified method name and request writer.
test that enum constants are of the same type and have the same semantics as enum constants in
constructs a string representation of the scheme, hostname, port, of the host.
tests the wildcard does not need two dots : the wildcards does not need two dots.
returns true if the given file is a directory on the current directory or in the target directory
skips the first occurrence of the specified character in the specified character sequence, returning true if
removes all of the elements in this list that are contained in the specified collection.
compares and sets the tail value.
creates ( or updates ) a phone object.
utility method to load a resource bundle.
converts the remote copy settings into a set of pools to be used by the remote copy
converts the given string to html by replace all html special characters with html entities.
adds a lock to the file system.
evaluates the uf4 problem.
notify all listeners about the model update period that the model has been updated with a new value
returns an uci string representing the move.
creates a non - transparent, non - transparent accelerated image of the given width and height
display the state of this object for display later.
write string to writer.
ensure the internal array's capacity.
expert : decreases the refcount of this object.
converts an x500principal object to an x500name object.
asserts that the described resource is contained in the expected description.
determines if the expression is to be merged into a flat expression.
returns a list of characters that are required to be limited to networks that the user has to
evaluates the right hand side of an array of parend tokens, returning the result
adds a list of series to the end of the series array.
exit with error message, or exit code with a proper options object.
compares two split - emitted terms for order.
merges this aabb with the other aabb and returns this one.
generates an auto - tag for the element at the given offset.
flush any pending xml operations pending, but don't start the document.
this method initialises the configurationviews in order to display the default distribution set type.
constructs an extended type with the specified nodetype, namespace and local name.
validates that each path is a new child of path that is a child of owner.
start up the mock system consumer consumer threads.
undoes the last action, if any has been performed.
removes a column from the table.
get a string describing the size of the table, including average, base, size, and
peeks a single output buffer from the buffers, and stores it into the provided out
below method will be used to grab the scan result from scanblocklet.
returns the integer hash code of the object.
balance segments based on the current accounting.
instantiates a new annotation drawer.
this method determines if the partition configuration has any user output partitions.
inserts a string at the specified offset.
reads the next code point.
put an int value out to the specified byte array position in big - endian format.
create a new item with the given symbol, label and font.
adds the given tag to the end of the existing tag.
consumes and returns the amount to be left to the target amount, depending on the left
add a outer join qualifier to the from clause.
splits the string into multiple files.
returns the next element from this queue, waiting if necessary until an item is available.
adds a callback to be called when a swipe event is sent to this view.
returns the number of patterns.
writes a uint8 to the given output stream.
add two numbers of different length.
add a new header to the response.
this method stores the encrypted key store on the remote server. < p > this method does
appends type as a pointer hierachy.
sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order.
returns a string representation for this object.
returns the last element of the deque.
causes the currently executing thread to sleep ( temporarily cease execution ) for the specified number
searches for the first occurrence of an element in this list, starting at the specified index
determine if a given set of modifiers implies package access.
dumps the current data to the given file.
create a new managed window decorator.
write byte array to the output stream.
log the given message and arguments.
send update notifications to listeners.
method handleremoterebalance ( ) method called to indicate whether remote service can rebalance
convert to the sld file if it exists.
inserts all properties in the given map into the template string.
use this to change the style of the font of a component.
draws a set of contour images using the specified color.
saves a string containing x509 certificate to a file.
clears the list of listeners who will be notified when the central position of the list changes
invokes the specified parameterless method if it exists.
gets whether the current line should be filled below. note that if the current line is filled
this method should be called when the patch service responds to the result of the upgrade request.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns true if the packet is a message, iq, or presence.
this method is called by formobject when a key is pressed in the form.
determines if a bean needs an update based on the bundle version that the bean will
destroy the bean instances from the given view map.
for each logical table group in namegroupmap, load the logical table with granularities
reads whole block from the file and returns it's offset.
adds a new subscription to the list of subscriptions for the client that created the subscription.
constructs a path from a list of x509certificate objects.
processes the given xml string.
instantiates a new topology fraction.
build a regular expression matching qualifier.
this method shortens a name to a length greater than the desired length.
blends two colors based on a given weight.
the bitmap of pending kstkeop bits, returning it as a integer in the range
decide which ui to use based on the system plaf setting. < p >.
converts a java image to a bufferedimage.
read an array from the stream.
returns the list of all available terminals with the given return type.
removes the sensor selection listener.
writes the specified byte to this writer and increments the number of bytes written by one.
test that the dex class loader is not searched ( up to the first class loader )
registers ttl manager. this method is not thread - safe and should only be called from a
makes a java. sql. time from the given ints for hour, minute, and
initializes the keystore with the logger information.
converts the given image data to the platform's byte representation of the image data.
get rid of folder stacking markers, if any.
discards the registrar, sending a discarded event with the given registrar, to the
return true if the given state is a final state.
generates a string with max number of scale markers for proteins of length " proteinlength
writes a figtree block with settings.
returns a hash code value for this font object.
compares this map with another.
the start of the dtd declaration.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image, removing prior exif tags.
drop the database and create / destroy the database.
creates a method argument invalid value exception.
convenience method that takes a string and compresses it using zlib.
load extension to mime type to extension to map and load image mime type to set.
report the start of a dtd element.
converts a timestamp string to the format needed for the journal entries.
encodes a given byte array to a base 64 encoded string.
prints a double to this output stream.
returns a string representation of this ip + network prefix.
checks if the zookeeper host name contains " / ", e.
perform the given dboperation on the database with the given dbname.
create a hashcode based on the uri and prefix.
creates a new instance of this fragment with the given section number.
import translation file for trl table.
creates a new result file reader.
called when the async task has failed.
checks if the given identifier should be excluded.
this method checks if an exception was due to a communication failure such as a network error or
this is a workaround to prevent flickering from losing memory leaks.
pushes the type on the top of the stack.
get the max value plus one for a short.
fires a propertychangeevent in the beancontext for the given property name.
encodes a cookie value ( the format is utf - 8 ).
creates and persists database entities required for storage policy testing.
create a page and return a pdfpage instance that can be used to represent the page.
helper method to add elements to a map.
write the boot properties to the boot. properties file, if it has been written to the
append the given file to the given writer, with the record number for each line.
write timestamp in binary format.
determines the difference between two strings in the domain and return the number of matched integers
converts whitespace delimited text into a morpha text.
delete a file throws adeusageexception if the file fails to be deleted.
return a path for a check mark.
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory.
create a new thread and start a tcp connection.
cuts the selected bean by replacing the bean with selectedbeanlocation ( if present ) in
registers an event handler to be removed in the events of this manager.
handle the action from the action listener.
adds new entry in the model and refreshes the ui.
ensure that the size of the child list is at least as large as needed.
creates a new uuid with the specified most and least signature bits. the most signature bits are
creates a new prettyprint instance with the specified number of spaces.
renders the handler for the given component.
constructs the tsdb name based on the current scope, namespace and returns the name of the
creates a new selector and registers the new one.
multiply two positive numbers of the same length.
validates if the response code is one of the followings : 1.
execute a sql query returning a list of objects.
returns current time in nanoseconds.
test of the clone method, for mocking.
send a request to the server and return a future that will be resolved once the request is
returns true if the string is null or 0 - length.
enables the dependency of the given capability disabling nominal_attributes also enables binary_
given a set of variables and a previous debug variable, extract the variables from the previous debug
add an integer to the config.
a method that maps a full width letter to a half width letter, this maps the letter
check whether two collections are equal, and if they contain the same elements, error messages are
returns true if the response contains a body.
number of bytes that can be available in processing by another thread.
add ( multiplied by x ) to the current value.
checks if action should be executed in the next tick.
moves the cursor forward by a word character or the end of the word if the character
process one or more distribution message and push it into the startup queue.
deletes the zones from the zoningmaps passed in zoningparams. returns true if
shuts down the nbestlistwriter and alignmentwriter that it is using.
paint the specified icon at the specified location.
zooms the image to the specified position in screen ( scale is set to be equal to
get a list of all the channels in a shard.
indicates whether a file is hidden or not.
check whether the scrollview can scroll vertically in the given direction.
loads the jar from the current directory.
invalidates the title sortable property for all the movies.
adds a new row to the table.
creates a jar with a single file with the specified file name and content.
go to the specified day.
performs a quick search for the given value.
closes a database connection throws an exception if something goes wrong with the database.
add descriptive details for a specific message box, essentially just add descriptive details (
adds a color map listener.
compute the p - distance of all objects within the specified relation using the knn distances.
appends a suffix to the given string if the given suffix is missing.
make a jsonobject object that contains all the entries for all file systems in the workspace.
creates a new external problem by reading the process input and output streams from the given process.
checks if the network monitor exists according to the name of the network monitor.
adds a list of children to this query's and ( conjunctions with the supplied predicates
adds a roll and updates the roll total.
checks the canonical user options against the options associated with the handler.
closes the given closeable if it is not null.
pushes encrypted messages, blocking until the queue is empty.
returns a random integer between min and max inclusive.
test that striterator can be closed after hasnext ( ) returns false.
pushes a pspgelist object onto the draw list queue.
populate task list from source and group.
get the tuple with the largest data field value.
returns the tip text for this property.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
start scrolling based on a fling gesture.
adds a listener to be notified of navigator events.
this method closes the stream.
computes the patience value of a given function over a given number of samples.
returns a list with series names for all the data in the data array. series names are
read characters into the specified array, starting from the current position and moving to the end of
log a fatal log message.
expands the number string starting at the specified index.
tell if one string is equal to the other.
generate clusters and write them to an output file.
return true if all rule 17 directors in context are in allocated directors set.
stops the accept connection and closes the server socket.
expand given system id to the system id of the current base system id.
add to free list. it will be removed from list if one exists.
tests if this builder is equal to another by ignoring upper - case characters.
converts a uuid to a long value, this should be used for timestamps, for example
adds a virtual machine argument to the vm arguments specified.
apply a visitor to a field.
compare to a negative number and equal to zero.
takes the screenshot and tests whether the expected file format is correct and that the file format
unlinks the target volumes from the snapshot session with the passed uri.
this function reverses the semantics of a directed edge sequence.
if we have a pseudo variable, then we need to make sure that the variable in the
reads a line of text.
adds the specified item to the scene.
returns the url of the documentation page.
returns true if the taxonomy is present in the sequencesreader.
removes the listener from the collection of listeners who will be notified when the user changes the
replace the given node in the stack with the given type.
handles save button request.
removes the maximum of subtree x and its children.
atomically removes all of the elements from this deque.
called when the user is progressing in the pager.
construct a treenode with the value, parent and add the agent to this node.
creates a new instance, based on the supplied date / time, and the default time zone
retrieves the first code attribute found in the attribute list, if any, or null if
initializes an output stream from a file.
reads a class descriptor from the receiver.
method to create a file, if the existing file exists, then delete it first.
or for zero and one.
executes a prepared statement with all the specified columns.
creates a new config object based on the samlauthorityconfig object, which contain the token restrictions
checks that a string is not empty.
cancel all unnamed tasks in the current thread.
get the minimum and maximum value for a list of doubles.
returns a criteria object that can be used to retrieve objects from the database.
unescapes the character identified by the character or characters that immediately follow a backslash.
updates the query and header parameters for the given authentication names.
add spaces around spans until the text is fixed, and then removes the unneeded spaces.
remove the bookmark tracking icons ( if any ).
create a new metric group with the given name and stream of metrics.
indicates whether the given point is inside the rectangle.
loads the protocol protocols from the given class loader.
returns a list of host addresses known to the system.
calculates the sample size needed to caculate the height / width of a bitmap.
checks if the passed status is included in the list of statuses for this entity.
returns a string representation of the classifier.
compute sha - 1 digest of seed, and copy the resulting digest into the provided array.
adds a channel map to the model.
adds the specified element to this delay queue, returning whether or not it was successfully added.
associates the specified value with the specified key in this cache.
consumes a " uidrange " ( contains a range of strings ) and parses out the
replace suffixes in a string. if the to_replace is found in the value, the
executes the given task ( if exists ).
create navi directory if it doesn't exist.
method to handle update button.
converts a gf2 class definition into a class object.
returns an iterator over the target objects.
fit the size of the scrolled content to the main content.
returns the hash code of the object name.
given a snmp cached data structure, returns a mapping from the pool name ( index ) to
creates a new dviewcertificatecryptostrength dialog where the parent is a dialog.
creates and returns a separator component.
adds the specified object at the end of the array.
build the result list from the realm results.
generate the signature block.
and for two numbers ; the first is negative.
writes a byte array to the buffer.
open the given file, creating an intent if necessary and activity if the file exists.
converts a date string to a java. sql. date.
might have different semantics than the math's default rounding.
creates a new plaintext component with the given short.
creates a copy of this attribute.
creates the changes to be sent to the api server as a single string.
adds a description of the method.
determines if the file is a writable file. if the file is not a writable
returns a string representation of this object.
the object implements the read method to restore its contents by calling the methods of datainput
skip ( int b ) method testing.
add a new character to the str buffer, growing the buffer if needed.
returns the hash code value of this object.
construct a cholesky decomposition of the specified matrix.
find the set of candidate crossings for the covering between the two given points.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
constructs a repository location with the given name and sequence of path components.
this method is used to add property key / value pairs to the carbonproperties.
creates the difference tree for the given element and all ancestors.
returns a string representation of the entry.
the size of the hash map.
replace all occurrences of a substring within a string with another string.
verify that the given coordinate is on the given zone. the coordinates are in the same space
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a new xwaves labelfile reader from the given reader.
parse a string to a double, returning a default if nothing can be sanely parsed
add an application name to the map of applications that have been registered previously.
stores the profile in the user's profile table and returns true if the table was updated
prints a character. this method cannot be inherited from the writer class because it must suppress
create and initialize workspace view based on each block in it's root blocks.
clears all trails for the given token id.
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog.
parse a comma - separated list of strings as a number list.
create a new directoryorfilenotfoundexception with the appropriate error message.
scramble the raster with replacement with a random replacement for height and width.
parse a message header from a string.
convert an srg color to a rgb value.
logs a message indicating the beginning of the test run.
rotate point p around center point c.
returns true if the given word is pronounceable.
adds all edges that need to be split into a new edge list at the end of this
creates a new instance of this class.
creates a new instance of membasedcache with a specified maximum cache size in bytes.
resets the max text width required to accommodate a match based on the width of
enables or disables the overview item depending on whether the button is enabled or not.
handle a mouseentered mouselistener event.
applies the filter to all collections in zk, returning only the requested children pages.
invokes the accept method on the given annotationvisitor for this node.
add ids to the filter.
remove a monitor from the list and stop it if it exists. does not remove the monitor
takes in a request url and returns a url normalized to a valid url.
reads and executes the hessian call and stores the result in the output streams.
this method commits the local transaction, even if the local transaction is active.
add the " object class " attribute to the entry.
populates the area list of the boundary based on the hierarchy of the ward.
read a name from the input stream, which may be a table of jumps, if
creates a new simple string by appending a single character to the end of this simple string.
returns the logarithem of the probability to an odd distribution. < p >.
called by the thread in order to signal that the queue is non - empty.
initialize with a deep fill tree.
returns the number of nodes in the path.
adds a host name to the host list at the global blacklist timeout threshold with the current time
method to add new lop node.
writeobject is called to save the state of the map to a stream.
returns the standard deviation ( sigma ) of the argument.
insert or refresh the given entry either in the main bucket or in the replacement bucket.
translates the current transform.
writes default serializable fields to a safe serialization stream.
write a number of spaces.
computes the volume of the overlapping box between two spatialcomparables.
handles the auto - drawing action.
helper method that will try to load at least specified number bytes from input buffer.
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send.
sort the given method descriptors using the jdk's method sorter if any.
parse a list of properties into a properties object.
checks whether the type has the given annotation.
builds tooltip for a node that has one or more nested graph nodes.
remove item click listener.
looks for a selectable position. if look - down is enabled, the position will be
pad a string on the right to the given length.
helper method for generating collation matching rule names for matching locale names using suffix and symbolic suffix.
check if a given class is cache - safe in a given context, i.
writes the contents of this rule table to the given print stream.
creates a new instance from the encoded and decoded strings.
creates an array of integers containing the epoch months for the given epoch day, assuming that the
converts the given class descriptor to its internal name.
this method will be used to register a new subscription and it will be removed once the subscription
checks correctness of the state after unmarshalling.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
asynchronously perform a stream collection.
convert from the type used by the reflection accessors to the type used by native accessors.
adds a manufacturer specific builder.
creates a copy reil code for a single node.
reads the content - types. properties from the stream and apply them as additional extensions to the
reads text from a reader and returns it as a string.
computes the similarity between two lanes based on the positions of the non - gap
this is used to force the overflow to occur at the end of the map.
returns the index of the first string that matches the specified string.
method to prepare instruction operand with given parameters.
divide and conquer brownian bridge.
returns the ejbjarxmlversion constant corresponding to the supplied document type.
returns a new list that contains the union of the two given lists. < p >.
prints an integer integer to standard output and flushes standard output.
copies the text from the caret position to the end of the selection.
handles save button request.
builds the description panel.
creates an httpmethodclient with an initial capacity defined by the maximum request size and the default
create a signer for the given asymmetric block cipher with the specified salt length.
decode a text value, encoded as utf - 8.
extract the values from the collection using the provided extractor.
whether the stack is running on a zte operating system.
normalizes a string to the specified encoding.
returns lowest node. if it is inclusive, return it as an inclusive node, otherwise return
returns the number of sets.
creates a line from a list of points, thickness is the thickness of the points, and
converts a biginteger into an unsigned byte array if the biginteger represents an unsigned byte
calculates the length of a set of control points according to http : / / stackoverflow.
compute the drop action from the specified event.
adds a variable to be assigned to the given expression.
return true if the iterator is at the next value to process ; false otherwise.
creates the icon markers to be used in the iconbed pane.
checks whether a network connection is available and if so, sends the request to the listener.
assign a thread to handle the given subscriber.
validates the dynamic attribute list and creates a map of attribute name to repo attribute name.
returns true if the given instance is an instance of the given type or is a wrapper (
gets called to initialize the warrantmanager, and to initialize the warrantlists
adds a command to the main menu.
connects to the gatt server hosted on the bluetooth le device.
compute normal distribution's densen ( x, mean, std_dev ).
draws the given shape using the flatness.
tears down the connection factory registry by looking for all bindings defined in the jms namespace.
loads the entries in the supplied input stream.
sets the current value of the list to the given value.
creates the list of values that will be used as the key in the equality table.
this is a convenience method for converting a collection to a string, using the given separator.
decode a base64 string into a byte array.
remove all premovedrops from the list of premoves sent by this client.
clearbit ( int n ) zero.
shows the dialog to stop moving.
encode the distinguished name in der form to the stream.
informs the optimizer that the instance is going to be " dirty " ( i.
convenience method to return an arraylist as an arraylist.
remove this connection from the set of registered httpconnections.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
split the given prefix string into its sub - strings.
produces a long from a " lower_hex " string.
the standard error of the sample skew : the standard error is the square root of the skew
load the policyqualifierinfotablemodel with a list of policyqualifierinfo.
run a database script on the underlying database connection using the given reader.
finds the markersegment associated with the specified class.
return a new filterable that contains the same elements but without all of the given values.
reset the response state and let it know that the body can be read back.
deletes the element at the specified index from this queue.
cancel all timers and close the dialog.
add an email to the mail destination.
subscribe to an observable and will try to print its contents in a blocking manner if the observable
calculates a nice number, depending on the value of the argument and whether the argument is
copies a header from a request.
send a metric to telemetry.
adds all the given fields to this document, if they match the given acceptable field names.
finds the resource base url relative to the base resource.
renders the message in a human readable form, using the specified formatter.
indicates if the item at the specified index is specified.
creates a new statarchivereader which will open the archive with the given archive name.
sets the adb socket address according to the adb server port.
reads a block from a given file offset.
returns true if the given tag name does not match any of the known tags.
shuts down the virtual machine.
returns whether the specified row is expanded.
returns the index of the end of the label ( - 1 for empty labels ).
sets the listener that will be notified when the animation finishes or ends.
constructs an httpmethodinfo object.
compares two byte [ ] [ ] fields ignoring null values.
a method that can be used to draw the text for a given node and edge.
update the current race based on the list of races we've received.
indicates whether the parameter is required or not.
send data to the given resultreceiver.
prints this decimal object to the given print stream.
creates a set from a map.
removes all biomes of this type that are defined in the biome dictionary.
calculate the tiled requirements of this layout, and store this information in the requirements object.
converts an integer to a string, and writes it into the given writer.
creates an ldap filter set from the filter set which must be an " or " filter set
sends the binary representation of the specified blob to the remote process.
defines what will be the axis labels.
merges a set of intervals into a single set.
a gstring version of the equivalent gstring method which drops each element of the string
adds a node to the list of nodes of this topology.
prints the specified text on the console.
resizes the array to be the minimum of the size of the vector.
divide idx at the given range ( start, end ), and store the result in
assert that all threads are alive, given a certain amount of time.
creates a new workermanager with the given id.
process message from client and forward it to the websocket server.
inserts p_via_insert into the history area with p_trace_clear_
returns true if the number of distinct projections in the distinct bindings buffer is below the threshold
converts a string to a byte array.
returns the maximum string length of all items in this list.
write a portion of an array of characters.
rounds this point, so that the x and y coordinate of this point are on the left
select a proxy for the given target host and request, and return the proxy host.
adds a new position to the array of positions where the position of the source pointed to by
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list in proper sequence ( from first to
returns whether the thread is still running.
unwrap a vcf file ( source file ) to a temporary file ( tmp file ).
register a new user under username.
build a sub - select of the query that requires one or more columns to be returned.
test that the base class is compliant with this mbean interface and returns the mbean that it represents
converts a templatesequencemodel to a set ( where each element is a string ).
instantiates a new jks login.
writes location string to the output stream.
get the offset of vtable within bb.
evaluates the xpath expression to a string.
converts a codec / http headers to armeria headers.
calculates the mean square of the audio data.
initialize the shader program.
tests whether the given alias already exists in this aliasmap.
invert the selected relations.
float value of a large negative bigdecimal.
bind a keystoreservice to this module.
draws the connector centers of all connections in the workspace.
returns true if the given instruction is a merge of two branches ; false otherwise.
get the trustmanager object for the default vi pr that we're running on.
is the current node outside the document?.
creates a new pool of size poolsize with the given name.
invoke the given method on the given object and return either the result of the method invocation in
clears all attributes to their default values.
adds a helper text color that will be used to highlight the helper text in this password strength
expect the player to start at the next minute.
constructs a new listbasedtokenstream which adds the attributes from the given attributesource.
resolve a class given the class description on the given class loader.
validates a map of name / value pairs, according to the mode specified in mode.
finds the first occurrence of a key in a range [ fromindex, toindex )
adds the synthetic graph edge into the given collection.
adds an array of states.
readobject is called to restore the state of the object.
retries regenumkeyex ( ) max_attempts times before giving up.
add a task to the task list.
initialize the compute shader.
sorts the list, in ascending order.
creates an object from a byte buffer.
generate group name based on policy name.
tests that the result set contains the given number of columns that are of the given expected types
creates a new action group with the specified actions.
adds the given dl to the list at the given row index and returns the row index.
pushes text as the last term, and adjusts any prefix - starts array accordingly.
create a numeric literal from an object of the given type.
atomically updates head with the given node.
removes the given node from its dependencies.
returns a new map with an aggressive concurrency level.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection via the named event
skips all whitespace characters from the reader until a non - whitespace character is found.
return an iterator over the literal result attributes.
extracts a map of name / value pairs from the given string, using the given separator
constructs a priority queue containing the elements of the specified collection.
get the id of the resource in which the current scan starts.
returns true if the rule is an initial rule, false if it is not an initial rule
normalizes a charsequence by adding the line separator of each each line.
update the selected sel file in container and save it back to file system.
returns true if the test has aborted.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
skips over a gzipped byte [ ].
data is not available because we can't extract it from file system.
prints a boolean to standard output and flushes standard output.
creates a new shared memory space.
closes the database. if this database object is not currently connected, nothing will happen.
creates a new version from the current one, but adds the given qualifier to it if it
perform a 16bit load where the sign extended result fills the return value.
takes an array of bytes and returns a hexadecimal string representation of the array.
unregister a baggage handler.
construct a new dataset with the given bounds.
compare this array with another array, and return true if they are equal in any order.
helper method to collect the text content and set it on the first text node.
unproxy the given annotation, assuming it is implemented by annotation. proxy ( ) doesn '
create a list of nodes from the given text.
adds the given section to the list of tickmark sections.
calculates the q_i & lambda ; from the reference : http : / / en
flush the stream. this will ensure any pending output is written to the stream. this is
delete chars from the given start position and end position.
add a plotter to this entity.
utility function : finds node with given key less or equal to value, and returns its
add a listener to speedruns, which is notified when changes happen to this speedruns instance
returns the index of the first instance of the input string that falls within the range [ end
retrieves the action value for the specified fault action.
tests if the string contains whitespace.
decode from base64 using the specified coder.
this method is responsible for performing all the validation logic based on the supplied data set.
calculates the sum of the values, returning the result.
list all user names owned by the owner. < br > < p >.
the function to perform, based on the input values and the output value of the function.
adds a long value to the request.
comparator interface ( depending on the field of the interface enabled ).
adds an actionlistener to the check box's list of actions that will be performed if
calculates the bounds for the item's title, as defined by the index, and
add or subtract another gvalue from this one.
returns a string representation of this attribute list.
returns the offset of the first field in the given class, scaled to the size of the
send a warning log message.
remove the first element of the list.
handles actions from within the property panel.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer src, bytebuffer
upgrades a server instance to a new version by removing the parent site id from the server
constructs a new object of the given type.
pops the type from the top of the stack.
create a msrp session.
create a forum post.
draws a mark at a given position and a color.
invoked when the component has been resized.
converts a byte block to hexa - string representation.
change the label's value and notify listeners.
writes a sub array of bytes to the underlying stream.
update the location of the ball based on a point ( relative to the current point ).
quietly waits for all threads to complete, or until all tasks have completed execution, but
adjusts the position of a child view based on the dragged item's left and
creates an httprequest from a servlet request.
converts an x - value to a panel x - value.
forward the request to the configured destination controller.
retrieve the primary key columns for the given owner and table name.
read long as little endian.
helper method to get the common token for the prefix of the given leaf.
adds the given record to the end of the list of records.
adds a packet to the queue to be sent by the sender when the next packet is sent
waits until either an element with the specified node matches at the head of the queue or
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array, with the given string as
find the object binding on the given key.
initialize the compute shader.
this function checks if the task has completed successfully or failed.
center the set of nodes horizontally.
adds the provided text to the text body of this component.
called when an activity is about to restore its state from a saved instance state.
constructs a new hour.
undo the last action, if any has been performed.
check if we can connect to wifi system.
closes this output stream and flushes the internal buffer.
returns true if the ordering is empty, or if it contains no extents.
reads the contents of a process file and stores them in a local file for later retrieval.
extracts unique musicid from the media id.
verify getscope ( ) returns identityscope.
builds additional parameters for an annotation of the specified type from the specified method.
returns true if the given cell is in the index.
creates a noise generator with the given random number generator.
converts to primitive array.
for each line read, record number, bytes ( rxbytes ) and txbytes ( tx
initialize the lookup. < p > note that we do not have to keep track of the
returns a string representation of this object.
readdata - initialize the list of registers to read from din.
increases or decreases the indentation level by the given amount.
returns the current capacity of the map.
parses a code string.
get a random string between min and max.
unit test needed for reopen ( ) on an index that is not part of index configuration and
searches in the given list of search paths for a file with the given relative file name
return true if a critical extension is not present or is not supported.
returns a formatted string for the given value.
loads configuration from jvm parameters such as ip, repository, agent name.
checks if the user is authorized to perform a soft sign in.
test for bug [ 1184376 ] viewcache : caching should be avoided
generates a text representation of an approximate number of units, such as a bar code.
creates an xml element in the given namespace.
modifies the content of the file with the given function and writes the new content to the
builds the offspring ( offspring ) population, and writes it to the file which contains
tests the listing of the options based on the checklistoptions method.
compute location in latitude and longitude, and update location with easting and northing projection.
notification that the size of the widget has changed.
removes the object if it is on the turntable list. returns true if this was
receive notification of the end of an element.
converts a bufferedimage into an ind4j matrix.
constructs a new file system utils object.
returns the size of the priority queue that should be used by this processor.
constructs a new dgeneralnamechooser dialog.
destroy the entire scene - remove all animations, cameras, and children lists.
adds a limited mitre join between two segments.
discards any non - base64 characters in the provided array and returns the packed result
multiply two numbers of different scales ; the first is positive.
compute the lease duration, but only if limit is greater than 0 or less than leaseduration
converts a path in the form of / a / b / c / etc into a
returns a string from a double representing a simple decimal number.
creates a new generator object using the specified label format for the items to be generated.
generates a unique id for an oid.
caches an attribute for later retrieval.
read a policy file and return the set of permissions that were read.
extracts value from the provider for the provided volume instance and puts it into the passed in
called when a recyclerview is detached from the list.
loads the specified file.
attempts to open a stream for reading as much data as possible to a gzip stream.
returns the hash code for this object.
constructs a prefixquery using an address prefix length and an inetaddress field.
creates a policy entry for creating a policy object for a given user.
makes sure the capacity and size of the vector can accomodate the given index.
fills in the specified command line list with the joint options and adds the appropriate values to
loads the hex image, storing the image in the hex tileset.
triangulate a pointset into triangulation.
encode the given byte array into a base64 string, which means the same as the base
writes the given java field specification object to the xml document.
readobject is called to restore the state of the socketpermission from a stream.
parses the data from the given reader, using the given base uri as the base uri
excludes the destination statement from the text.
converts special characters in the given string to their escaped equivalents.
add a file to the classpath.
insert a new item at the specified position.
this method is deprecated and will be removed sooner.
return an intbuffer that contains the major version number.
sets the source of the request, if any.
creates the data to sign for the given digest.
set the " ifmodifiedsince " request - field to the given value.
returns the absolute path to the temporary journal file.
create a new array instance for the given class and dimensions.
plays together all of the given animators.
prints the error message based on the type of the exception and the verbose level of the
a request that has not been made yet to be implemented by the class.
applies the log - 1 regression to x using the normalized log - 1 registers l1
this method cannot be called directly.
returns the content of the given url as a sequence of bytes, encoded as specified by the
loads the move participants for the given element.
determines the preference vector based on the current strategy.
paint the arrow in disabled state.
flipbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
called when a user is added to the database.
checks to see if there is another event to be processed.
extracts an xmp file from the given input stream.
initialize validator with this model and client.
apply cross - over operation to bayesnet calculate score and as a side effect sets
resets the engine to the initial state.
create a new perspective and store it in the database.
computes the phred error based on a real - valued floating point error.
returns a string describing the given class.
encode the value of this header ( the content of the header as a string ).
throws an exception if the content of this token isn't the expected type.
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate3 ( ). updates values in one column in the
test that setint, int, string, byte [ ], null, null.
check if this type is assignable from the given type.
retrieves egdemanddetail from chq bounce penalty and egdemandd
construct a new sampleinfo object for the specified byte buffer.
handle a maintenance request, then perform the maintenance check and scheduling the membership update time.
executes the given action with the given timer, and returns the duration of the action.
checks if the specified bytecode version string represents the jdk 1.
mapping to be used in the index.
tries to find the given template in the given path, returning null if the template could not
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory.
adds a new circularprogressviewlistener to this one.
creates a new instance of the site status check thread.
draws the renderer to the given java2d graphics object.
resets the list of retained variables and returns a copy of the original list.
decrements usage count for the current appcontext and disposes of the temp appcontext
deletes all tables in the database.
find a pet category by it's id.
mark a default session token as removed for a particular site.
constructs an exchangeserialized with the given request and origin.
computes the alpha value of a discard operator based on the amount of data that will be
converts unix time to filetime.
creates a ciphertextiv mac encrypts a string with a given secret key.
removes the given address from this user.
ensures correct size of the widget.
report the end of an element.
validate the migrate - from - product - home directory and throw an exception if none is found
returns the history as an array of spanned text.
formats a given message with the given arguments.
inserts the prosodic settings for the given utterance if it is an element with
create folder on file system.
this function is used after rotating the matrix after the rotation of an image along the axis
create a text string capable to display in a tip of a ticker.
adds the given protocol type to the set of supported protocols if it is not already present.
returns a string representation of this array.
adds the key to the hash.
load the configuration from the specified resource.
writes a log message with the specified level, filename, line number, method name, tag
draws the title on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a
construct a public key from its encoding.
returns the number of hits for the query. caches the result in a cache.
creates an expression that is true when the given operator is equal to one side of the expression
adds an http header to the response.
perform an asyncrhonous max operation.
writes a character followed by a newline.
test that we write an empty record with an empty byte buffer at the end.
this method commits all changes to the intervals file, as if it was created.
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate7 ( ). updates values in one column in the
extracts an indent string from a single line.
does the work of getting the path.
searches the status line for a matches and add the result to the container.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_down, result is negative ; distance =
encodes the specified string using the specified charset.
slide the panel, this method can be called directly or indirectly from a parent.
add a list of sticky drawer items to be drawn at the bottom of the drawer.
test whether to log'debug'at'finest '.
resets the parser to its initial state, and prepares to parse again.
returns the closest float approximation of the sine of the given angle.
method extractdata : this method does not work, but returns null instead of an array of
creates a unique related session id based on the given encrypted id.
compute a cardinal spline between start ( inclusive ) and start ( exclusive ) with a given
indicates if this queue matches the given sequence.
compares two comparable values, if either of them are null, or if either of them
returns true if the device is root / superuser / apk ; and false otherwise.
adds an expression to the stack.
synchronizes the next item in the iterator and performs the given task when it is synchronized
find the component with the given name in the given container.
this method determines whether or not the given class is a fingerprint class.
writes an float field value.
extracts the column keys from the line.
draws a region of a rhombus bus.
this method converts and fills the bytebuffer list to byte array list.
helper method that can be used to instantiate a class, given a classloader and class name.
computes and returns a derived key of the specified number of bytes.
unit test that runs finalization even if the queue is empty.
shows and hides the keyguard view.
the width of the string, this is the approximate width of the string.
check if the given event passes a sanity check.
actionlistener interface method. should not be called directly.
returns a string representation of the given local date.
instantiates a new datasource metadata.
returns e_email object with the specified value.
creates an instance of addresslookup.
adds a change listener that will be notified when the value of the field changes.
creates a node with the given parameters.
creates a new cell instance with a max rowspan and a max colspan.
enters the open element.
constructs a format object from a string representation in the form of an integer id.
returns true if the specified interval is contained in this set of intervals.
makes a url relative to the base url.
starts the task if it isn't already running.
create an index from the underlying index store.
close the plog file.
parses the first consonant string.
create a new instance of the buddypanelcontroller.
execute the javac to compiles the given class files and return the testresult.
performs a park and returns whether this thread should be interrupted.
list platform for gpu.
this method adds the given action request helper to the list of dependencies of this request.
check if object is a date.
converts the config to xml format, and returns it as string.
builds a quadrilateral of a given set of points.
heapify - up method for 2 - ary heap.
insert a new key - value pair into the tree.
unlock to allow both puts and takes to be reclaimed ( even if the barrier is
checks whether the filename has an extension that is sub - format.
write the constant to the output stream.
initializes the properties to be used by the server.
register to receive notification of network change.
appends the content prefix to the buffer.
add an error listener.
validates that the supplied class name is a valid java class name.
imports the base types.
builds the matrix ( old ) from the given dom node.
record file system event and audit.
creates a coretokenserviceexception object which can be used to validate the core token service,
creates a new dviewkseframe dialog.
computes the path to the dev - jar for a dynamic vm using the given java project
normalizes the given number by replacing all fractional characters with the normalized version of the number.
skip the values at the given index.
removes an organization configuration.
removes a group listener.
instantiates a new setchangelisting ( source, task name and changelog partition number )
extracts the key from a property name. <! - - begin - user - doc
compute the spacing between the two positions of the motion.
transforms all strings in the given map into the given keys and values.
create a new component manager given a collection of general seeds.
removes all observers from this observer set.
unsynchronizes an array of bytes that do not contain syncbyt bits.
calculate the key used to encrypt the given user password, as used in mysql.
create a new message capture with the supplied logger and whether it should be captured or not.
compresses an array of bytes to a gzipped byte [ ].
inserts the specified item into the combo.
this method pauses the coroutine until it is active and is no longer in the queue.
see if there was an error in python when parsing this file.
produce a json string from a number.
converts a delimited string to a map of name / value pairs.
returns a set view of the keys in this map.
this is called when the audio stream is ready to be read and written to a file.
instantiates a new propagation strategy for a remote transaction with the given serial number and timeout.
creates a new native runner.
indents the height given by height.
reduces a calendar object by filling it with zero values for millisecond, minute, and
appends prefix or suffixes to a string if it doesn't already start or ends.
returns the first point in the set of pts, which is not in the set of pts
returns a string of a given length such that the string can be padded with the given pad
schedules the session for execution to a different time if the session poller pool is enabled and
decrypts an array of bytes using the aes - cbc 256 bits.
log some information about the operating system.
before the next value in an array context or object context is encountered, and must be called
generates a sha - 1 hash of the input string.
generates the native guid format of transportzone for the given transporttype, fabricid,
tests whether a servlet with the given name and jsp file can be added.
returns whether or not this instance has the same value as the given other instance.
triggered if an error occurs.
remove an event listener. it will be called when new events are received.
create an execution system with the specified uri and environment.
returns true if the passed type is a sqf command or case.
add a report to the queue to be sent.
tests whether the given string starts with any of the given prefixes in the given string.
tests the ordering of the result sets : each result has the same type as the last type
handle a mouseclicked mouselistener event.
formats a set of values in the form of an array of values separated by commas and escaped
draw the top edge of the border around the content area.
analyzes all the runs and writes the result to a file.
execute update statement and return the number of affected rows.
returns the number of milliseconds in which the current thread was scheduled.
creates an entry from the provided lines of ldif.
clears out the parser highlights list so that they are no longer needed.
read a 16bit short, 16 bits.
format a number into an array of bytes.
appends the given char array to the builder.
checks if the security object has the required permission to order the user with the order header.
returns true if this class extends the annotation interface, false otherwise.
returns true if this instance or one of its exception handlers is equivalent to another instance of ir
gets the checksum of the file, based on the type of file.
is the current state of a long label?.
instantiates a new secret block, with a specified x, y position and yolo -
install file using new intent. if the file does not exist or is not a folder,
creates the insert and removal lists.
reads outline file metadata, if any.
decodes the run length encoded in bits of k.
reads all the data from an inputstream and returns it as an array of bytes.
creates a new no - duplicate value global parameter constraint with the specified parameters.
inflate a single overlay from overlay configuration string ( where the overlay configuration is represented by
obtains a revocationhash corresponding to the given seed and target hash.
instantiates a new fancy loader.
checks whether the specified resource has been modified according to the current configuration.
performs the specified flip operation for the image received from the peer.
load value from property string value.
extracts a map where key is the namespace name and value is the corresponding string value.
draws the hook onto the given canvas.
reads the contents of a bitmap into a byte array using the specified compression format and quality.
handle'continue'button.
send a message to adhoc adhoc ptp_flush command.
resets the display cache.
copies all the files in the source directory to the dest.
creates a new journal that omits the old journal file with the new journal file contents.
write the recording data to the log file.
converts the rewrites file in a string into a list of commands.
lists the command - line options for this classifier.
callback invoked when a connection has been closed and some sequences have been read from the socket.
this is the entry point for handling the http requests from the http server.
create a negative number from an array of bytes.
formats the given double value.
remove items from collection of positions. if the collection contains more than one position, the item
resets the shape's bounds.
a utility method that can be used to convert a string into a colour value.
returns the rank of this estimator.
executes a random variable modification on a modifiable variable holder.
saves a file with the given content.
deletes old temporary files in filecfg ( same name as old temp file cfg ).
this method is called after a commit but before the commit is committed, so that it can
converts a byte [ ] into an image from a jpeg image.
spawns the specified object without notifying any listeners about the object being spawning
returns the topic of the event, or the empty string if no event id is specified.
returns the result of the next sub - matcher searched for a match.
creates project constraint sets in the project constraint files.
decodes a quoted - printable string into its original form.
copies the extent from this block to the specified target block.
returns the class that is accessible from the caller's calling class loader, or null if
helper to parse the path style string and add it to the patheffect set.
turns an rgb color into angle in radians.
parses and returns old - style bounded size from the given token.
encodes the query string and adds it to the list of encoded query names and values.
create image link with name, command ( js command ) and enable / disable events.
creates a new namespace with the given components.
atomically decrements by one the current value.
update the bubbles position and color buffers.
remove all elements from the output. this method can be overriden by the renderer implementation.
lock to prevent both puts and takes.
clears the cache. deletes all cached files from disk ( if any ).
updates the podcast's publication date and last episode media url, if the episode is
remove our uinterface from our defaults, since it's not used anymore in uio
makes this object immutable.
run a precomputed knn query on the database.
returns a new set of positions adjusted so that " startposition " and " endposition "
appends the given identifier to the given string builder.
creates a new available migration with version information.
parse a comment. the context is advanced by the nature of the character buffer used within the
draws an image with a transform from image space to affine transform.
sets the titles and the titles of this group and the number of agents that the display is
selects all elements in the selection set.
add a raw name / value pair to the npv.
returns the size of this set.
like datainputstream. readunsignedint except little endian.
returns list of ros for each address country used in the shopping cart.
add a listener to receive pause events from this animation.
makes the object immutable.
add a new component to the end of the list.
opens a http connection with the given uri.
invalidate a line only repaint ( if fm is modified ).
constructs a bytebanded raster with the given samplemodel.
initializes this uri from the other uri in question.
internal helper method unlink last ( ).
this method is used to check if a refresh notification is registered with a client that has previously
read output from a given process.
fills the header and footer with the data model.
adds an operand to the list of operands.
this method is used to calculate the total collected amt for a bill. this method is used
skips the specified number of bytes.
removes all the ims from the list.
escapes a string for use in ascii values such as " foo / bar ", for
reads bytes from the given reader into this contentbuffer, using the specified encoding as the encoding
this method is used to clear the dictionary caches in reverse order to make sure that they are
returns a type string for an array of java objects, where each number of non - null
renames an existing file to a new file.
submits a camera command to be executed.
creates an enumeration of all kinds for the given kind set.
returns the length of this text.
turns a map of param1 = value1, param2 = value2, into
populates the combos object.
returns the appropriate json encoding for the given media type, or null if no suitable encoding was
convert the given image to a 4 - byte bufferedimage. this method assumes that the input
sets the start time to the current moment.
go to the next view and go to the next.
checks if the string is in the format hh : mm.
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
cache the resolved method, keyed by the class and the signature.
setbit ( int n ) a positive number, n > 0.
destroy passivation capable beans from the given view map and context map.
closes given output stream, does nothing if null.
returns the node at the specified index in the list.
converts a single character to its visible width, when dependent on the current x position.
create a directory, if it does not already exist, and if it does exist.
creates a new encoder with the given base timestamp.
converts an array of latlngs into a valid iso - 8859 - 1 format
extract weight values from a list of synapses.
close the database connection. this implementation flushes the data buffer, then closes the connection.
returns true if the specified list of hash values are contained in this filter.
ensures that the buffer can hold at least the specified number of additional bytes.
determines whether the supplied number is valid for this region.
trims the last segment of the url if it exists and returns it.
read the next classification block and return its position and the classifications as a pair.
adds alpha to a color of a string and returns the new color.
stop the rmiregistry server.
sets the state of this instruction to a copy of the given array of local operands, and
attempts to read a response message from the given connection and process it.
adds an element to the queue, waiting if there is no more element to add.
creates a new empty translatablecomponent.
add a new part at the specified index in the list of parts.
inserts the value into this builder.
determines if this rule has the given nature and weapon.
dumps a dump of the state of all members to the console.
this method is called when the player is first opened, or when there is no player in
find a conversion from the db value to the target.
advances api to the next time tree that has the same time tree rooted at the
this method calls proc updateuserroles and updates the values passed.
forges and sends the options request.
setup and run a test.
adds the given resource to the list of resources to be deleted.
compute the maximum of two values.
add container to the container list.
calls super method and writes the approximation of the knn distances of this entry to the specified stream
adds a dot - delimited method call to the chain.
gets the request object from the current thread.
creates a sha - 1 hash of the given password.
schedules commercial action.
generates a hash code value for this instance.
unsubscribes the topic from the device ( if it was previously unsubscribeed ).
determine if the current operating system is digital unix or windows.
disconnects the connection and releases any resources. this should not be called while a connection is
determines whether a name is a suffix of this name.
calculates the total height of the block based on the given parameters.
checks whether the given string is a valid regular expression.
returns true if there is a specialized handler for a given intent.
flushes the internal buffer and flushes the output stream.
attaches a footer on the message content to the message text.
creates a sentence using the given connective sentence and list of children.
tests the state of a spec to verify that the original state of the object can be restored
initializes the store, deleting any mappings that have been removed from the store and reopening
creates a cumulative histogram of the values in the object with the sum of each key and values
updates the icons for a package for a given user.
parses, validates and computes normalized version of datetime object.
adds the attribute values to the attribute named attrname.
test the case where the unpark happens before the timeout.
sets the commit index, which should be used when writing new segments to the index map.
finishes all currently closing fragments and clears out the list of closing fragments.
method called to write utf - 8 encoded bytes to the output stream.
converts the given hex string into a human readable string.
walks through all scenario definitions in this feature and builds a list of matching scenarios and examples
convert rate to speed string.
fetches the next element from the iteration.
returns true if field queuesize is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
converts a coefficient to a string if possible.
creates at test indexcreatedeventwithbulkdatahit ( ) and creates an indexcreate
validate a string against a rule.
find tree url relative to owner.
generates an integer in the range [ start, end ).
inserts the event into the response queue if it matches.
generates an instance of the algorithm parameter spec using a pseudo random number from cc aes.
determines whether the given character is a valid token character.
draws lines and points on the graph.
register a type of element represented by model, member of, or any other type of which
make the log tag name based on the class simple name.
writes a null - terminated string to this output stream and then terminates the line.
refragplies the uri to the given fragment.
paints the outline of this component.
returns the dump of the game data in a byte array.
adds specified importable and element to myimports list.
draws an arrowhead at the given location and on the given graphics object.
turns the given classloader into a separate class loader, and calls the listener's class
unmarshal parameters marked with the given checker, but don't close the input stream.
load the exception data from the service.
creates a fully qualified resource name from a simple resource name and optionally a locale.
converts an array of objects into a string.
draw the specified icon on the specified graphics object with the specified position and size.
executes a sql update query and returns the number of modified rows.
reset to the default state, by clearing the system properties and again calling the clear ( )
converts the given image into a bufferedimage.
tests whether the test execution has been cancelled.
remove a directededgestar from the out - set of this directededgestar.
returns true, if the specified event can be generated at this time.
receives a message and adds it to a queue to be called when a new message is
wraps the current query date until the given date is reached.
decides if given x - coordinate in screen space needs to be interpreted as " within "
cleans up all files in the specified file system rooted at the specified base uri.
returns true if the entity can be collided with another entity.
update the moving average to the given duration, in the specified unit.
submit a task to be executed, unless it has already finished.
creates and returns an executor that can be used to publish jobs to their task distributor.
dumps the wave data to the specified writer.
adds previous field to the current editor and switch to the previous editor after this method.
creates an incomplete room for this freespace instance and adds it to the list of incomplete
compute the desired ellipsoid magnitude for a given point of view in a given planet model
trims the given charsequence by removing any leading or trailing whitespace.
validate parameters returned by vnx's smisprovider_ip and smisusername
calculate the next trace. does not change if p_trace_layer_changed = true
convenience method that creates a bytebuffer from an object.
write a buffer of bytes to the remote peer.
create a new sensor if all checks are passed system name is normalized to ensure uniqueness.
returns the maximum distance between two sets of distances.
fills a polygon defined by p_points with the current graphics state of this object.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream, removing prior exif tags.
decode a base 256 encoded word into a string.
sets the selected month to the current day.
convert an ipv4 ipv6 address to an ipv4 ipv6 ipv6 ipv4 address
returns true if the template is valid, and false if not valid.
this is not supported because the return value is actually an array. < p / >.
cumulative density function of the normal distribution.
stops the connection ( force shutdown, close the tcp, and close the connection ).
atom ( - ), unescapes next character, and emitting into the original body
create a unary operator from a list of command line udids.
returns true if the network is connected or not.
this is called when a tab is about to be closed.
puts a config with the given name, supported, auth scheme, level and default level.
sends a close packet to the server and forces closing of the socket.
removes any collapsed edges from the list and adds the new edge to the list.
timing event by adding the given fraction to the start and end location, but not to
creates the seaglasstitlepane with the given rootpane.
returns a string representation of this list.
writes a long ( 64 bit ) to the target stream.
given a list of file directories and a list of wildcard names that could be expanded into a
returns a charset object for the given name.
creates a number value from the specified integer.
dumps the specified stack trace to the specified log message.
execute a sql statement and process the result. if a listener is given, the row is
given a method signature, return a name that can be used as an accessor for that method
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end -
map a library name to a string of the format " native libname ", e.
returns the next regular expression matching matcher and discards it if needed.
load the fragments as part of the activity queue and update the dimension and layer manager.
add a new private field with the type of the given name.
function takes a list of private subrs and reconstructs any subr that exist in the
matches a sequence and chomp if the sequence wasn't matched.
initializes the egl context and makes the window surface and egl record surface.
clears the scrap heap.
this method contributes the token request parameters to the request body.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
returns a new builder with the contents of the specified lenient command line.
merges the children of the given node with the master node.
negate ( ) for a negative bigdecimal.
create a new instance of the given item type and bind it to the given list of parameters
creates a simple setup panel with the given experiment.
add a listener to be notified when external events are dispatched.
the method processes the command line arguments provided by the user.
check if zoning is required.
get the xml element associated with the current filtered tokens, and initialize it with the first element
returns true if this namevaluelist has a record with this name.
tests if this charseq starts with the given prefix.
checks whether a window of the given class can be found in this component's list of
support for reporting bound property changes for integer properties.
starts fading to the specified layer.
computes the hash code of a repeated boolean field.
creates a new abstractsurfaceobject, initializing it with the values of the specified abstractsurfaceobject
parses a sootmethod string out of a string and returns a sootmethodand
register the voice units with this voice manager.
find the start of the given column.
tries to parse a color string as a color name and returns the default color if the string
this method will return the set of modules which are required for processing for the given mary
gets the distance between this vector and the other vector, where the magnitude is equal to the
calculates the elapsed elapsed time for all gcbeans.
this method is called when the database is about to be closed.
distinct list add to source list only contains distinct entries.
start an object. this method is called during object creation and must not be chained.
this method will be used to send all the stream events to kafka.
creates a string of the given length containing the given character.
adds the connection view to the list of views.
trims the given text, and updates the given span array to reflect a new line.
adds the given listener to the list of listeners to be notified when the script is finished.
a callback invoked when the purchase is finished processing.
test bulk get and put byte [ ] methods against expected byte [ ] buffer contents.
returns a new array containing the concatenated contents of the given arrays, in the same order and
ensures that the external array tmp has at least the specified number of elements, increasing its
adds a new category to the dataset with a new min / max value.
adds a new continuation element to the test elements, with the given session number.
calculates the target point's rotation angle in degrees, given a center point and a
counts the number of characters contained in this sequence that match the pattern described by this matcher.
creates a crlnumberextension with the integer value.
verbose log message with printf formatting.
calculate log - probability of a set of appearities, based on the under - extreme
sets the tolerance of the pid.
let the user know that the user has dragged out of a frame or not.
write the log to disk and return the rowkey that will be used to key the new
insert an entry into the dynamic table.
extracts the secret access key from the given uri.
finds a contact and then dials it.
add a class to the list of safe classes.
check if there is room in the active list.
returns true if the controller is running, false otherwise.
reads in all the steps from the specified resource.
create a string representation of the bet.
test the behavior of the journal manager, that verifies the non - empty journal using a single
check if rows contains a match ethernet address.
quick pow, with a max relative error of about 1.
returns the full path to the entry of the given class, including any enclosing classes.
write the string representation of a poscounter object.
find all annotations within a package that are contained in the given package.
attempts to paste from one of the ways and nodes to another node in the same order.
updates the cursor if it's not already in the list and does nothing if the cursor
checks whether the mouse event specifies a middle mouse button.
add a success message.
check if stopped check box is changed.
closes the input stream and releases any system resources associated with the input stream.
computes the next log segment sequence number assigned to a log segment table by searching for the
parameterasserts that a specific language is set.
return value of fuse_time / random_diversity + random_diversity
returns true if any reader threads are still in use.
returns the number of milliseconds that have passed since the last time the timer was last executed.
equivalent to assert cond : value ;.
adds the definition of a attribute to this cos definition.
create a sourcedataquality object from its xml representation.
extracts the qname and namespace from the xml root element.
generates a token json web token ( jwt ) using the secret, jwtid, iss
exports the given symbols from the given array.
decode the fulfilling bit into a boolean.
add a data source listener.
find the effective annotation in the given qualifier hierarchy, with respect to the fact that it is
changes to the failed state.
reads n bytes from in, writing them to buf, starting at pos.
compute the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors.
parse the finish state of the dialog.
method cancels the included - only operation. this method is called when the user does not
kills all entries ( excluding root ) but not including entries from the front of the list
shows an error dialog with the given title and message.
read an index header from an input stream and verify that it matches.
internal method for printing a tag with attributes.
take a single string, split it on the delimiter'- ', and get the result
checks whether the given object is trusted using the trust verifier.
creates a new persistent search request control.
establish an equalized synapse group for each source neuron and each target neuron
multiply two characters.
normalize a charsequence by removing all illegal characters in front of it.
adds a zone change listener.
writes a byte of data to the buffer, and increases the number of bytes written by
create a new listener, listening for changes to a particular resource.
returns this matrix as a flat list.
removes the schedulers hook when the scheduler shuts down.
a hashing method that changes the string ( like a url ) into a hash value.
recovers the timestamp read from the system. current_time ( ) and adds it to
this method is called after the test run, but after all test run results are collected.
parses the given string into this object, using the default buffer size of the given string
returns default max radius value, if unspecified, can be any number for this component.
returns a new character array containing all of the characters in the receiver's buffer.
returns the number of pending worker requests, in case there are more than one or more workers
inserts the specified component at the specified position in the list.
replaces the specified special character with the specified escape char in source with the corresponding sequence of
append the contents of the stream to the http file system.
creates a new map with the same mappings as the given map.
adds a new rule.
appends read data. the method will throw an exception if not a valid byte array.
does the parseresult have the latest dss keystore?.
initializes the resource bundle, if necessary, based on the passed in resource bundle name.
instantiates a new layer graphic warehouse support.
determines if the name matches the java naming convention.
remember factory for the given host, so that it can be used later for the given host
get the next character.
removes first entry ; returns its snapshot.
creates new task cancelled exception given throwable as a cause and source of error message.
converts a range of characters into a string of the length of the character array. this
removes obsolete elements from the names and shared elements map.
removes an action from the network update manager.
calculates the distance error between a segment of buffer to be used in finding the distance to
reads the next record, either a header and a sequence, and also a quality value pair
adds the specified character to this array.
checks if the given ifd id is valid.
remove a child from this group.
check to see if this storageport already exists, if not return null, otherwise return the
appends a split element to the end of the split list.
creates a new osmhandler, which allows the supplied mapbuilder to consume elements to the
flush the bit stream and close the underlying output stream.
return a directconnection object for the current thread.
appends a national number to the prefix before the national number.
move the clipboard to a new position, and delete the selected object.
turn the led back on and cancels the blink future if it is running.
releases the semaphore. no changes will be made to the semaphore. any changes will be made
configure the plugin, by setting the prefix of the command line with the plugin - prefix as
write the given transform onto the output stream.
signum ( ) of a positive bigdecimal.
creates a copy of this chain with the given element prepended at the beginning.
parse an operator. operator : : = operator. kind'='' operator. kind
simulates a drag from one object to another one by the number of steps specified by the
adds entries to the queue which will be used for syncing.
removes the series at the specified index.
add a glue to the given box ( which is assumed to have a horizontal glue ).
writes the result to a file.
we don't need anything else just create a new instance.
below method will be used to write blockindex info to file < p > block index info
renders a tree as plain text, tree is either leaf or leaf, with no label
replaces the occurrences of the regular expression with the replacement string.
compares two strings ignoring case if ignorecase is true, while the string is case -
update the backing file size to match the new length of the backing file.
creates a collection of collections of netpins in the order in which they occur when inserted
creates the expression to invoke a method on a js object with the given method name and parameter
perform the double - click action.
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization.
sends all of the given table names to the database's drop table statement.
creates a new disk segment.
checks if a person has a certain email.
a function to compute the maximum of two values, but only if the values are nan.
adds a lock on the given directory block for modification.
removes the recorded httpconnection from the list of references.
check if queue starts with a letter or digit.
create a new vacuum environment.
generate the rmi class.
this method will be used to add a new view id to the list of view that gets
removes a respawn point.
construct a photo object from the exif data in the file given as an argument.
converts an array of 4 bytes into a long value.
iterates through the unicode escape sequence of the lexer and returns the result as int.
passes mouseevent straight through to delegate.
remove formatting from a line of irc text.
xor for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
prints the charging times.
returns true if the queue is empty, or false if not empty.
writes a csv file containing the most recent data.
creates the organization config for the organization with the given name and attributes. throws an error if
deletes the authentication domain named cotname under the realm.
add a sourcecoderemark on the given element a message code and optionally an evidenceelement
check if the action should be performed before the rest of the request or not.
saves the document asynchronously using the provided call - back once the save is complete.
tell whether or not this stream supports mark ( ).
get the name of the parent of the child. < br > if you get it,
create a new bytecolumn.
convenience method for converting the sql select statement to a relnode.
executes given function in the given script file and returns the result as an object.
constructs a dom builder using a set of document builder settings.
format the sample rate according to the mhz formatter.
returns true if this connection has been closed.
start a thread that listens for notifications and updates the values of the notifications.
create a type simplifier for a given set of referenced types, and a given base type
escapes all the escapes in the given array of bytes.
returns the name of this native class.
converts the given dom document to a string.
creates a client that will be used to connect to the cluster with the supplied seed servers.
casts a string to a boolean value ( true or false ).
returns true if there are more work available ; false otherwise.
sets the seed value for the random number generator or hash to a randomized seed value.
writes the generated class to the output stream.
checks whether to use compact font format ( cff ) or not.
this method is called when executing this application from the command line.
translates a given feature name into its mosesize representation.
calculates the approximate height of a text, depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls (
throws an exception if this thread is being shutdown.
this method will check the queue for unblocked tasks, and if none is, then execute
callnonvirtualshortmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a short value.
fires a property change of a boolean property with the given name.
internal method to remove the markers from the layer.
scans the input string, and returns the token, which can be used as a per
formats an integer value into a localized integer string.
tests parsing of handshake requests.
runs the test case.
checks that a particular opcode is a valid frame value.
create a template for the given string.
returns true if the custom control should take focus ( label, no focus ).
initiate signature or cipher using private key.
selects the zones associated with an initiator and a set of storage ports.
checks if the extension of the filename is one of the given collection.
writes path to jar jar file and sets appropriate postresource attribute to appropriate value.
closes the file pointer, advancing the file pointer to the first " end "
create a typed event listener that wraps the supplied listener in a separate thread.
return a list of all child nodes of the given node.
creates a new instance of corleonecontext.
calculate the info function, given an array of int counts.
add a method to this class.
adds a replication factor request to the given operation.
show the initial splash screen on an image if the user wants to get it, otherwise
decodes line suffix ( " \ n " ) and writes the result to outstream.
add a transaction from a sip server to this stack. the transaction will be added to the
computes the space between the specified motion event's x and y coordinates. ( this
returns true if the method is a poly, false otherwise.
create a new jkqueuegenerator for the given sourceq and targetq name.
load attributesetinstance ( ) and update the title bar.
ensures that the file should be open, and saves the current track point.
verifies that the canonicalizes the journal is consistent with the actual journaled data.
prints an object to standard output and flushes standard output.
stops the monitor and kills it if it's still running.
reads into the buffer from the underlying stream until either the stream is exhausted or the divider is
generates the graph file.
close a outputstream passed in.
method for beancontextchild interface.
returns true if the entry is expired.
set the user info image into the action bar.
return the direction the event corresponds to in the left or right side of an arrow key.
constructs a new trace graph from the given collection of spans.
whether the file should be persisted in memory or not.
create a date from strings for month, day, year, hour, minute, and second
when a mesos task fails to run, we want to attempt to schedule a new task
find configuration file in current working directory.
attempts to add a word to the list of words if the line exceeds the maximum maximum length
this method is called when a button is pressed in a dialog.
read http : / / www - authenticate header.
converts boolean to string.
sends a batch of messages and validates if all the messages have been received.
adds + live to the query.
gets the contents at the given uri.
check if the given key exists. returns false if not found, true if key does not
create an allocationsite, associated with an allocation at a specific location ( line, column
draws an image, applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing.
given a pair of characters, return the result as an int.
creates a new instance of activitymonitorsample.
computes a set of locations within a great circle starting from the given location and azimuth.
initializes a single checkbox with the given parameters.
paint the check mark in enabled state.
finds the first index of a turtle name character in the given uri.
write to log file ( create temp file if not exists ) and print to stdout.
reloads the full photo list.
create a new dnsrecord with the specified name, type, record class, ttl and unique
takes a stream of strings, and concatenates them with nl'\ n '.
adds a content specification node to the stack, creating the content spec node if necessary.
increases the size of the spine to accommodate the number of objects currently
initiate a reconnect to the server, if the connection is active and allow connection recovery to
gets all the records in this port.
returns the contents of the output stream as a string.
returns true if a change event exists for the specified variable.
reset the xmparser instance. this is used in the end - of - parse ( )
get the distance between this circle and another circle.
creates a new simple command with the given name and list of arguments.
grows the allocated size to accommodate the contents of m_values.
convert the given table name ( table name ) to lower case.
create an instance with the specified mouse event modifiers.
breadth - first search implementation on the nodes of the graph.
creates a view's render.
checker function that verifies that the number of arguments given by argnum is valid.
sends multicast announcement for the specified groups if the list of groups changed since the last announcement
constructs a drawingattributes object. <! - - begin - user - doc - -
close the scanner. this is used to close the scanner at the end of the file.
creates policy tree using the given name, configid and the given organization.
rollback method for creating a new block snapshot.
converts a string denoting an amount of time into milliseconds. strings are expected to follow
detaches the attribute view for the given activity.
reads the preferences from the sharedpreferencessettings and sets the button to show, and the menu
tries to add a download to the active download list.
tlacodenextline + : converts the tlacodenextline into tl
returns true if the given hunk is upper case camel case.
expects the string to be a sequence of characters and should be the same as the first
tells whether this class requires identifier information, rather than using it in the metadata.
remove redundant affixes, which are contained in the strlist, if any.
returns the next random number between 0 ( inclusive ) and n ( exclusive ).
resets the selection to the earliest day of the week the user has selected.
store last used time in hash map.
returns true if a given child element can be contained in a top level element of the given
extract an object id's arcs as an array of integers.
test isduplicate ( string id ), if id is a duplicate ( string id ),
updates the stats for the conditional density estimator.
returns true if the file should be shown in the directory pane, false if it shouldn '
add two numbers of the same length and different signs.
starts a new poll request for the given connection.
increment the access count for this object.
compares two doubles ignoring nan values, and returns true if their values are equal to 0
converts a bitmap to byte array.
creates new form configurecoerceiveparsingnb.
returns the logarithm of the number to the specified base.
evaluates the uf2 problem.
create a new filesaverdescriptor.
reads the next block of compressed data.
adds a run to this train.
copy the internal converter list into the given array.
adds a new output sensor with the specified name and state.
initializes the socket connection and flushes the internal buffer.
resets the position in the queue and current player.
if a value is present, invoke the specified consumer with the value, otherwise do nothing
send a dim / bright command to the server to reach a specific intensity.
reads the next token from standard input, parses it as a float, and returns the float
creates a new scheduler for a glow server with a worlds object.
java. util. arrays # fill ( int [ ], int, int, int,
calculates the desired width and sets it to wrap the content of this adapter.
closes the store and deletes all of the files from it.
always return true since we are executing a function on a static variable and not a scope.
description of the method.
converts an iso 8601 duration to a human readable string.
sends a plain text message.
returns a new string value representing this string value.
remove the given thread from the set of running threads.
creates a new docknodeeventhandler for the specified node.
read the maximum number of characters that can be safely logged in the source to log.
removes the current license file on disk ( if it exists ).
tests for correctness of the network parameters used by this class. < p >.
main loop. will be scheduling draining requests until the input stream is empty and there is
the object implements the readfromstream method to restore its contents by calling the methods of data
updates the bounds for the fast scroller.
creates new dprivatekeyusageperiod dialog where the parent is a frame.
creates a directory on the local file system with the given name and returns the created directory path
is operating system windows 8?.
finds all the functions that are used by the given units.
adds items from startindex to endindex in the list ( new integer values ).
returns a list of proxies that are not implemented by the system.
adds an array of include definitions to the linkeroptions.
adds a ranked observation with the specified value to this population.
set all the sample names in the vcf to be the same as the sample names in the
reads bytes from the current position into the specified byte array, starting at the current position.
creates a new ldif change record writer which will append lines of ldif to the provided
update the preson info - this. leftperson = person2enterperson. get (
remove the mymap with a position from the list.
accept or reject all licenses ( depending on the preference ).
add a geo key to the index.
detect a set of geo time serie patterns in gts and return the detected gts.
dumps a list of candidate items to a string.
flatten a boolean [ ] into an xmlserializer.
adds a outbound rule to this outboundrule_adapter. the outbound rule will be added to
creates a new skype instance for the specified username and password.
called on touch event to stop the drag operation.
adds a flags bit to the current flags.
find the first matching certificate in the keystore with the given certificate.
this purges the last articles up to the number of articles that will already exist in the
move all views ( excluding headers and footers ) held by this abslistview into the
create a new proxy verifier for a remote method verifier.
translates the screen before painting.
preparations for a key.
reads all data from'in'to'out'using'buffersize'bytes in
test the configuration files option with copying of subdirectory.
adds two values, throwing an exception if the contents aren't valid.
serialize a compact rdf node, including any qualifier bindings.
creates and adds a new checkbox to the given container.
pushes the current state onto the stack and initializes it with the clone of the current graphics
drop an existing full text index for a table.
looks at the next element in the stack, if any, or returns null if there
adds a new task processor to the task processor queue.
add the given data at the given index in the script.
initializes the resource name with configuration information, usally set by the administrators.
deletes the least used entry from the pool.
convert less than one thousand.
returns true if this uri represents an embedded base64 image, false otherwise.
changes the state of the dispatcher to a new state.
attempt to parse link label, returning the length of matched string or - 1 if no match
read the given file and return the content as a string.
invoked when an exception occurs during processing.
internal method to check if the user should have permission to run the license checker.
convenience method that closes the savefilestream ( ) and savefilemanager ( ) objects
selects an operator with a random probability from the set of known operators.
splits a string into an array of strings, separated by a list of delimiter points.
this function converts a boolean [ ] to string format with default number of dimensions for example :
decodes a base64 encoded byte buffer into a byte buffer.
removes all the buttons and removes all the items from the list.
returns a new instance with the same rgb values as the given color.
shuts down this network manager. < p > this must not be called while the manager
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send.
executed when the i / o has completed.
write the golomb code of an integer value.
add a force to the list of iforces or sforces if the force is
convert a number to a metric value.
tests whether the supplied sequence overlaps the supplied interval of interval [ start, end ).
initializes a bayesian distribution with one bayesian product of k1 and b
prepare - e. g., get parameters.
returns whether the plugin is currently configured.
convenience method for converting a csv list to a string [ ].
this method will be used to read from a file from a file channel. the offset and
error : print a message and exit.
moves a file to a backup.
push a new pair onto the top of the free list.
removes the backup data directory.
appends labels to the container configuration for a given slave, like docker cloud.
the read - only gamesettings can be modified by setting a property for the current game.
deletes a set of users in this group.
returns true if the filename matches one of the wildcard wildcards.
removes the given region from the set of regions in this population.
a utility method to close an input stream without raising an exception.
overrides org. xml. sax. helpers. startelement ( ) to set the request id
stop the selector, closing all connected sockets, and notifying the threads that they're
creates a new instance of storage.
calculates the bar width and stores it in the renderer state.
opens the camera and starts sending preview frames to the underlying detector.
adds a breakpoint listener.
updates the display area of the window.
release waiting threads or even / odd queue items depending on phase.
obtains a dateformat from a string representation of a datetime / datetime in the specified timezone
prints the stack trace to the debug log if the exception is supposed to be logged,
scans the type parameters of the given type element and calls the super implementation with the type
create a new block with the given multi - push setting.
returns the value of the poisson distribution.
finds the right side of the expression that exists on both side of the text.
add the given channel to the database, but only if it isn't already there.
delete all files and sub - directories in the given directory.
reads all data in the input stream and write it to the output stream.
release the detector. this should be called only when the detector is about to be released.
trim all occurrences of the given character from the given string.
retrieves and removes the head of this queue, waiting if necessary until an element with an
performs a timeout. if the current thread is the duty thread, the timeout is
submits a new image task to be run on the native thread.
adds an attribute selection string.
sets the data of the left - over marker to the first byte of the file data.
this method returns the next action value from the sampling strategy.
when the channel is closed, decrement the counter and remove the connection from the channel group.
configure the system with the headless simulation mode.
returns true if this id is the end of the current execution window, false otherwise.
check if a class is visible or not on the given classloader.
remove the data for the given event.
creates the xmlresourcebundle used to load the xml services and attribute schemas for the given service
true if this field's name is equal to the given string, and false if it
add to a list a string array.
remove a supercardtoast from the list.
unit test for parsing header and data.
derive a secretkeys object from the password string. the key is generated using the bas
partially escapes the assertion value by replacing all non - ascii characters with their escaped form.
removes the child view from the parent and then returns true or false.
returns true if the given prefix is already declared by any of the context prefix mappings yet.
step by adding an agent and calling the environment's step ( ).
calculates the physical status of a creature.
creates a new instance of tvertexprocessor.
attempts to become idle, returning true if it could be released.
validate the availability of replicas for a given slice of a given shard.
return this as a classdeclaration or throw an unsupportedoperationexception.
turn a spec of a map into a name in the format " [ key - value ]
converts a charsequence to an inputstream, encoded as bytes with the specified encoding.
java. text. regex # hitendtest ( string, string, int, int,
delete all cheque items with the given id.
calculates the partial correlation coefficient of the submatrix using the inverse of the submatrix.
add a column to the table with the given name and expression.
increments put and get time accumulators.
check if saturation is valid.
parses the given string for the given layout constant.
called when a pseudo property is changed from within the old object to the new one.
runs the given command in the given directory, logging the output in the given error message,
returns the selectable channel.
java. lang. date # date ( int, int, int, int, int,
create a string from a byte array tag.
adds some additional filters to the chooser.
retries regenumvalue ( ) max_attempts times before giving up.
parses the given string into a datetime object using the rfc - 822 format.
test whether the shapes in the rdf model satisfies the constraints associated with the shapes in the dataset
add an annotation on the page, it will not be changed until the page is closed (
this method returns preferred id for a succinct id passed in request or null if no match
checks and creates the directory if it doesn't exist.
assert the specified values have been received in the declared order.
whether a rebuild is needed due to redundant operations being written to the journal at a later
prints a float followed by a newline.
extracts the register translation from a & lt ; register - & gt ; parent register.
post processing on failed authentication.
build the interceptor array for the specified method.
removes all phi instructions in the given ir from all instructions in code order.
counts how many of the target string is contained in the token.
initializes a map from the tests to the set of covered goals.
build the interceptor array for the given method and resource.
checks gml footprint validity.
tests various methods of this class.
inverse cumulative probability density function ( inverse cumulative probability density function ) of the distribution.
creates a pbe cipher parameters from a pbe key.
initializes the orion editor. this is only called when the quick assist assistant is
writes a byte at the specified offset from this native object's base address.
add an error to the set of validation errors.
parse the given option setting string and put it in the given map.
calculates the client credentials using the previously generated password, salt, identity, and password.
finishes the building of the dictionary and the underlying lookup object.
parses the guided tour configuration from the json and starts the tour.
runs the test case using a random number generator.
add a listener that will be called when the button is triggered.
utility function to clamp the magnitude of a floating point value, assuming that it is in
called when the user has pressed the mouse click on the plot.
adjusts the bytecode index to the last prologue of an osr special method,
this method returns a string representation of the gdata object.
returns a copy of the vector consisting of vectors starting at offset and length + len.
randomly creates a directory with the given prefix. if the directory could not be created,
synchronizes all stored authentication data for the current user, but only if the current user
creates an element in the xml encryption space.
move all views remaining in mactiveviews to mscrapviews.
draws the wind line on the specified canvas with the specified x offset.
checks whether the http proxy settings has been set in the request.
true if this double is equal to its default value.
parse key - value pairs to a map. the key - value pairs are separated by the
this method gets called when the size of the widget is changed.
this method is called to determine if a new buffer need to be filled.
returns a websiteaddress corresponding to the given origin or host or pattern.
unit test for filter 001 writes to temporary file names and extension filters.
resets the pending tele missile attacks.
generates a padding byte for an input byte array.
add a sequence of commands to the command stack.
returns a textual representation of the matrix. example : [ 1, 2, 3, 4
adds the sequence of statements to the end of this sequence.
this method is called by fmradioactivity when the state of the fm radio activity has changed
improves elasticity for a given spot in the position of the track.
returns the contents of the http entity as a byte array.
returns the first foo in the ordered set where uuid = & # 63 ;.
rounds a float to the nearest decimal precision by multiplying the base 10 by 10.
creates a new instance of this runner.
is operating system windows me?.
converts a date to a string.
calculates the size of the given component based on its size, min and preferred size values
compares the given ast nodes for the same element type.
append the data to the given stringbuilder.
casts a long value to a string, check if it is in the range [ 0
reset the position to the beginning of the document, to the beginning of the document.
reads a single byte from the given input stream and returns it as an integer in the range
writes given data to the given file encoded in utf - 8.
returns true if the request is for idp proxy.
compile the prolog into java source.
removes all listeners from this object.
create a selectioninputdialog whose combobox can be editable.
creates the dictionary and lookup objects.
converts a fully qualified class name ( including the package name ) to a fully qualified resource
constructs a new uri with the specified scheme, specific part, and fragment.
adds an solution to the population with a unique id.
gets a copy of the internal buffer's byte array.
creates a disk on the specified project.
determines whether or not the given domain of the given host is associated with the given
removes the specified attribute from the list of enabled attributes.
generates the instruction to push the given handle on the stack.
creates the http post body with the specified boundary in front of the request body.
this method looks up the key in the standard keys map, if it exists, otherwise it
write the index to the output.
method that returns the property used to toggle the state of a node.
return the number of octets successfully decoded, or null if there are no octets in the buffer
construct a vector by appending one vector to another vector.
reverses ongoing ongoing animations or starts pending animations if no pending animation is running.
register this observer as a listener.
support for reporting changes for constrained integer properties.
correctness test for the jelinek - mercer lm model.
callback invoked when a list of sinks has been received for the given source.
converts the passed dto to an user entity.
writes the statement that drop the given foreign key from the given table.
locks the file. if the lock is already acquired, this method blocks until the lock is
write a point to a data object.
collects affected files. for example : project / test / test. dir / test.
update the position of a particle based on elapsed position and speed.
updates the positions and visibility of the tick labels.
returns if the given target position is within the bounds specified by startposition and endposition.
checks that we have consistent set of statement indices in the triple store.
show a badge for the given item id.
put an option value.
determines the target page based on the currentpage and the delta it takes into account
this method provide custom representation for a particular column and row type of the matrix that will be
clones this vector, replacing any values that are also contained in the specified source vector.
converts a glob into a regular expression, separated by a separator.
set a flag to indicate that we don't need loss or to calculate the weighting
returns a string array, where each element of the input string is separated by the specified separator
test splitproperties ( string ) with backslash escaped semicolons.
removes the object at the destination array offset.
creates a new dictionary adapter, which will open the database if it doesn't exist.
returns true if a tab is associated with a non - destroyed activity.
creates a new instance of this class.
this is the method that the file will be processed.
tells if there is a number coming on the current line.
constructs a new partial hull consisting of the two supplied points.
reads a short ( 16 bit ) from the source stream.
prints the string representation of the specified integer to the target.
creates a proximity node from a graph.
checks if zoning is required for the given varray.
sends a reply to the remote endpoint.
creates a ccdata object with the given delay and a list of frames. < p >
navigate to dump, setting the path selected to show the current path and scroll to show
add a list of messages to the end of the list, at the end of the list
make a random cache. entry with the given data and ttl.
tries to swap the current egl surface for the buffer represented by the egl display.
constructs a list of window of size windowsize.
builds the url path from the given json path.
underlying implementation of add ( array, index, element ) methods.
returns the double value of the address.
returns a matlab - formatted string of this matrix. example : ` [ 0, 1
construct an input reader from the given file.
create an object output stream for this file.
returns the set of keys for resident entries.
adds the given certificate to the list.
adds a policy listener to this policy cache.
verify the expired expired or ok status for the code passed in.
returns a new scripting engine for the given file extension.
tries to find a raw module with the given id in the given list of raw modules.
if args is equal to i, return it ; otherwise, return null.
obtains a local date in japanese calendar system from the proleptic - year
recover an entry from the keystore.
creates a urlloader with the given base url as the source url.
min ( ) for unequal bigdecimals.
create a new wiser.
concatenates elements to a array, creating a new array if both arrays are null.
truck camera - set camera position to position ( x, y ) - set camera position
shut down the scheduled executor service.
clears this builder. this builder will be empty but no new builder will be created.
returns a deflated version of current string that matches the previous string.
split a list into an index based on the size of the list ( i.
send an error log message.
add a propertychangelistener to the list of listeners.
recursively removes any files and directories under the given directory and then removes the file ( if
checks entries that have a minimum version for which there is at least one cached transaction with that
construct a dimensioned scalar field from a field value.
description of the method.
compute the standard deviation ( standard deviation ) for a given instance.
initializes all the components used by this parser.
inserts the specified element at the specified position in this list.
constructs a new multiplexer implied to use the provided data stores.
returns true if the given element matches the name pattern.
returns the given value if not null, or the given default value.
compares the key value with the last received message key, and returns - 1 if the
paint the car. this draws the car image, car position and car rotation.
converts the given string ( date / time ) into a java. sql. time object
choose an alias for a server to connect to based on the passed key type and issuer.
loggamma distribution pdf ( with 0. 0 for x & lt ; 0 ).
order line - charge. - updates priceactual from charge - sets priceactual from charge -
parses the template and returns the set of actors that will be run.
brokera < - > brokerb < - > brokerc.
write the xml document to the output stream.
discard the current thread.
converts a single leaf to an ast node.
write the values to a buffer.
registers a file type's matcher using the file name matcher.
parses an integer, based on a locale formatted integer.
returns a requestsecuritytokenresponse object based on the supplied xml string.
requests a previously - specified resource to be managed by the amrm service.
removes items by the player's level from the list of items collections.
returns the index of the largest value in an array that is greater than ( or equal to
add a symbol if it is not already present, and returns true if this symbol is already
converts special characters in the given string to their escaped version using the utf - 8 encoding
returns the number of elements in this list.
convert a string containing a base64 long into a long value.
returns the smallest ( " bottom " ) n values in the column.
computes the sum of sum of outlink authority score for a page.
called to close the graphics that will be drawn when the print bar is complete.
list the contents of the hdfs file system and return a list of filestatus.
appends a character sequence.
constructs a wizard for an initial object creation page.
unwraps user data ( from ssl connection ).
returns true if the specified attribute handle is specified.
checks that the current user has the permission'joda - time.
store password to shared state map.
delete a child node from the policy node list.
float value plus zero.
waits for the termination of the process to finish and returns the exit status and result.
responsible for refreshing the inherited methods of this meta class.
overridden to set the canceled flag to indicate the relation is stopped.
this method will change the annotationdocument's state and create it if it doesn't
remove an edge and its neighbour.
perform a long key press using the specified key code.
returns true if at least one of the nodes matching the given pattern is a descendant of this
write a buffer to a file.
looks inside the resource bundle for the language and if that resource is available and generates a
returns true if object is a cglibproxy or false if it is a proxy object.
calculate the indents of the image when the crop rect has been rotated.
tests fix for bug # 10630 - statement.
checks repeated boolean field equality ; null - value and 0 - length fields are considered equal.
bring the given annotation to the front.
add a frame to the animation queue.
prints the given code point in a readable format.
make sure that the minidump file is cleaned up on disk.
start ssl shutdown process. this function will be called when the ssl shutdown process is done.
this method is called by native code in order to extract thumbnail from an image.
write the contents of the pkg - info file in the bundle properties cf to make it easier
convert to an array of events.
decode the distinguished name value from der.
process an attribute string of type t_prefix_list into a string vector.
returns a deep copy of the categorical results.
dump a long into a string.
type a special character. special characters are defined as tab, enter, and tab.
compares two objects, returning true if both objects are either null or are equal.
returns true if the mime - type is one of the predefined mime - types.
returns an iterable view of notifications whose id is greater than or equal to the given start id
converts an object to a pdx data structure and writes it to the given writer.
write a single byte.
returns true if the priority queue is empty, or false if a priority queue is empty.
create a new viterbipoint with the given item.
draws the bottom edge of the border around the content border.
emits the sql list adder for a field.
parses a pem encoded rsa key.
returns a publisher that will consume all the elements of the source publisher, in parallall
returns the next interval from the given start time to the current time.
adds the specified variable to the queue of declared variables.
converts the simple url to its canonical representation.
read the output of a process from a file, using the pid specified in the constructor.
calculates the duration of the animation, which determines the duration of the effect based on the
compute the norm of a vector. < p > assumes that all elements in the vector are
determines the height of this view.
add a byte data to the specified index in the buffer.
calculates the mean of the vector.
create a new sprite with a position and a velocity.
closes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with this stream.
creates a new sync token based on a given date and uuid.
returns true if a and b are equal, whether or not both are null.
initialize the flagz instance and the client, which will be used to access the flagz
close inputstream without throwing exception.
test the value of the extremity monitor with a small number of random numbers in the range
replaces a substring of a string with a new string.
newform ( ) - edit a form for the new form appconfig.
canonicalizes the union of this declaration and returns the canonical form.
open an other application with the given url.
wait for all active and live replicas in the zkstate.
inserts the specified object at the end of this vector.
check to see if property rp_copy_name is set to true. this is a
split path into a list of parent file names.
returns true if the current taxa are compatible with the available taxa.
draws the text of a label.
indicates whether this instance contains any map objects.
performs all actions that have been registered with this exception handler.
returns the roots of all threads in a depth - first way.
add an override name translation to the override field, this is needed when the override name is
returns the minimum amount of space the layout can use to display this layout.
checks to see if a resource in the given group has changed.
create a telurl from a uri string.
creates a svm algorithm with a defined support vector for the given example set.
restarts the engine. after this operation, the engine will be restarted with a new one
creates a new sorter.
gets the string representation of this character.
log probability density function ( p ( x_0 ) for x & lt ; 0 )
generate the format object for the codec's name.
report a start of a comment.
returns the maximum element of this stream according to the provided key extractor function.
finds a subtree by the commit counter.
creates and starts the animation based on the current set of animations.
prints the exception's stack trace and returns the stacktrace as a string.
split a variable into two parts, the first part is the variable name and the second is
callback from the native launcher's onchildthreadresumeend ( ).
create a transportprotocolmonitor for the mbean server.
update the table with the where clause and the set of values that were passed as parameter.
stops the video fading edges screen timer.
removes the specified listener from receiving timeout events.
reads the properties from the given file and adds the new values to the global input properties.
adds lock object to table lock map, if it has not yet been added.
get random element from the list.
method that updates the given map with the given new qual annotations and returns the updated map.
join the current thread executing the given method, waiting for the given amount of time for the
defines a local variable within a specified slot.
returns a connection with the database.
warn the user of an error, and possibly throw an exception.
invoked when mouse button has been pressed on a component.
decodes the base 64 encoded string str ( decoded using the specified encoding ) into the byte
executes the given function on the given line of the given file, with the given arguments
returns a set view of the keys contained in this object.
output a list as xml.
returns the result of multiplying the integer vectors a and f.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
appends a java representation of the given character to the given string buffer.
print the current chain map in a human - readable format : [ 1, 2 ].
returns a vector of options corresponding to the enumeration.
add a token to the token list.
utility method for filterlargevaluessets.
add the platform ident and agent name tags to the builder.
try to find the build number from the meta data.
creates a random left regular bipartite graph.
prepare the list of views that can be focus ( and touch if it's in the
configures the credentials, user agent and accept headers as per oauth core 1.
convert from integer to title ( base 10 ).
unescapes the character identified by the character or characters that immediately follow a backslash.
process input and output with given packfilename.
instantiates a new runtime configuration object.
converts a double to a string representation of a number in the current locale.
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
converts a list of longs into an array of primitive longs.
updates the menu state.
putremoves all entries in the underlying map, which are present both extra and missing entries
format a list of strings to a single string.
this method is called when a notification listener is removed from the adaptor.
cummin / cummax, opcode : ucummin / ucummax, dense input
given a source file and a list of module specifications that possibly contain wildcards, expand the list
returns a string containing a formatted string containing all of the contents of the error state info objects
getissuernames ( ) method testing.
initialises the checkpoint generator and reads the records from kinesis and sets up the shardrecords iterator
creates a new instance of a data source based on the options specified in the specified properties object
returns the degree of the argument in degrees.
add a static view to the list that shows the header of the recyclerview.
determine if the given systemid points to an absolute path.
init demand and collection map.
returns the i - th instance specifier.
creates a shaped crafting recipe based on a format string.
write & lt ; tag & gt ; value & lt ; / tag & gt ; to
writes a portion of an array of bytes.
connects to a server on a specific port.
called when a batch of instances is finished.
method to configure the okhttpclient used to send requests to the jetty server.
parse the content of the specified file.
get suite of the default jvm jvm, with all options set to false.
load xml into object.
create an omraster, lat / lon placement with an imageicon.
attempts to start dequeueing resource threads, returning whether or not there are more threads running.
this method gets called when a bound property is changed.
asserts that the given objects are equal.
convert a gsm flag into a human readable string of the form : < gsm -
formats a sql statement from the given object with the given expression.
appends an indentation sequence to the current line.
creates a simple layout and adds it to the list of childviews.
compile a list of projects.
prints information about the contacts on the p_list.
moves the promise to the resolved state and triggers all done / always callbacks.
adjusts the name of the given node if it does not already have a name already.
create a snapshot with the data from the passed unity snapshot.
save the configuration to the file system.
computes the length of a list, given a list of strings and a delimiter.
constructs the uri from the template, substituting in the provided arguments.
disposes the native data associated with p_data and p_config_info from the
writes the kanji resource file in the same directory as the specified kanji resource
creates a new scannerexception for a file with a message.
render the normals into a texture.
find all resources of a type.
calculates the total y value.
increments the reference count for this operation on the ledger returns true if this operation was
computes the size of the list ( number of asts ) contained in this tree.
finds a tcp listener connection for the given thread id.
estimates the probability distribution, given the values in min and max ( inclusive ).
read a repository meta data from a stream.
returns true if this datatype is a primitive type.
appends a line to the table.
called after the object is dumped to the database as a result of the query.
returns true if node s is a member of this map.
persist any files that need to be deleted upon jvm exit.
add an element to the list to be written at a time. this method is thread -
load the given unit.
performs cleanup for a worker, and decides whether it should be terminated or not.
finishes writing compressed data to the output stream without closing the underlying stream.
frees the object. if the object is free to be allocated it is returned to the
returns true if the given key has a registered binding, null otherwise.
create an instance of a internal service to be managed by the apimanager.
checks if the given directory has an index.
create a new tagged output stream with the given output stream.
build and return the list of messages built in this builder. this method is not thread -
stores given short value.
hashes the input array twice and returns the result.
creates a new fsm that loads from the given url.
associates the specified value with the specified key in this map.
makes the object immutable.
returns the native path of the library or, if that native path could be found, and
remove a component listener to be notified when the status of the component changes.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns true if the string is null or 0 - length.
encodes a single ganglia metrics value and then compares the response to the expected
determines if a term can be indexable, based on the length of the term
sends a response with given status, headers and data.
decode the base64 string using the given encoding.
locks the object ( synchronized ) before calling wait ( and then blocks until the shutdown is signal
appends the given connection to the list of connections.
calculates the euclidean distance between this point and another one.
converts a string to an integer value, falling back to the defaultvalue if the string
creates a chainfrom, adds the given item to the end of the chain, and returns
caution : while the background thread should be slowed down, updates of the gui have
start processing events. this method will block until either a shutdown signal is received or an event
get all keys of all the files in the cache.
creates a new dialogue recorder connected to the given dialogue system.
generate a unique future id.
reschedules for any alarms that are no longer equal to the current time.
add the given name to the list of possible names for the dataset.
perform an asynchronous min operation.
changes to a new state.
converts gmonthday object representation to string.
adds a new test to the list of tests to be run.
swap elements i and j.
convert the ipt object into a list of basicnamevaluepairs with feed url.
allows this closeable to be used within the given closure, ensuring that it is closed
implements the ismatch ( string, linkedlist ) method.
adds a server to the cluster.
adds a single leaf to the tree.
format the given timestamp into a string.
set the " content - length " request header to the given value.
draw to the canvas, returning true if the frame is to be drawn.
modify lun in user's owner / owner / lun / { resourceid } / {
replaces all occurrences of this string with a replacement string.
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values.
returns true if this synapse is similar to other synapse, or if it is a
track a track of events in the google analytics space.
add a tuple to the internal list.
add song to this playlist.
filter out all child elements of a certain class that have a certain name.
emits a map putter method for objects with the given field name.
hashcode based equality. < br > o is considered equal if they have the same hash
provides the right name of the node for display.
parses all the json events in the given text and returns them as an arraylist.
removes a listener that is notified each time a change to the data model occurs.
replaces the occurrences of a substring in this builder with another string.
adds a permission to a directory recursively.
runs a task that will occur after a period of time that the timeout has been reached.
learns a new device and associates it with a switch.
determines whether the given type signature is a valid type signature.
remainder of division of equal numbers.
recursively searches the action groups for visible children and updates the presentations state.
checks that the given type snippet contains at least the given number of arguments.
shuffles the weights between 0 and 1, and make sure it is ok to do
saves the image at the specified location with the specified compress format and quality.
returns true if the file is valid, false otherwise.
remove this class from the list of src classes.
updates the range based on a new value.
close the current scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket.
append the given byte array to the buffer.
check if we have enough space on phone.
method to handle the cancel button.
adds the given value for the given attribute.
converts the given old value to the new value if the old value is a string,
returns the utf - 8 escaped string representation of the z - value of the interval interval interval
records a dialogue state.
writes a sequence of unicode codepoints, from a portion of a character sequence, into this
creates a new instance of wpsserversocket class which can be used to establish a communication
verifies that the given file can be zipped.
performs a cleanup of the pool, evicting the connection that has been idle for too
creates an empty stateinfo instance.
compares two objects, and returns true if they are equal.
generate a 64 - byte binary containing the seed to be used as the first key in the
determine if we need to check to exclude classes.
convenience method for decoding a hex string to a byte array.
creates a list of user namespace authorizations from the list of user namespace authorization entities.
method to read the header of the body.
draws two text in the graphics at the specified location.
compares two percent objects.
create a new clone of the predicated node test with the same proximity values as this
returns true if the point p is outside the preferred size of the cell for the given table
adds the folder to scan for source files in the directory to scan.
create the suspend srdf method.
calculates the minimum value of a difference between 0 and 1, given the difference between 0
create a server socket that is connected to the given port.
prints the specified number of bytes from the given byte array, encoded as utf - 64
delete the native consistency group corresponding to the native consistency group id specified.
find the index in the list of key - value comments for a given key, if present
returns true if the cookie is expired.
this method checks if add - to - home intent supported by the android system.
create a new inmemoryentrystore.
constructs a class annotator with a set of additional properties or using the default codebase.
get the next pseudorandom, uniformly distributed int value from this random number generator.
saves the contents of the connection to the cache, if the content - type header is
parse a title and return a two element array, one for title [ 0 ] and title
get the selection string.
calculates the ratio of excitatory synapses to the number of synapses in this
a repository root has been removed.
insert an element into the priority queue.
constructs a message without specifying a message id.
wraps a linux command to set / set uid, user id, and chown command
parse a sql query ( which may contain sub - query ) into a dml query
returns the index of the given element in the given level.
returns the number of attributes in the list.
consumes a tag name from the queue.
method to sort the tree in the place of the feature sequence ( int [ ] ).
removes all listeners from the dispatcher.
decrypts the given binhex string ( must be padded on 4 bytes ) and returns the
l_f ( x, y ) = f ( x, y ) = l_
add the ids recursively ( recursively ) to the hull.
update the attributes of an existing printserviceattributeevent to indicate that it's value has
convenience method for decoding data to a file.
evicts idle slots that are evictable. evictable idle slots are evictable and
generates a random population based on the fitness function for each individual.
create a new session that can be used to track the actual system time in milliseconds since the
consulta el lista de visitante cadastrados na base de dados.
check that all values returned from the table are of the same length and contain the same values
appends the provided char value to this writer.
insert all the instructions in the given list before the given s.
create a new builder. this is used by the unit tests to test for changes to the
this will return the number of elements in the array, you should guarantee to be able to
make sure clean - up processings have been called before the user requested to clean - up
popt ( x, y ) = popy ( x, y ).
description of the method.
delete the attribute value.
pushes an element attribute set at the top of the list of attribute sets.
this animation should finish the scroll stacks when the user has reached the rendered state of the tab
add a new range with no from value.
sends response using given soap message factory and sets specified content type and writes document to response
replace all occurrences of a character in a string.
returns the input source code text.
canonicalizes a path by removing segments that don't start with " [ ", "
creates a new inmemorymessageexpressorstore instance for the given network configuration and token
go to the next song in the playlist.
draws the given bitmap with a stroke at the given location with the given radius.
get the mqtt device this instance is communicating with.
start collecting scan results in a separate thread.
the default implementation of this method is to throw an ioexception if the input stream is closed
converts the given number of pixels to meters.
adds the given character to the buffer, truncating the buffer if necessary.
computes the length of a vector.
create an instance of the cache to be used for communication with the mcast master.
creates a new attribute list panel.
this class should never be instantiated.
removes the given photo from this user.
performs a binary search for the specified element in a range of the specified sorted array.
computes the best score for a read in a given classification.
converts the list to an array of elements, in the same order as the list.
add a failure to the list of failures.
dump a stack of parsed symbols, in debug mode.
turns the given set of category names into a set of lower - case strings.
register a listener for a server that was registered with the serverkey specified.
this method will upload a file to the server. this method will only update the status of
creates a new sslsocket that is connected to the same server as the given socket.
format the node, recursively.
server helper method to register a jmx mbean.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream, removing prior exif tags.
sorts the objects in this adapter using the specified comparator.
returns true if the given exception is caused by a regiondestroyexception or regiononlineexception.
appends the json representation of the specified string to the end of this array.
create a new magicvariablesargumentbundle object.
set ups the parameters for video capture.
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects.
method that converts a string representation of an is date into a corresponding date object.
create a dom document from an input stream. < p / > todo : investigate
obtains the string representation of this object.
reset message count. should be called only on event dispatch thread.
schedule a task task at a fixed rate after a given time has been reached.
copies the value of the realm attribute from the specified attributevalue.
copy a file in the assets directory to the'src'directory of the assets folder.
check if this object is identical to the given object.
if ( d < 0 ) + ( 1 / 0 ), return d + ( 1
returns the three - way distance, the distance between key k1 and key k2.
discards leading and trailing whitespace from the given data.
create an asynchronousselector, which will open the file descriptor at the current thread.
removes the child at the specified index from this element's list of children.
find the differences between the two strings given by the given anchor point.
paint the given painter using the given transform at the specified position and size.
load the given directory into the given module candidate.
checks if any suppressed exception of the given type is present in the exception's suppressed list
write a variable size long.
updates data to be signed or verified, using the specified byte.
writes this queue to a stream ( that is, serializes it ).
this method checks if the initiator passed in is a rp initiator or not.
initialise the request adapter. this method is only called when ready ( ) is true.
method to read configuration file in dml directory, optionally from path. if configfile is
if there is no field with the given key, then associate the given value with the specified
combines the results from multiple reads into one.
determine if we have a retina device.
print an object into standard output and then close this stream.
creates a new activityresolveinfo object.
[ < rn >, + / - < rm >, lsr # < shift_
ends formals. if hasformals is set to true then adds a new line to
determines if the next character is a letter or digit.
extract the project name out of the project uri if present.
add a new reference to the end of the list of references.
resets the notes in status2 to stdstatus2, if an error was encountered during
add a required property to the requirements.
determines whether the point x, y will add a new point to the current pattern
constructs an headrule according to the rule : < head - tag - set > <
or for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
submits a task to run, waiting if the queue is full, or if there is
subtract two numbers of different scales using mathcontext ; the first is positive.
create a xsqlda based on the data source from the given row descriptor.
overwrites a value in a given vector with a truncated length.
checks if a string is null or empty.
add scroll view listener.
tries to get a set of callbacks, but only if they are the same ones.
begin an update of the memory based on the number of bytes that have already been updated.
translates a java2d point on the chart to a screen location.
update traffic projections based on where the traffic has to be projected ( if any ) and
sends a log message with the specified level and a stack trace for a throwable to the
reads a single character from this stream and returns it as an integer in the range from 0
decode bcd into a string of the form " rrd " or " rrd "
draws the background of this sprite.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
adds the specified panel to the list of panels if it isn't already there.
invokes the wildcardexpander function, if it is non - null.
creates a new ip interface.
collects the edit proposals for the current selected view.
creates a new instance.
ensures that the default namespace is set in the result name if the image does not have
returns map containing the given entries.
tests the filtered classifier.
upper case the first character of a string.
method which choose a random index based on the proportions given in the proportionarray.
checks the width of the rectangle and adjusts the page coordinates if necessary.
groups the passed in components by their parents and their children children.
counts the number of non - newline characters.
this function converts a sparse grid index span to a sparse grid index that contains at least one
compares two rules for equality.
return description of the object.
adds the given role ( s ) to the list of roles claimed by the signer.
writes a map to a stream.
causes the currently executing thread to sleep for the specified amount of time.
restore the previous system. out and system. err stream to the current one.
crt - create a crt from a list of congs and moduli.
determines the height of this view.
puts a byte array into this byte vector.
wait for a stage change to occur in the given document.
creates a new action with the given content and priority.
creates list of islands that adjacent to chunkx, chunky, will have one
4b windowid | 2b operatorid | 3b tupleid.
calculates the size of an overlap and sets the given width and height to indicate that the
moves the current tile position to the next available tile.
if any of the equipments is myomer booster, then they're
checks if an intent is available on the device. < p > note : the intent is
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # wrap ( bytebuffer src, int off
sends an http connect request to the server.
return true if the given certificate is self - signed by the signer, false otherwise.
this method calls proc insertuserroles and adds a record in the database.
find the nearest hundreds of words near the given start position.
construct a derutc time from a date / time.
adds a new category / value pair to the category - value list.
rewinds the reader so that all used parameters are reassigned to the current reader.
merge a list of intervals into one list. sort the intervals according to their start time.
formats the type rep into a string suitable for printing to the console.
gets the sha1 hash of all keys in the keystore.
pans the domain axis over to the range in which the subplot's domain axis is
initializes all controller components used by this checkview.
create the check box as an icon label.
close the window and dispatch the window event.
deletes the entry identified by the given alias from this keystore.
constructs a set containing only the specified number of disjoint elements.
prints final clusters in a human - readable format.
add this object to the gui for this object in the gui interface.
removes the cat at the given index from the array.
wrap the content into a tokenstream with the given field.
shove p_trace_polyline to a portion of p_trace_polyline
deletes the file ( folder ) and only if it is a folder.
this function expands an array of doubles to a buffer of size specified by buffersize.
encodes a value using the specified number of nibble values.
skips bytes. this method will block until some bytes are available, an i / o
creates the lock file.
handles edit ds request.
the workhorse of get is to get the value for the specified key.
this is called when a swf loaded event is triggered.
sends a quick reply to the user.
writes a byte array to the disk at the specified offset.
this method determines whether the hash code of the config has changed since the initial hash was changed
makes sure that the same layout and layout is compatible, but only when the layout is
binds the socket socket to the supplied addresses.
set the page header for a specific callback state.
creates a service object from a timetable.
removes the specified object from the list, if it is present, otherwise does nothing
set allowed users. < p > if no filtering is required, no filtering is required.
finds the distributed device with the given name.
reads and returns a copystate object from the specified input stream.
notify all tasks that are waiting.
constructs new requestparams based on the given array of string keys and string values.
return true if the file should be overwritten by another file.
instantiates a new tv show update datasource task.
find the line start containing the given offset, or - 1 if no line starts contain the
clears the current selection.
returns a new non - movable array with the given component type and length.
finds the file and its includes recursively, if it can be found in any of the
ensure that the proxy connection is available and re - using the server if necessary.
convenience method to add a single message to the set of'messages'to be send
constructs a key from a sha - 256 hash.
returns a new array that contains the concatenated contents of the given arrays.
test both the forward and backward flags of a way are comparision and the expected flags
read a number of bytes from the input stream and return it in an array.
how big should this be? : 1 << ( n - 1 ).
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a new join clause which will join the given data objects using the provided alias.
shorthand method for closing the journal file.
get list of all interfaces visible from the server.
clears the data lists associated with an obd service.
makes an edge from " o " to " d " and adds it to the graph
sorts a list of seqs alphabetically.
associate the given value with the specified key.
insert all files in subdirectory subdirectory of directory directory, relative to directory directory.
create the button edge shape.
dispose of object, releasing resources.
tests the scenario for calling the methods that you want to call.
creates the reserve disk cache directory if it exists or creates it if it doesn't exist
tells whether or not this resource has been registered for the given resource name.
calls the super method and reads the is_leaf flag from the specified input stream.
creates an empty map with the default initial capacity ( 3 buckets ) and load factor.
returns a copy of this criteria with an " or " clause added to the current criteria.
returns a new connection pool based on the given servers, username, password, and heartbeat interval
creates a new printfformat object.
if we're running on junit 3, the cause of an exception should be set
creates a new messagepropertykey.
adds a waiting node for the current thread to be executed in the given mode.
checks if the filled sorted set is a bounded set of strings.
paints the border of the given component.
restores the checkpoint oper object by serializing it and storing it in the byte array
reads the class file from the specified input stream.
checks if is supported for this host by using the passed in hcinegotiator.
creates a new debugger template object.
converts a chart shape to a screen shape.
adds the given window to the list of windows to be closed when this application shuts down
instantiates a new performance logger.
authenticates the request using the provided list of discoveries and returns the return_to
create a hash from a hex string.
find the longest common subsequence of the longtext and the shorttext and return the longest
determines if the specified pin is a run or not.
returns the correct type for the provided uri string, essentially just the scheme part of the
add a glue box to the ui.
checks if the given string represents a literal resource reference that is assumed to be a literal resource
block until all nodes leave the cluster. returns true if there are nodes to leave.
returns an enumeration of the members of this principal group.
adds a property name to the select - clause and an " as " - name to the
adds an interface to the class.
cuts from the given string from beginning to the first index of provided substring.
gets content from the registry at the given url.
iterator will return same values as received messages, but does not remove next element.
initializes the loginview with the given remoteauthenticateduser object.
invokes the finalize ( ) method on the given object.
removes the tv show.
checks the compliance of the device policy and return the compliance object.
checks if object is an instance of given class.
inserts the specified object at the specified location in this list.
returns the age of the cache response.
returns the index of an element in the array ( shifted to the left ).
invalidates all switch points registered in the class.
converts a vdcinfo to vdcconfig param.
creates a new instance of the osxmethodproxy class.
makes the prediction of the given instance the normalized form and then performs the denormalized prediction
called at the end of the wizard ( s ), and at the end of each of
returns true if the given attachment point is valid according to the current topology.
fires an event to all registered listeners.
creates a new request object that can be used to execute a batch of an image stored in
returns the rgb value for the given pixel data.
check to see if the digits that are going to be truncated because of the precision should force
add a component to the bottom of the tree. you can set the constraints of the layout
method to delete a set of directory files. returns true if all the files could be deleted
creates a new directory in the specified directory and if cleanup is true is called at the end
emits the initializer part of the generated source code.
reads cookie from request header, ignoring special characters such as'http : / / www.
merge this resource's qualifiers into the result, if it's not already contained in
this method translates a native string to a byte array for a given native format.
creates a preview buffer that serves as a byte array for the specified preview size.
inserts the given box at the specified position.
creates a position for the given offset, creating a stickyposition if necessary, or if there
returns a string with the given number of padding at the end of the given string.
resets the underlying transformat object's current dtx and invdtx to its
registers an activitylistener so that it will be notified when the user presses the " edit
mute the given username, if it is not already muted.
the real real guts of parsenetworkresponse.
overridden so we can adjust the cursor if necessary to ensure that the orientation changes.
returns whether no widget is selected.
writes remaining data to the output stream and closes the underlying stream.
create a new instance of a parcelableadapter for the given list of items.
fill an array with random bytes.
draws a triangle to indicate the presence of far - out values.
returns true if the name of this class is a " java library " ( i.
process the list of namedobjects to see if any of them pass the query.
check if we've crossed the touch slop for the given child view.
create element to represent an end point in the entity.
provide a string representation of this date / time pattern for use as a format for this
test where each operation locks one or more resources.
report the start of an element.
returns a copy of the data written to a newly allocated byte array.
converts a date string to a calendar.
convert bitmap to byte array.
saves a single template file with given line separator.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
add a new transform node to the list of parts to be merged together with the existing transform
after processing the flood fields, we need to take care to change the level of the
expands a two - digit string into a list of english words.
returns the index of the first occurrence of a character in the specified character range.
create a new diagnostic factory, with the given messages and prefix.
clean up and check the frontier is empty.
checks if is enabled.
calculates the variance of x using the empirical measure of the mean.
helper method to stash the user information in the request and response.
sends the location list of all locations.
this method serializes a text node to the xml serializer.
returns true if the visual is inside a soft wrap.
returns true if the rule applies to the current world.
resets the list to its initial ( empty ) state.
moves the current position forward by 1, and returns the new position.
set the current row index to be the same as the growing prio for the specified
flush the internal buffer to the underlying file, starting at the given offset.
generates a label for the section with the given key in the given dataset.
remove a graph listener.
fade out from the top of the list. override this if you need some sort of
execute a backup command, using the passed in command - line arguments as the arguments.
increments the current value of the cursor by the given offset.
creates a service configuration instance by reading a properties file and using it to create a service configuration
splits the given sentence into its words, and returns the vocabulary as an int array.
checks if a list of actions is empty or is empty.
adds a string to the dictionary. creates a new dictionary if the dictionary is not yet created
returns a deep copy of the given array.
checks if an identifier is a valid tag.
wait for all messages to arrive.
constructs a date from a string containing two 12 - digit month - day and year.
copy all the file or directory from one directory to another.
instantiates a new map object.
reads the specified number of bytes from the buffer and returns them as an array.
encodes a string using the default charset of this encoder.
tests comparison of different number of attributes.
create a new inspacepredicate that accepts only the passed values. < p >.
recursively deletes any files and subdirectories and then removes the file ( or directory ) itself.
prepare a list of sort keys for use in sql query.
convert ofinstructionexperimenter to string.
prints out a list of magnitudes for all the magnitudes of the current motions
creates zookeeper client and starts it.
returns a tool tip with a description string for a cv number and a mask.
reads until the end character is reached, or the end character is reached, or the end
helper method to convert the attributes from the source to the output html attributeset.
close the input stream and release the buffer.
update the amount in the connector based on the total amount of the invoice.
test the creation of a dataset with no attributes.
evaluate the string tree rooted at the given element context, and return the result as a
reads the given dex file and returns it as a byte array.
add a listener to be notified when the animator has been updated.
run commercial on a channel.
adds the children to the store at the given index.
generate the while portion of the while statement.
returns the value of the gamma function : gamma ( a, x ) = gamma ( a
this method initializes the active slots list.
converts action type ( delete, get, post, put, patch ) to intent format
appends a hidden prefix to the given key.
gets the token from the data and removes it from the token map.
returns true if the given array contains an explicit all type.
reads until the next delimiter is found.
this class cannot be instantiated.
returns true if this node is a leaf node ( no children ).
checks to see if the text is valid, as defined in the draft - ietf specification.
interrupts the specified thread.
write the list of attributes to a stream ( that is, serializes it ).
creates a border layout container for the given component.
does an putall ( ) and return the eventid generated. eventid1 is passed
loads the layout from the given file.
keep track of a file being uploaded, and track it as a result of the deletion of
converts all separators to the unix separator of forward slashes.
determines whether or not a parameter with the given name has.
returns the size of the key and value streams for the given window id.
returns true if the given identifier is a " sq_prefix " identifier.
sorts the given list in according to the given comparator.
commits the current state of the journal.
tells whether or not the name of a task should be appended at the end of
converts null - terminated xml string to empty spaced xml string.
makes a random cache entry.
find the maximum of all elements in the array, ignoring elements that are nan.
checks if the line contains a start element ( " [ ", ", " ).
parses a long value from the underlying stream.
removes the instance at the specified position in the list.
extracts the access key from the given s3 uri.
do one transaction operation.
add the given value to the set of values to be returned by the tostringhelper.
copy from source to destination, with a exception to remove the element at specified index.
creates a new instance of sitemonitor.
create a set from the two ip addresses whose submasks are the union of the two ip
returns the vertex with the specified id.
atomically adds to current value, returning the new value.
this method is called when the user presses the " label " button and presses the
computes the norm ( norm of a vector ) of the length.
p_loss - p - empirical loss.
write the entry to the given output stream.
creates a new instance of a closeablestaticbitmap.
reads in a label file separated by a separator and ensure that the resulting string starts with the
add a converter to the set of converters if the converter does not already exist in the set
parses the content of this object using the configured xstream property.
returns a map containing the given from and to maildirmaildirmaildir
display the contents of the spatial index file.
compares param from java diff with reflection and returns true if they are the same.
fill an array with random numbers.
escape some characters in the given text so that it can be written to a json output file
writes this stream to the specified output stream.
check the headings of a header.
returns an iterator over the elements in this set.
invoked when the mouse wheel has been moved.
according to func_equals function, provided a set of input strings. if the comparison
returns true if this imf is equivalent to the other imf.
loads the workspace screen ids in the db.
renders the output of the node to the writer.
the default routine. parses the string and formats it.
multiply this matrix by a given scale.
toggles the state of the spinning window : 1 ) get the current state of
returns a buffer of segments centered on the specified distance from the center of the given geometry.
after the suspiscious rsp time, we have to record the end time of
checks if the user is accessible to kibana, i.
clear the list. the list will be empty and fire the table data changed if any.
maps a type to its primitive type, throws an exception if not found.
load xml from the given file.
converts any type of object to a string.
using the trigonometric unit circle, calculate the positions of the text on the screen.
flushes this journal writer to make room for more data.
if len of old shared is not equal than maxsharednames, then it is expanded to
adds a property that is used in the request body to this connection.
updates the member address and the time updated.
is organization level only ( shared ). - adid is organization level only.
use this to decrement the runnable counter as a runnable, not to decrement the runnable counter again
handles actions from within the property panel.
serialize an object to a byte array.
return the modulepointer associated with the given module, or null if no such module was found
adds a certstore to the certificate store set on the keystore.
creates a new narclassloader, which loads and loads the classes from the given directory
returns the current block.
substitutes the types in the original parameter array with the types in the substitution array.
check if the view is scrolling according to the mouse pointer position and the motion event.
tests whether a single filter is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains the same filter.
creates a new edge from the given source and destination points, using the given symbol for the
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack.
create a new extendedtextlabel.
returns a string consisting of " s ", but with padding applied to the right.
test whether a given feature is supported for a given version of the model.
atomically removes all of the elements from this queue.
extracts a quoted string from the current reader and returns it.
outputs the confusion matrix in a csv file.
subtract two positive numbers of the same length.
assigns an id value to the given data object.
writes a " swapped " integer to an output stream.
returns true if the manager is closed.
same as performfind but takes a list instead of an iterator instead of an entitylist iterator
gets the contents of a soapelement as a plain text string.
closes the output stream and deletes the file locked by this writer.
instantiates all necessary camera objects.
compares two values. if either of the values is null, the value is equal to
write a boolean to the stream.
train with a set of strings. for each word in s_file_list the training
test de busqueda open ldap con atributos with limit.
creates a new printfformat instance.
computes the squared product of two double precision values.
write an integer value to an outputstream in big - endian byte order.
queues the loading of a cube for the given tile, but only if it has already been
check if there is any object available and the time it should be, according to the given
invoked when the button is clicked.
get largest message id for release.
remove a changelistener from this changelistener.
gets a snapshot of the request log of the current thread, removes it from the request log
url decode a string ( assumed to be utf - 8 ).
test of gettables ( ) method, of class hbase.
adds the specified collection at the end of the array.
removes a log file name from the list of current log files.
initialize compose state to signal that compose is complete.
called when the user chooses to add toolbars to the window.
parses a date value.
constructs a new file filter for the given pattern and case - sensitivity.
executes the given sql statement and returns the result set.
writes a byte array to the output stream and increments the number of bytes written by the number
encodes a string using utf - 8 to make it url - encoded.
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation.
parse a string into a float, removing leading and trailing whitespace.
create a new instance of a content class that implements the specified java content interface.
request a password for a file with or without a link to share the user with the user
create a new arraylist to hold all the zero elements in the stack, to avoid memory
stores the entry with the specified key into the cache.
compute the enlargement for an existing object and adds it to another object.
intersect this clip with another region.
tests whether this type can get the int value.
adds next waiter, if none exists, or replaces previous waiter with the same condition.
clears the cache, allowing subsequent calls to be reused later.
strip banned code units from the given string.
asserts that the lines of actual and the expected lines are equal.
prints a warning message and terminates the test.
get the full form of the singular and plural form, given a lower and upper string.
clears the password expiration warned time.
utility method to sanitize a locale object so that it's suitable for use in the
appends the time zone to the given string buffer, depending on the general time zone string
removes all the listeners from the current object and unbinds the synthetic binding if any.
pad a string to a minimum of totalchars characters by padding the beginning of the string.
set whether the scores should be shown. if not, the scores will not be shown.
writes the given data to the given file using the default encoding of the file system.
the kernel function of the kernel function.
open connection to h2 database.
emits a sql command to clear the value of a field.
start recoarding by clearing out the current coordinates and setting the enabled flag to false
add an input method listener.
add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list.
this method is called to load the classes of the specified driver, if one exists it is
add a document to the writer.
this is used to register a command class with a set of known commands.
prints that the column is an auto increment column.
set the pusher app id to the current pusher app url and pusher file tag
write the block light value to the buffer.
executes a search and returns the search results in a string.
find the next group of the next element that matches the given pattern.
adds a new duration to the metrics.
paint the background solid for the common control.
adds the default values to a service's attribute.
encodes the product part of the user's profile into a single string.
this method returns true if the entry's metadata has been modified since the last publication for
specify a list of resource directories that should be used in the traversal traversal.
sets the generics type of a class node if the useclass flag is true, otherwise returns
pushes the import url on top of the stack.
generates the message from the results of the query.
sorts the test tree in alphabetical order.
appends the given events to the given array and returns the new array.
adds a marker to this log with the specified name for the specified thread.
replaces a with b in c.
enables and enables the final button so that it reflects the member variables of the
wsptypedecoder test, normal pdu.
remove all elements from the list.
checks if the given file is writable.
creates new instance of gmpublishpriority.
validates that the relying party entity id is not null and is not empty.
rotate transformation around the x - axis and y - axis.
create a service host factory for a given instance of a service.
notify the outbox that there is a new reference to the outbox for the current thread
calculates the number of columns.
constructs a new optional with the given value.
create a new container using the supplied consumer factory and container properties.
deletes the entry from the keystore.
returns the named group in the result of the given matcher.
translates the line by p_vector and returns the new line.
rejects a command if it is likely to require execution by another thread.
calculates the height of the menu in pixels, this corresponds to the menu margin.
add a ram to the pending list for this phase.
convert an array of resource id colors to a list of the colors that corresponds to the resources
test the configuration files property with overwriting the existing file.
get salt bytes from header.
add a projector listener.
computes the next tuple expression based on the given expressions, using the given cardinality map,
write the given number in bcd format to the output stream.
add a message to the history.
start the executor for a given container.
convert a date string to a date using the specified formatter.
r. test ( this ), and then calls the visit method on all the entries.
load latest version of extensions from the registry.
saves the information about the start of the current node.
clearbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
compare to a number of an greater scale.
see the general contract of the read method of datainput.
cancels auto - completion. if there is no currently in completion, the auto - completion
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
sets the proxy host name of the client.
verify that the setter methods are compliant with the standard java setter methods.
extracts element at current take position, advances, and signals.
get a random, positive float value.
excludes text indexes from the unused text box indexes.
learns a new entity.
returns the data from the level zero buffers.
get version of device and check what version do we have.
returns the number of times the given character was found in the string.
adds the specified color to the specified icon if the image is null or if the color is
read all bytes from in_file into a byte array limited by limit.
searches for the given target string in the current search scope, starting at the given string
validates preload order according to mask rebalance mode.
start our task in a new thread and set the loop mode to m_do_loop
removes the specified environment variable.
calculate the min ( maximum number of instances in the score function ) that is greater than the
returns the value on the top of the stack.
issigned ( int ) method testing fails.
returns the index of the last directory separator.
return true if the specified point is inside of the view.
unrolls the bounds of a map of type arguments into the array of bounds.
delete delete quota on an endpoint.
encode the username and password into a basic authentication header.
adds a new extent entry to the extent model and enables the remove extent button.
check the cached version of the network, if it exists. if not, return null.
read xml from file and populate this object with the data in the supplied file.
check if all permissions have been granted by the current user.
executes the given event in the underlying executor.
send the next message over the network, using the directhex encoding of the next message.
adds a field to use as an attribute.
checks whether the given token is a valid session token.
this returns the root means squared error of the predicted predicted value given the real and predicted values
write this sequence to disk and export to to an exportable file.
creates map of voucher details.
rotates the right side of the tree so that the root has the same value as its
updates the first and last positions of the radio buttons based on the current editor active state.
update the histogram with a new value.
the graphical representation of a series.
check the given class signature.
selects cardlet id from fidesmo, cardlet suffix is given as suffix.
adds the given project comparison entry to the list of entries for this project.
create a new sourcelocator from the given url using the given charset.
tests whether a single servlet is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains another servlet.
extract the regular expression from the polynomial.
sets the flag indicating whether finalizers should be run when the application is about to exit.
add a new result to the end of the search.
registers a quick fix that will be performed on a particular range of text within the given range
adds the file entry to the contained zip object.
runs the test case.
the method called when the start of the document is encountered.
dumps the window hierarchy of the keyboard.
registers observer, which will receive notification when a change happens to this rule.
send an update to all heartbeats of this cluster.
writes a message to an outputstream in the format specified by header, message and hash.
creates a new ssl engine and initializes it with the sslprivatekeystore and ssltruststore
creates a new getbufferedrandomsource with the given source.
constructs an argument parser for the given program name.
setbit ( int n ), n > 0.
saves a model in xform to the given file.
sorts this text and collapses all existing spans into a new text, keeping track of
split the data set randomly into pieces.
drops a prefix from a path if it exists or returns null if prefix does not.
publish a message to an mqtt server.
removes an element from the list of children.
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by all
tests two strings for equality.
set whether or not the authentication process should be forced by the user in the force - auth
fetches the user with the given credentials from the server.
this method is called when the app is being stopped. it is important to call this method
synchronously push a message to the thrift server synchronously.
write data to characteristic, and send to remote bluetooth le device.
generates a link to a message from the given proto element.
reads a utf - 8 text file and applies a given transformer to each line.
removes the specified element from this array.
send a byte [ ] stream.
sorts broker items according to the given sort type.
checks if the entity id need to be escaped ( to avoid xml encoding issues ).
update the path constraints for a test.
test with a journal on which a single index has been registered with data.
this is used to determine whether a class loader is a p2p loader or not.
removes any sub - trailers from the decoded subject - this is needed to decode the
opens a new bufferedinputstream if there is one source available and copies it into the buffer
converts a bitmap to bytes. this method compresses the bitmap, using the png format
inflate a manifest name from a jar file and return the full path of the file
add a warninghandler to the priority chain.
prints a string to the stream, encoded as utf - 8 with length prefix.
writes an attribute value to the output stream without writing a newline.
generates a syntax description for this object based on the attributes specified in the supplied attributes object
write the contents of the buffer to the socket.
skips a single member value at the current position in the specified bytebuffer.
recursively perform nested join.
method to generate the minimal ip pcm configuration.
take a request from the request queue and return it.
converts a cell's x and y location to a column index.
returns a list of all files in a given directory that match a given filter.
constructs the drop command for the specified table.
register all child property change listeners.
check if the scroll pane is out of bounds.
processes the given instructions ( may change the returned list ) and returns the newly reduced instructions.
returns true if the given owner id is locked ( the owner id of this thread ).
if deltay is greater than 0, move the view to the next visible position.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
deletes the left word before the current cursor position.
cumulative density, static version.
read in a dataset from the given file, continuously using the given character delimiter.
generates the native guid format as storagesystemname + portnetworknumber for storage port
returns true if the paths are contiguous from the minimum of the rows generated by this iterator.
creates a new faststringreader.
add a field to run the query with a specific boost.
returns a string representation of the current date and time using the specified date format.
initializer for field streambuffersize : - the size of the stream buffer from parameters ( 100
the numbers here are 0 to maxsensors, not 1 to maxsensors.
try to convert the specified string value to a number, falling back to a defaultvalueprovider
return the probe's next sample.
apply the replacement to the contents of the string.
initializes the key using the specified principal, password and algorithm.
returns a description of this rule.
generate source code for all the given packages.
check if this should be happening in the given direction.
parse the path, storing the data in this instance, and call path ( ).
records a variable in the given symbol table.
read the panbox file, but don't verify if the magic and version are correct
determines if the specified media type is supported by this user agent.
export the dependencies of the current component to a file : < br > < p / >
returns a signature of the form " fix83600 " ( i.
this method checks if the network is connected to this device.
returns a random, repeating regexpish string.
creates and persists a list of expected partition value entities.
returns a string representation of the text contained in this option.
creates a new lowmemorywatcher which will register its tasks until all tasks are running.
write out the message to a data output.
extract the hard reference from the soft / weak reference passed in.
formats a long value into a string.
uncons a component. this will remove the current addon from the list of contributed components
copy a single page from the file to the output stream.
write part of an array of bytes.
asserts that the given backup status is non - null and all required fields are set.
handle request sent with a wrong binding to a tenant.
checks the current state against the list of required states, throwing an exception if none of the
sort movies in the proper order.
constructs a key value list parser using the given regular expressions.
polls the stats broker for new statistics.
returns a new file object, if the given file is in the list of acceptable files.
return true if the given edge intersects the boundary of the given cell.
update the contents of the overlay depending on the lookat and camera state.
get the name of the type whose value is the name of the given type.
this method creates a new state machine using the provided state machine definition.
clears all listeners and removes all attributes from the list.
reads the default serializable field values for this instance, followed by the registrar's service
returns a right - pointing triangle of the given dimenisions.
return a terminal with the given name ( or null if not found ).
creates a new layout block if the block does not exist, returns null if the block is
this method is used to set the values for the nonstaticoptions variable.
escapes a regular expression with backslashes, or a illegal character that can be matched within
constructs a char buffer initialized to contain the specified string.
updates the ui state for whether the promo should be visible or not.
create a new value geometry from an array of bytes containing the geometry's geometry.
flush the heap ins interval managers after the propagation to the new node, so the heap is
returns true, if the given libname and version number exists, false otherwise.
adds all modified statements to the new statements collection.
displays the gui with the specified user message and image.
dynamic initializer of field types that we don't yet know about.
recursively visit a path. < p > this method performs the actual work of visiting
lays out springs that have a baseline along the baseline.
reads the int value from the json array for specified index.
add a property change listener.
unregister a dependent from the preference model.
validates a storage policy selection.
prints out a textual description of the cobweb tree.
converts a collection into an array of the given component type, containing the elements of the
returns an instance of gradleexception. using the formatter to display all violation messages.
computes the label distances of all nodes in the given graph, starting at the given root
returns the position of the current line.
adds a frequency to the frequency group.
parses a header element with the given value using the given parser.
slice the given interval for the given time grain, taking into consideration whether it is
determine if the expression is a gerund.
process an error. < p > call the error listener. if a transformerexception is thrown
create a request with the given headers, uri, http method and payload.
runs the test case.
downloads the tlog files.
reads the attributes of a file from the file handle passed in.
add all of the participants in the given collection to the completion queue.
create a palette jcombobox with the given buttons.
assigns probabilities for each instance to the data store, where each instance corresponds to the probability
converts a uri to a string value or returns null if the value is null.
initialize a kernel with the given values starting at the given offset.
initialize the work list with all congruence constraints for each graph vertex.
called just before the model is instantiated, to indicate that the imported names have been removed from
adds the given file to the list of jars or sub - directories.
tree has been expanded so update the inspector view.
indicates whether or not the specified object is an element in this array.
checks to see if two version numbers are equal.
invoked, when a connection to the url fails to be established or closed.
iterate over all of the child elements in the given schema complex type and add them to the
push the values onto the top of the stack and set the last reference to the annotators
returns the compact version number for the directory server.
sequences a query.
expungeexpungeexpungeexpungeexpungeexpunge
returns the rest of the list, including the elements.
helper function that creates a list of integers corresponding to the given start ends. < p >
close the web browser after the test.
this method is called when an object is removed from the mapbean list.
recalculates estimated completion date based on given priority and start date.
add a document type to the list of document types to apply.
checks database metadata to see if a table exists.
runs the test case.
returns the position pointing to the next token in the line that satisfies the specified specification.
update the gl object after it's been set up.
compute hpd ( hpd ) for specific values according to proportion.
check if the given directories exist in the disk.
this method will add a storageport's port to the list of already allocated contexts,
returns the utf - 8 encoded string of the data stored in this object, or an empty
writes a list of longs to an output stream.
indicate whether the given attribute is defined.
shows the primary stage as a preloading stage.
removes all of the elements from this vector and initializes it with 0.
removes the mapping for the specified key from this map.
test copy of an stream of exactly one byte more than a full block of data.
runs the test case.
convert an ip address into its byte representation.
sends a reply to a key in the local cache.
add http headers to the httpurlconnection.
add a listener to be notified when the contents of the hex edit control are inserted into a
prints a newline into the output stream and resets the flag indicating that a new line is
returns a string representation of the current capabilities.
instantiates a new debug object.
changes the case of the value based on the current switch.
returns whether or not the log's ack must be generated before this message is generated.
returns a string representation of this vector.
add a new reporter to the list.
draws the selection rectangle ( if set ).
creates new exception with given throwable as a nested cause and source of error message.
this method returns true if the given initiator has connectivity to all storage systems in the exportgroup
constructs a derivation for the given node.
plus ( mathcontext ) of a positive bigdecimal.
test negative number of radix 24.
converts the children of an or statement into a sub - tree.
displays the specified panel in a window.
creates a new jsonobject using the specified reader.
read a sequence of ascii codes from standard input and write them to standard output.
uses the given tokenizer.
computes the azimuth label offset ( in meters ) for a given radius and max radius.
read the contents of a resource bundle and add it to the list of defaults.
notifies the graphics system that something has changed how the display property has been changed.
extracts the annotated methods of the given class.
update the server address for the given application, in redis.
removes the item at the specified position from the list.
picks a random enemy from the list of forces.
checks whether the destination is valid for a given block among its protecting blocks.
sorts the given list of storagepools in preferred order.
add overlays to the current group.
create a resource for the given path.
check if leopard is running on me and it is newer than leopard.
lists the command - line options for this parser.
we escape some characters in s to be able to write xml content to it.
feeds the forward feed of the forward activation matrix to the underlying activation matrix, along with
finds a file in the given directory that matches the given name.
compares the results of the control client with the cloud client.
return an arraylist containing the elements that match the xpath expression.
attempts to create a context from the current gl context, falling back to the platform - specific
collapses the tree as well as all other nodes.
enqueue a cape replacement for the specified player. < p > this should be called after
removes a vetoablechangelistener from the listener list.
creates a new throughput object with default values for all fields set to " start " and reset
searches for the appropriate command in the list of command line arguments.
a method to edit a single bookmark.
converts from [ startpos : endpos ] to [ 0 endpos ].
create the bounds component for the graph. if there is only one element, the bounds is
records a pattern of the bitarray in a int [ ].
finds the methodwithlistparameters for the given service, method name, and list of
returns the index of the first illegal character in source.
flip the byte buffer and decode more bytes into a character buffer.
fastclock time check for restart points. restart points are reclaimed and reclaimed
adds the given point to the list of respawns for this entity.
load all orgaccess entries for this user.
test the functionality of bytesassource's source. getbytes ( ) method, which
generates a certificate from an inputstream.
returns a pretty - printed string of the supplied object.
generates the last 2 bi - months where the last one is the bi - month which
finds a counter using its key in the cache. if a counter is not found,
add message to a uri.
runs the test case.
sets the current mode for the engine.
removes stale entries from the list.
run an analysis of the given resources using the current findbugs plugin preferences.
report a vetoable property update to any registered listeners.
perform full backup of all the storage volumes.
remove the connection list for a tab.
draws the rings between the origin point and destination point, range - wise.
converts all separators to the windows separator of forward slash.
translates and appends pending input to the pending output.
return a trie with the cmds and rows optimised on the given trie.
installs a handler for the after action.
loops down the connection when it's closing and then shuts down the server.
creates and persists a new storage entity with the given name, storage platform entity and attributes
places the given info line ( if any ) with the given label ( if not specified )
write a formatted string to the console.
verify signer ( string name, int ) creates instance.
invokes a static method on a class.
new instance, based on the supplied pattern.
removes the leading safepoint of a loop.
binds the given databoundviewholder to the given position within the list of payloads.
add two positive numbers of the same length.
adds the given minimum and maximum values to the series.
method to return a date instance which is exactly numdays days before the point in time date
returns the number of remaining items in the queue.
calls the super method and writes the conservative approximation of the knn distances of the knn
put a data object into the heap.
paints the dialog, if there is a border for the focused row, and if
adds a field to the panel.
called when a point is started.
combines list of byte arrays into one byte array.
commit the checkins on the given resources, reporting the changes to the permissions for each provider
checks to see if we can spawn workers for this grid.
compares this id with the one supplied, which should have the same extended string value.
two players are identical if they have the same identification ( playerid's ).
adds a name / value pair to the end of this existing name / value pair.
returns a string containing all of the instances, without the header.
determines whether or not the provided value is always null.
remove an item from the list of the adapter.
creates an object with the specified name.
if the gesture was already consumed by the user, it's still reacted to the
initializes a single layer of a neuron update rule.
computes the angle between the y - component of a point and the x - component of
fire when a neuron has been moved.
creates an x509certificate from its bytes representation.
handles a change in the current selection.
parse the terms ack input.
formats the results of two strings in a way that can be used as an input string.
sets the address of the server to connect to.
executes a query and returns the count.
determines the confidence value of the statistic based on the given base count.
adds a parameter to the list of parameters to be used in the query.
construct a datasource from an input stream.
casts a string to a calendar object with the specified value and pattern.
add a new limitline to this axis.
readdata ( ) - read the data for this command from the input buffer.
reads the available bytes from the buffer starting at the given position and advances the context.
inflate the current matrix into the result array, using the previous matrix.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this queue, in proper sequence.
add a list of legends to the graph.
fetches the metadata for a table from the given event and updates the event's table
returns the base64 string representation of this header.
reads bytes from the buffer or bytes from the underlying input stream if no data can be read
flush the log records to disk.
creates widgets for each of the pages in the arraylist of more than one page in the
and for two positive numbers ; the first is longer.
overridden implementation of createnewexportmaskworkflowforinitiators for v
compares two percent objects.
return a uri for a key in the map, which is equivalent to the key in the
reads a 16 - bit short value.
loads the projects assigned to the address spaces of the database.
returns a syllabified version of the input phone string.
removes the node at the head of the frontier, adds the corresponding node to the
returns true if the given path refers to a file on the file system.
compares the specified object to this name and returns true if they are the same.
instantiates a new zookeeper embedded.
creates a new basiccondition with a variable, a value and a relation.
read all the stopwords from the given path and return as a set of stopword names
returns the string representation of this object.
sets generation. broken flag and signals barrier completion.
filters the list of points according to the filter type. if the tolerance is < = 0
sends a syslog log event over udp.
writes stacktrace and suppressed exceptions to the given output stream.
creates a new instance of distributedlogmultistreamwriter.
create a json string from a number.
crea un objeto imageelement.
create a new threadregisters object with the values of a specified threadregister.
sets a map of configuration parameters that will be used in the discovery request.
returns true if the trigger button is selected.
inserts all of the elements in the specified array into this list, starting at the specified
calculates the score based on the number of weeks in the playlist.
remove a scanning callback.
paint a rectangle at the same time with x, y, w, h in current
return the probe's next sample.
is page break. a page break is defined as the first and last row in the table
shuts down the executor service.
determine if the specified character can be part of a proposition symbol.
prints a zdiagmat2d object in default output format.
returns the index of the first occurrrence of the pattern string in the text string.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
returns the string representation of the specified indices.
truncates the specified string to the specified length.
clear unspent, spent, and transactions at the given height.
execute the groovy script to load data from the groovy file, returning true if successful.
resets the dirty region to include only the given location ( eventx, eventy )
create a sort of the specified fields.
check if all points have been computed correctly, and there are no additional points left to the
starts the location service to get an answer to the user's phone.
deletes the resource configuration under the specified resource.
create a new busmovement instance.
removes the next file from the cache, the size of the most long used file is
creates the gui of the component.
generates a random float between two limits.
this constructs an instance. <! - - begin - user - doc - - > <
add a new tracer to the current thread's list of tracers.
increases the capacity of the cache so that it can be read more than the current
subtract a value from the current value.
this test ensures that the event dispatches for " new region " when no region is set
creates a new graph instance with an empty root node and an empty set of nodes.
utility method to trim the version out of the specified api version string.
query the purchases, sku details and subscription details from the server.
calculate the raw score of an incoming interval and store it in the table.
reads the file to a string, with the specified encoding.
constructs a new embayesesteditor from a bayesest wrapper.
saves the saved data to the disk.
flatten a map into xmlserializer.
check whether the preload key needs to be retrieved at the specified index.
generates a challenge token for the given address.
for each instruction in this method, determine whether or not the incoming instruction can be handled by
attempts to run the task retrying if necessary.
returns the value as an array or a list of the same type as this one.
remove this request from the queue.
call this method when heatmap generation has failed.
inflate a drawable from its resources and id. if the drawable does not exist,
returns object field offset.
add an string at ( x, y ) coordinates.
writes a byte array to the disk at the given offset.
concatenates the given iv and cipher text into a single byte array.
sets the new timestamp to the current one, and returns the new timestamp.
create a materialpackage from a list of generic tracks.
returns the edge whose two coordinates are in the same direction as p0 and p1.
acquires all probabilities for a sequence of the given string.
resolves an issue for resuming.
decodes'%'- escaped bytes from the given string using the utf - 8 scheme
test if there is a record in the database.
this method will add all the values to the aggregate. it will add all the values.
checks whether an entity is unparsed.
flushes this output stream and causes any buffered output bytes to be written to the output stream
encode text as url using " utf - 8 " encoding as defined in rfc 2616.
when a component loses the keyboard focus, this method will be called.
adds a property to the request that will be sent to the server if the connection is not
executes the given task in the current thread.
serialize the object to a byte buffer.
load the list of submissions that the user's has built.
returns true if the given string value is 1, or false if the value is not 0
returns the next committed record or throws an eof if there are no more records in the file
composes a component from two integer values.
writes the contents of this byte stream to the specified output stream.
removes a listener from the list of listeners who will be notified when the tree changes.
create a new dns dns uri for the named host.
adds a parameterized view to the stream.
read data from the given recorder into the given buffer, appending to the current recording.
clear the candies store. this method is called automatically when the candies store is destroyed
gets hash code for a given object.
add a template to use.
attach the image to the camera.
returns the minimum of two values, but ignoring values that are nan.
allows an object name to be pre - registered with the mlet service to be registered
match a string using a regular pattern and return the matched group.
generates the source code for the initializer of the given value.
allocate a new byte buffer with the given capacity and use the little - endian byteorder.
add a new coordinate pair, to the range ( from 0 to max ( x, y
validate a collection attribute against the list of collections that haven't been added to the aspect
put a string to the buffer without adding null characters to the end of the string.
an external entity declaration.
sets the alpha parameter, should be a value in the range 0. 0 to 1.
given a field signature, returns a classdescriptor. null if the field signature is not valid
this method validates a getnfc service ticket response object, raising an exception if the response
schedules the specified task for delay milliseconds.
draws a filled ellipse with a given semimajor and semiminor axes.
swap the cursor. the old cursor is moved to the new one, and the old one
lock the flushing mechanism to ensure that data is flushed by the calling thread.
determines if a class can be randomized at random.
the format of this native guid is the format of the devicetype : serial_number :
create a secretkey instance from a string representation.
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster.
sorts all the children of the given node by adding conditions and minus operators to the given
returns a random integer from a poisson distribution with rate & lambda ;.
return true if the sound is built - in and supported by the builtin.
iterate over collection of serializer names.
checks to make sure that the given object name is a legal object name.
returns true if the proxy is shutdown.
initialize the renderer. this method is called when the renderer is first added to the list of
draws an arc when in download mode, when in indeterminate mode.
formats the time represented by a java date object using the specified format string and locale.
decodes a packed byte [ ] from binary format to binary format.
construct a message digest using the specified algorithm.
sorts the given array and then merges it into a, in ascending order.
copy access control levels from this instance to a list of access control levels from the other instance
put the bytes from a bytebuffer to the buffer ( already encoded as utf - 8 )
handle the avs response.
request the followers, subscribers and followers for a specific stream.
remove a view from the viewgroup if it is hidden.
consumes a css identifier off of the queue.
populate ( byte [ ] ) with 1kbwrites : all opities are of the same
serialize the contents of this instance.
rollback method called when an exception is thrown when performing a backup operation.
parse the xgrav, ygrav and xpos for a geometry string.
internal method to write data to remote endpoint.
locates the index of the last occurrence of the specified object in the list.
returns whether any operations can be performed on the undo stack.
assigns the destination image destination to the uxf image.
updates the viewer when a project version is updated or created.
invoked when a mouse button has been clicked on a component.
update the visible ids of tabs based on the priority.
walkgraph does, if it has not previously been visited, then walknodes ( ) will
shows the previous notification in the list.
calls the super method and writes the isleaf field.
adds an input node to the graph.
initializes a postgres connection using the provided configuration.
registers the given object to be read from the stream at the given handle.
adds the given extension header name to the extension class name mapping.
merge this frame with another frame using the given interpreter and fill every value that matches with the
execute keytool with arguments.
snaps to the given position in the fast scroll animation.
update the properties file with the test value.
unassigns a set of services from an entity.
expand a single point in a cluster.
getfloatarrayelements : get all the elements of a float array.
prepares ( allocates ) a set of transfer buffers for use in transferring data
helper method to output the left and right lines and a newline at the end of the line
add a payment to the system. note : this must be the initial amount of the system
call this method to register all namespace extensions that have been unregistered at the time of this class
removes all objects from the text pane, so that they are no longer present in the
deletes the display name of a existing user.
creates a new type from the given ast and declaration.
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values.
waits for all iterators to cleared in a given number of seconds.
adds a listener to the lifecycle to be notified of the state changes.
finds the first index of the given path relative to this path, or - 1 if
destroys the volume. if the volume has been destroyed then it will be marked as destroyed
stack a line spline, smoothly connecting n points on a curve.
validates the cool down setting for an app.
converts the given number of bytes to an offset of 0 ( inclusive ) in bytes of
generate the long name of the clone of the zoneset.
writes the signature block to the output stream.
build and return a sql select query for the table and the keys and key values.
show the view, and wait for it to be shown.
tell whether the key is a uri key or not.
receives bytes from the port into the specified buffer, starting at the specified offset.
adds the ofchannel handler to the list of connected channel handlers.
send a byte array to the websocket client.
makes a copy of this array list and fills it with the elements of the given collection
reads the contents of httpentity into a byte [ ].
adds the given string as a tail argument to the argument list for this preprocessor.
constructs a uri from a string value.
calculates the variates of the kriging points according to the reference point.
deserialization object from file.
returns true if this segment name is a merged segment or not.
generates a derived pbe mac parameters from a given pbe key spec and hash.
add a list of ease emojicon group entities.
updates the cumulative time estimate if the last sample end has been reached.
indicates whether the provided path should be included.
generate units using the given unitfilter.
converts an automaton into a single automaton by concatenating all of its sub -
list data listener contents changed method. used to fire the event if there's a change
create a list of splits based on the current h - values and the number of partitions specified
reads the property from a safe serialization format.
javax. security. ssl. sslsocket # sslsocket ( inetaddress address,
converts user input into an absolute path in the current working directory.
returns the stamp bits for resizing a table of size n.
read a single byte from the input stream.
compute the okm hash of a given length, using ikm, salt and info.
checks whether the given emote is in the list of ignored emotes.
returns true if, at this time, the property with the given name will be included in
reads the xml roster from the xml file, handling any consist element that is not a
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero bytes.
accept a connection from the input file descriptor / socket and place it into the new socket.
transcode a file using the specified transcoder.
notify the server of a progress update, if the current progress is over the min progress time
creates a new xml document used for encoding and parsing.
set the grain for a sas core.
handles add request handler request.
draws a data point at the specified location and positions with the specified size.
writes the contents of a set of elements to a heapdataoutputstream.
this method extracts the attribute columns information from the table's metadata.
locates a given field anywhere in the class inheritance hierarchy.
decode the ssl session from the given data and return the sslsession object.
add the current dump file to the list of dump files.
creates a date using the ordinal date format.
is the page number in the range of starts and ends?.
dispose of object, releasing resources.
returns the given collection as a typed list. < p / >.
sets the aliases that will be used in the template when it is added to the index.
add new table to system catalog and to access control page.
removes specified configuration listener.
puts the views in the scrap heap into the supplied list.
this is called when the tab of the popup is created.
schedules the given task using the given classloader to load classes from the task queue, with
utility method to combine a base hash with the identity hash of one or more objects.
parses comma - separated vector string into a vector.
returns a string describing this filter.
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by all
this is the method that your object can use to find other objects within the maphandler (
unmarshalling data source xml element to a data sourceproperties object.
returns the next character, advances, or calls the next ( ) method on the current
adjust the row heights for a table based on the table contents.
find the volumes matching the supplied criteria.
given a format string s, returns an array of formatstrings containing at most one substrings
enable the index down / up buttons depending on the selected columns.
return a url to a poi with the given parameters.
waits for decoding to finish.
converts the given wiki content to plain text.
encrypts the given byte array.
create a packed set of parameters to be used by the graphics2d object.
executes a sql update with a number of affected rows.
returns true if the lock is subject to the user.
returns a hash code for this object.
add an action to the quickactionview.
display the contents of a help file ( if the file does not exist ).
stores a latitude / longitude pair ( latitude and longitude ) into shared preferences.
get the best known value, or null if none known.
compares the specified object to this set and returns true if they are equal.
utility method that returns a comma - separated row of json data from a json input row
remove a table from the database.
return true if the given category is part of the list of categories considered to be hidden by
check if the passed volume is a full copy source volume.
tests if two objects are of the same class, and contain the same properties.
does permission check for the entitymaintaint service.
succeeds : the quorum will succeed and the callback will succeed.
this method will be called to request a set of permissions from the explanation.
pause the calling thread.
writes a string followed by a newline.
reads a portion of an array.
reads the next i / o value and returns it as an integer with the two higher -
callnonvirtualbooleanmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a boolean value.
scans a program block and returns true if the given variable name is found in the pattern
creates a new project importer with the given folder as a root.
encode ( double [ ] values ) method testing.
checks if a module is registered.
returns the class with the given name.
waits for all operations in the operator to be completed.
tests whether all components of the test geometry are contained in the target geometry.
this method takes the pre - submitted simpleobject, completes an xform and then creates a
creates a new endpoint with the specified endpoints, derived from the supplied endpointurl, with the
parses an rdf value at the current position.
construct a dataset with the default time zone.
returns a list of the given elements, in the order they are returned.
this allocates memory in the array, but resizing it as necessary to accommodate
adds an attribute to the current element of the dom document.
post / createdirectory : create a directory in a container.
draws the interiors of an ellipse array with the given color.
zooms the domain axis by a given factor.
refreshes the list of due challenge counts from the logic used to calculate these challenge counts.
creates a new identity tuple with the given dimension and the identity type of the input dimension.
this will convert an awt buffered image to a swt image data.
checks if unlimited strength policy is available.
the rss - limits of all received messages, in the last packet sent by the server.
adds the totals ( if any ) to the given layout ( if not already specified ).
prints out the stack trace elements in a given buffer.
determines whether the specified file type is supported by any of the midi file writers
makes the object immutable.
returns a random number between 0 and 1.
creates a new instance of dsmanager.
compares current expectation value to worker expectation value.
make items in viewlist according to the finger position.
returns true if the given path is a windows path.
process an attribute string of type t_char into a character object.
creates a child element with the given name and appends the given text node to the element
determines if the segment of this currency is balanced.
parseattributes : return an attributes object from the current reader.
read the entire binary file into a byte array.
multiple solutions where an empty solution is expected to be contained in the stream.
adds a new term to the end of the terms list.
if the threshold is reached, write the current output stream to a temporary file and reset the
removes the indices in the given interval from the list.
rebuilds the list of active events and active events.
creates a new instance of the diskstorefactory interface which can return instances of the diskstore
deletes all the files ( sub directories ) in the given directory ( and its subdirectories )
adds bytes to the buffer, starting at the current offset, and appending the bytes to the
marks a rop register as reserved in the reserved rop register table.
adds default resource resolvers to the classpath.
processes the authentication response status code for an authenticated request.
releases the given byte array to the set of available byte arrays.
instantiates a new pipeline.
initializes the list of acceptable methods.
adds the given order to the list of active orders and returns true if the order was added
add a frame from a bytebuffer.
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer.
update the username of all the users in the dev_name map to match the new username
construct a new data set using the supplied connection and table.
stores the stack for an exception and saves the exception't's frame in the exception
creates a new elf formatter.
read a byte array from an url.
check if the current datelist is valid for the given recurrence check time.
initialize a network with a random id.
converts a number of bytes to a kilobytes.
this method is used to find and instantiate a pending intent given a class name which can be
returns true for a static method.
test for string. from ( 0, 0 ), get ( 0, 0 ) and
unify line separators in a given string.
decrypt key ( does not use salting, so the encryption result is the same ).
sets list of platform configurations that will be used for all specified platforms.
fills the grid based on positioning the new selection at a specific location.
locates a given field anywhere in the class inheritance hierarchy.
calculates the start position of the next token after the specified start position.
returns the simplex contained in this contour.
inject a content line into the destination file.
returns true if the charsequence is null or 0 - length.
turns a settings string value into a boolean value.
notify this object that it has been deregistered as a listener with a source for disconnection
the code that does the real work of lookup.
generate a unique key to be added to the key store. this key will be unique across
returns a copy of this vector, in an array of the same elements.
a utility method that will delete a file or folder only if it is within the target '
initializes the pattern to be used for matching the sql patterns.
add a line of text to the text file.
update the list of attachment points.
removes the soft wraps starting from the given offset.
formats the given dps value into human readable format.
returns a truncated string of the given length.
returns a sorted set containing all elements between start and end inclusive.
checks if the legion is disband.
inserts all strings from the given tuple into the specified field, skipping unused strings.
iterates from this number down to the given number, inclusive, decrementing by one each
parses the dom element and prepares required fields.
this method works around the bizarre semantics of bufferedinputstream's read method.
inserts the fullscreeninfo into the given arraylist.
create an input stream from a string.
adds the specified item to the end of the list.
copy original acl to new share acl.
parse the content of the input source into a list of resources.
deletes all entitlements of a existing user.
this method incorporates the signed properties.
creates a channel selection for the specified contrast method.
compute the mean of all elements in the array with given indices.
return the pointer of this node ( 0 - based ).
setup and run the comparison test.
import text from file.
returns list of unique cos ids.
add a task to the queue and start the monitor.
method to insert new child node into given parent at given index.
return the probe's next sample.
convenience method to write a text file with multiple lines.
verify that the auth tag derived from the idx is a valid one.
guess the mime - type from the file extension.
register binder's annotated methods with this class as binder.
parses the route file and returns the corresponding dom object.
remove the given dteddirectory from the list of dted directories.
add a file to the cache with an empty cache entry.
reads the next lookahead symbol.
splits the given vector of variable bindings into a new vector of the given length.
writes the header of the zone file to create the urbansim zone parcel.
close the dialog after the reset button has been pressed.
add a new task to the queue of tasks to run, unless it is already run.
replace all occurrences of the given regular expression with the given replacement.
migrate all entities. returns the number of migrated.
adds a new string to a map, using the app name as the key.
called by the native code in order to resume a batch of code from a child process.
the graphical representation of the labels on the x axis.
base64 - encode the given byte array into a string using the default character encoding.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
create a new instance of elsaserializer pojo without any components.
loads a binary data from an inputstream or a datainputstream.
determines if the class tree represents a two - slot type ( primitive type ).
sets the sections which are used in the specification.
decodes a crlf terminator.
retrieves the session id for the logoutrequest and returns its session id or throws an exception
override the equals method.
accept a file for processing.
adds a list of options to the arguments.
returns the current activity, or throws an illegalstateexception if no activity is set.
starts the timer and sets the scan interval to the initial scan delay.
tells whether the specified url represents a landing page or not.
writes the row count definitions for the given table creator into the given byte buffer.
the string can be a string containing utf8 data, or a string containing utf8 data
initializes token mgmt executor with a fixed delay ( that is, sets the idle time,
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns the string representation of this bean.
does the work of getting the path.
signs the content and saves it in the configuration files.
checks if the next item matches the input string.
deserializes an object from a byte array using the provided classloader.
creates a new interval of the given data type with the given start interval date and the given
returns true value if key is " true ", or false if not.
creates new empty shoppingcartitem.
bind the stream to the current thread.
zoom the view and translate the image so that it is visible on the map view.
samples a skewed normal distribution with the given size, moment, and sample variance.
extract a span of text from the given spans, from start ( inclusive ) to end (
this method is called when the chain length has been reached and all the operator code has been
returns true if the timer has a delay ( has been set via settimer ( ) )
push a space handling item on the stack.
frees any resources that should be released when the positive stream is closed.
creates a new inputstreamreader that uses the specified encoding.
deliver a message to the proton server as defined by the consumer object.
return the message as a string.
reclassifies the example given by example.
returns a hash code value for this object.
provides a deep copy of this iterator, which means that deep copy is not supported.
disallow this class to be instantiated.
returns true if the given key is on the given key chain plus the given private key.
adds the given data to the end of the program.
sets the rotation angle of each plane to the angle of the first point in the matrix.
writes the user registry to a config file.
converts the given value to the xml string value.
decodes a group of 2 - bit hanzi segments and appends them to the
create a new record with given name, address, type and metadata.
constructs a new cpu manager.
this method is used to look up the audio data for a given pattern.
adds the specified condition to the list of conditions.
read all bytes from a buffer and return them as an array.
looks for the package and class name in the input file.
if debug is enabled, log the specified message and exception content at the debug level.
fetch the rp protected target virtual pool uris.
constructs a new instance of nsfile from the contents of the specified file.
compute the cardinality ( number of set bits ).
escapes special characters with'%'characters. this is needed for literals whose values are
converts an http cookie into a uri that can be used as part of a request.
send an info level log message.
add value to source list if value is not null, else do nothing.
creates a new dimportkeypairpvk dialog.
pretty printing accumulator function for longs.
replace substrings of one string with another string.
removes the specified listener.
method which runs in a new thread defined by this class : start ( ), loop waiting
clamp a signed integer value to the given absolute values in the range abs_min and
overridden to allow derived classes to read their names and their values from the stream.
returns the block index corresponding to the sources operand index.
obtain a new file writer for the given file with the specified charset and lock directory.
appends the description of the program to a wrappingstringbuilder wb.
decodes a base64 string.
return a url object or null if the the file can't be converted to a url
parse a value out of a string.
converts all of the characters in the specified string to upper case.
updates the environment variable list with the given list of environment variable objects.
tries to make a new instance of this class for all characters in the specified string.
notifies gateways that timestamp listeners are dispatched.
returns the token following the next match of the given regular expression.
removes a node from the cluster.
returns the contents of this response as a string using the character encoding specified by the request header
same as executewithtimeout, except it sends a 64 - encoded client key and reads the
sets the minimum if the given value is null, or if the value is already set to
delays emitting to the underlying stream until the task count is equal to the specified value
xrotates theta degrees about the x axis.
unit tests for auditing properly performed.
scales a rect to a certain scale of the center of the rect.
parses the given unprintable ext code strings as a single unprintable ext handler
determines the height of this view.
returns true if the id is null or equals to the null identifier, and false otherwise.
check if there is a pending entry in the list.
limit a value to a given range.
create a new version title and add the version number to the title.
check if network is connected.
delete item in list.
calculate the graident channel from the source channel and the destination channel based on the graident
adds the listener to the list of listeners to be notified when startup is complete.
closes the given resource suppressing any i / o errors.
creates a new file in the order that it completes when all files have been created.
creates a des encryption key from the given key material.
check that a given type is a void type, and throws an exception if not.
creates a new javascript output wrapper for the given module.
get the text of the set of matched elements as a single string.
adds a new line to the output.
allocates a new string that contains the sequence of characters currently contained in the stringbuffer argument
returns the number of elements in the set.
execute the command asynchronously in a separate thread.
create a new liberty manager client object.
this method checks the compliance of the attributes belonging to the given attributeset and invokes the compliance
updates the zoning information in the unmanaged export mask for a given set of initi
wait for the invitation answer to be received from remote server.
compute xprime for t_lags.
returns the number of components contained in this identifier.
round ( mathcontext ) of a positive bigdecimal.
remove all words with frequencies less than the minimum.
converts a key selector type string to a public key selector.
generates a sortedmap based on the list of partitions and the tags.
print out flattening information about a given shape. for example, flattening is 3d
shorten a filename name if it has the following prefix : " a ", ".
adds a new graphic to the overlay.
return a string representation of the type and its parameter list.
performs the native x11 flip operation for the given target component.
add a property to this operand.
initialises google analytics and sets the exception parser and uncaught exception handler.
call this function when the entity has been moved.
reads an id from the given input stream.
called when an element is been consumed by the parser.
given a list of return instructions, add the bytecode to a finally block.
get the next meta element, advance the tokenizer to the start of the element, and return
encode a collection into json text and write it to out.
reads color table as 256 rgb integer values.
sets the last modified time to the current time.
add a key to a keystore with rsa private key and password.
tells whether or not a given file needs to be reloaded.
creates a request for setting the source of a repository definition from the definition in the repository definition
disables all buttons in the interface.
returns true if the input string is a valid additive number.
writes the given string to the log.
add a switch port to the quarantine queue.
below method will be used to create the sortindex and sortindexinternally.
converts the json node of a feature into a pointfeature and adds it to the features
create a new bitstring.
adds a sort of the individuals to this group using the given comparator.
writes the text representation of this string instance to a character buffer writer and flushes the writer
creates a new instance with the default executor.
check if the given method is a cglib renamed method.
creates a password reset exception object.
returns the union of the arrays or one array if any of the arrays is null.
returns true if this window is a dialog with a state change and there is a wm wm
execute the xpath and return the result. < p > note : if the result is a
returns the largest ( " top " ) n values in the column.
given a method signature, returns the class name.
construct a new time series metric delta set from a stream of entry s.
this returns the number of of nodes in the cluster.
returns the next element in the array.
escape the bytes in the provided byte string according to the naming conventions defined in rfc 26
repeats the provided input sequence a specified number of times.
renames all class names in the classnames map.
handles next button request.
creates new ionexception with given throwable as a nested cause and source of error message.
returns the euclidian distance between two entities. < p >.
checks if at least the expected number of tests have been done, and if none, then
get a list of challenges that the user's status code has to process.
takes the ssl session and returns its certificate and peer certificates as a byte array.
instantiates a new mersenne twister.
verifies the validity of the timestamp ( if there is any ) using the validity of the
encrypts a given password and returns it as an array of bytes.
returns the number of rows in the table.
converts an array of bytes into a human - readable hexidecimal.
wraps a proto in a checkedmessage and writes its checksum field to a byte array.
reduce the icon size to a given width and height, returning the threshold to be used for
installs a builtin sound between the inputstream and sound identified by the soundidentifier.
counts the number of pages matching the given template fragments.
find the name in the given table, returns the index of the name, or - 1
scores all the tracks that match the query and adds them to the given output.
gets the current time in milliseconds since the epoch, in utc, since january 1
encode latitude / longitude as a 32byte integer in the range - 3 to + 3.
stores long value into object c ( volatile ).
runs the given commands on the system shell, returning the output from the command.
draws a circle of radius r, centered on ( x, y ).
writes a double followed by a newline.
write a 32 bit signed value to the out stream.
maps all characters in a byte sequence to their unicode character representation.
adds the button pressed listener.
dispose of object, releasing resources.
fills in the xml attribute qname, localname and value for the attribute at index
create a property gui for a given propertyconsumer.
copy a file to an output stream.
deserialize the given kdbheader from the given datainput.
runs the test case.
true if the user is all permissions granted by the user.
gets a charset name from the cache for a client's client, if there is one
paints a portion of a view.
adds a piloting roll data entry to the list of control rolls.
process a set of changes about the add - ons which are dependent on the current page
recalculate the derived color values from the uimanager parent color and offsets.
convert an int [ ] to a string representation for debugging purposes.
this method must be called from the worker thread.
adds a cached span to the in - memory representation of the key.
determines whether this object is equal to the specified object.
repaints all the child components of this container.
determines if the supplied dns name is a valid entry name for this table.
read a comment from the input string at the given index.
find the next occurrence of the separator character or the end of the string.
tries to guess the content type from the given url.
extract first token from a csv line.
opens a connection to the server and sends the request to the server.
performs validation of the http cache headers.
show a list of active ivr zoneset.
get an empty immutable array.
replace the non optional and non - minus nodes with the actual list of non - minus nodes
returns a string representation of an accountable object.
returns a hashcode for both the name and value.
delete an existing typevertex of the given type category.
reads the contents of the given reader into a list.
adds cache context.
returns true if the method is a cglib get callbacks method, which means it is a
compares two media types by name.
returns true if any of the loaded dependencies have been modified.
creates a new image replacedelement, depending on the requested css width and height.
determines if this fxg version number is greater than the supplied version number.
creates a datasource and configures it with the given options.
this method returns an unmodifiable set view of the locations associated with the supplied object.
scrolls the current item to the center.
add the given metaobject to the list, but only if it is not already there.
removes the given word from the list.
add two positive numbers of different length and different signs.
adds the given item to the recent item list.
invokeall ( c ) returns result.
called when a package in the configuration value is added to the list of packages in the cfg
closes this character stream and releases any system resources associated with this stream.
creates the blockmirror data and stores it in the test data store.
starts the coap server, creating a port if necessary, or starting all endpoint threads if
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other
handles exception caught. < p > this method is called when an exception is caught by a
clears the text area of the result.
returns a string representation of the given collection, where the elements are separated by a single comma
returns the value between min and max.
replaces the string array parameters in the buffer with the string which is specified in the string
looks for a qualifier selector in the xml array node with the given name and value.
determines if multiple frame names are allowed within a single frame.
parse the configuration from the given xml configuration file.
create toc files from the provided rpf files, appending them to the provided output file.
posts the specified event to the event queue.
choose an alias to connect to based on the given key type and issuer pairs.
writes the bmp image to the file and adds the scan and temp files to the process
constructs a new pathhandler for the given path.
load the lines into memory.
load ignore file from current folder or the default exclude pattern if that file was loaded from a
remove an argument. < p > when an argument of type arg is removed, the mutation
checks if the provided value is one of the expected values.
create a new pkcattribute.
method to create a note in the database.
verify that all the transaction ids in the given list are non - zero and also that they
adds the next node to the list of next nodes.
config dialog property change listener.
reads in a utf - 8 encoded string.
add an integer to a linkedlist.
resets the state of the grid tops and bottoms items for top cells.
reads the next token from the stream and returns it as a string.
gets the repaint manager for the current context or null if there is none.
return true if the port wwn points to a recoverpointinitiator ( i.
check if the input data is a valid wf xml character or not.
send the contents of the buffer to the client.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end -
remove wheel clicking listener.
adds the given section to the list of sections.
calculates the wrapping position based on tab / non - space characters.
adds all the values in the given vector to the end of this vector.
copy all data from'instr'to'outstr '.
add a new rule to the set of rules to execute.
validate the given number is valid.
method to send the request to workers until the count of workers has reached the desired limit.
converts a comma - separated string to an arraylist of strings.
returns the charset to use, based on the current configuration or the system property if it '
convert a positive bigdecimal to an engineering string representation.
removes all of the elements from this vector.
add a layer to the map.
creates a list of rule objects from the specified reader. < p / > example : [
deletes all words from the given updates object and returns the list of words that need to
write a portion of an array of characters.
detect the episodes which appear in the given file and return a matching result object representing the
creates an operation to create an array.
this method should only be called from the database thread. it will fire an sparql event
sets the preferred type of preference.
expungeexpungeexpungeexpungeexpungeexpunge
returns true if the string argument is a valid numeric expression.
tells whether a given type is a char.
construct a key from its encoding.
convert a calendar instance to a date.
tells whether or not this request is client authentication.
create the image file panel.
write the given string and add a newline ( \ n ) at the end of the line
returns the layer at the given index.
check security permission for creating thread.
create a function that can be used to convert values into primitive types.
removes the leading and trailing quotes from the given string.
check to see if a given xml attribute is defined in a namespace.
a shallow clones are not notified when the attributes of a shallow clones are verified.
creates a new dnetscapecapolicyurl dialog.
returns the last index of the specified element in the specified array, or - 1 if the
create a new floatcolumn.
read prj records ( in fact does nothing ).
purges one entry from the cache.
checks whether the user has permission'convertermanager.
compares two artifact coordinates objects for content equality.
check that a given matrix has the same dimensions as this one.
import the data from the given change, into this object.
return a printwriter to write to a line file for the given document.
creates a new query that will match the query with the boosts of each term.
constructs a call from stmt s to sootmethod m.
play the record as played by getrecord ( ).
check that a string is not empty.
resets the context of current thread to the default one.
converts the object to a list of parameter values using the default conversion format for the purposes
attempts to logout the user with the specified username and returns true if it was logouted or
creates the network interface and returns an operation to update or create it.
creates a new facade implementation for the given code source.
create a new jdpbroadcaster, which is connected to the specified address and port.
closes the rrd file.
rotate the vector counterclockwise in degrees by the given degree.
gets the contents at the given uri.
adds a mapping from the specified fieldnumber to the specified data, replacing the previous mapping if
hides the border for the panel and sets it as default border.
remove the existing filter for a transaction.
adds an observed point to the sample set.
adds the tag id to the list of tag ids to add to the tag table.
make sure that only tls - intolerant protocols are supported.
returns a list of execution entities in the order from the root to the leaf.
set up the tkcation parameters for use in the regression. this is done by
serialize an expression node. this method will be used to serialize the ast node, and to
initialize the internal frame mbeans.
create a workflow. method for restorefromclone.
remove a data source listener.
returns a substring of the given string that is the right side of the given string, with
set name to empty string in unoccupied blocks.
unserialize the given serialized object.
notify grid stop and block until all grids have finished running.
pushes the folder name onto the stack of last template folders.
prints the text in the first depth - first order.
adds an event to the simulation.
create a new instance of the dbschemaedexception class to generate the database from the
sets up the type of the board according to the parameter init_param_value.
called when the table is first opened.
adds the given primitive ( s ) and the given abbreviation ( s ) to the map.
init the tree map.
locate and return the replicator's home directory.
create a new stringdata object.
writes the repeated sqr of xdd to the stream.
appends the string representation of the float argument to this string buffer.
opens the given file in the current working directory ( using - h or - s ).
checks the destination and track for the okay status.
closes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
removes everything from the end of the path if it's at the root.
returns a random number generator from the system class random number generator or null if not available.
records the given deployment and returns the name of the record that should be used.
this method is called just before the service is loaded. < p >.
called when the dlsn result is received from dlsnservice.
shuts down the mysql cleanup thread.
appends the data from the buffer.
parse a control template and return the result.
implementation of method oncreatecustomfromtag.
writes a jpeg image to a file, removing any existing files if the directory doesn't
check if there exists any imageserver in the database.
returns nanosecond time in nanosecond seconds since epoch.
remove the specified extension from the list of extensions.
returns a sub - allocated namespace declaration set vector for the given node index.
adds the specified observer to the list of observers.
calculates the distance for index i to given index k in given designations.
format the given pattern, returning the result in the given string buffer.
adds a key - value mapping.
this is used by the derived class implementation to release the ownership of the given field.
converts a list of alert entity objects to alertdto objects.
utility method to return an executor instance that can be used by the system such as a
adds a group properties listener.
this function can be used to edit the global function comment in the database.
clears any existing session associated with the context and optionally sets the given credentials to true.
returns true if the entry exists in the directory.
unpacks the character map from the compressed form.
initializes native object. this method should be called in the main ( ) method of class
calculates hash for wrapper name.
receive notification of the beginning of an element.
returns true if the value for the specified key is a string.
creates multiple partition positions for all nodes specified in the vmlist.
constructs a diagonal matrix consisting of x [ k ] where x [ k ] is the
report version information about the ant implementation.
method to build the bayesian curve network. this method initializes the bayesian curve
returns true if the two characters are equal, starting at the specified index.
divide a negative number by zero.
returns an enumeration of the productions of this production.
adds the given node to the set of " tight " nodes.
return true if this event is disabled.
creates new denvironmentvariables dialog where the parent is a dialog.
transforms a point array without touching the screen.
this method converts the escaped function to the native function.
returns a string representation of the port configuration.
add a ims session listener.
converts a local time stamp to a path object in the default time zone.
prints the given user message to the console.
opens a connection to the native socket.
returns true if the string is one of the access modifier words.
handles an append request failure.
select a preview size pair that is close enough to the given desired width and height.
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects.
decode'utf - 8'into a string using utf - 8 encoding.
converts all of the attributes in this object to lower case strings.
generates the instruction to visit the annotations of this field.
create a list from passed objx parameters.
reads the next part of the file.
tells if the editor is in a multi - line tab mode.
compute the parameter values ( in the range of 0, 1, 2, or 3d
translates the source data type from the target vendor name to the source vendor name.
find the minimum of all elements in the array, ignoring elements that are nan.
moves the selected item down in the list.
create a new jar.
returns a list of runnables that were requested to be canceled by the user and not
takes a collection of file paths and returns the relative paths. < p / >.
handles the case where we need to unlock the user and install if the key store is available
adjusts the start time to the correct offset if the rrule is a weekly event
rounds the x, y, and z values of this vector3 up to the nearest integer
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
removes any objects from the frontier that are explored.
parse the attributes passed to the view from the xml.
concatenates two byte arrays.
assert that the complete successfully or error signal has been received.
asserts if the given argument is valid.
determines if a given calendar instance is before today.
build the ui for the login screen.
unmap a volume from a scsi initiator.
get the list as a collection.
add a new arc to the given path with the given curvature ( up or down
parsing the given text content into a hyphenation list and merge text nodes.
fills the given byte array with random bytes from [ 0, 0xffff ].
removes all the scanning callbacks.
reads a number of bytes from the file.
handles the creation of a jmx manager in the mbean server.
validates that shape is not equal to new shape and that either either side is the same
checks if the specified file is visible and can be read from the remote file system.
appends the contents of two strings to the end of the third array.
deletes the object ( if it exists ).
constructs a new string by converting the specified subarray of bytes using the specified character encoding
initializes the search item set.
computes and returns the editor bounds for this cell, including the bounds of the cell '
implements the read ( ) method to read from a buffer.
constructs a new cuboid in the provided world, x, y, and z
calculates the log marginal likelihood of a model with a given number of iterations.
returns true if this is a new message ( has both a type and a name ).
installs the user - agent and other properties into the system properties.
writes doubles from the given double array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position
load the recipients of a telephony address from a hashset < string > addressmap
checks whether the extension of the file is equal to that specified.
this method is called before persisting to ensure that the data is persisted to the database.
add a padstack to the pool and return it. the padstack is created with the
creates a new instance of argsbase.
the start of a content model.
create an omraster, lat / lon placement with the specified radius, centered on the latitude
create an input stream from a given string.
returns the root preference node for the user.
returns a debug string representation of the given socket identifier.
push a string onto the top of this string stack.
read the contents of a file at a given location.
convert a x - coordinate in a grid to a x - coordinate in pixels.
create an input with the given name, type, and connection.
creates a bshclassmanager which can be used to initialize and initialize the bsh system
resets the egl display and surface for the drawing object.
returns the last login time.
stream all words of the given text.
add an app to the list, or do nothing if the app is already added.
returns true if the given field does not match the given value.
removes you tube markup from plot string.
creates a string that can be used as a dashed string in the dashes array.
positions the pattern in the stream at the given offset.
load the next genid from all the files belonging to this index that match the prefix.
reads a line of input and converts it to a string using the specified charset.
check if the given table exists in the database.
process the colon. we process the colon if it's one and if it's
checks if the given sql script contains delimiters in terms of literal characters.
writes the given bytes to the given outputstream.
establish an invariant that the specified service is not joined with the quorum.
encrypts one block of the given input and writes it to the given output block.
print a value on the text area, this will add a newline at the end of the
adds each of the given connection groups to the current api connection group tree.
reads all shapes and their boundaries from the specified input stream into this instance's set of
adds the given decoration at the end of the list.
parses a link title and returns it as string or null if the title is not found
set the value of the attribute to the given double value.
sets the flag to false so that it no longer exists in the zip file.
returns the number of elements in the list.
create a warning diagnostic.
creates a new destructurer instance for the given pattern and generates the given output stream.
handles edit sub configuration request.
returns true if the source can be reached, false if the socket connection is closed,
adds the given column at the given index in the column list.
initializes all components used in dialog.
computes the norm of a vector.
get the raw field's value as a string.
returns a hash code value for this lag factor.
converts the minimal edgering from maximal edge label to minimal edgering.
removes a listener on image sharing events.
update the wave file size.
write the new journal to the output file.
returns true if the charsegment matches the string.
if the mouse is released over the component, stop the decrease timer.
computes the maximum value of a class for a set of series, using the percent factor
adds the channel to the table.
joins an array of objects into one string.
true if this entity has the given trait.
create supply from boundline.
returns the number of parameters in the parameter list.
load the values for this step from an xml node.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
read the attribute values for this message from the input stream.
returns the dot product of this vector with another one.
forcefully emits the code for the main subroutine.
computes the standard deviation ( square root of the variance of the list ).
trims the internal array to be at least as large as it can be stored.
setbit ( int n ) outside zero.
compares a date and a boolean.
decode the next solution set chunk.
creates a new udpsocket which is responsible for sending and receiving messages on behalf of a
multiply all values in the matrix by the given amount and round type.
returns true if the given level is higher than the current current level, false otherwise.
compute the children of each folder.
quote a file path so that it will be interpreted as a literal literal in a valid csv
reads data from net.
clears all tombstones and removes all listeners from the mapmanager.
removes an imageconsumer from the list of consumers interested in data for this image.
is the navigation at the bottom of the screen?.
updates the aperture of this client, and resets the pendings cache to match the
builds an invocation for the specified protocol and key, caching it if necessary.
compute and set a mark according to the passed / failed / nmi statistics.
gcd : the first number is zero.
test the capture method of the class.
this method is called by the view factory to validate and evaluate the given expressions.
parse a relative path name from a string, escaping special characters as needed.
tries to determine the character encoding to use for the specified input source.
generates a url for a particular series and category.
returns true if the thread should expire instead of being idle.
displays the dialog. < p > adds the required entity types and options. < p
decodes a 64 - bit file and stores the result in a ( nx, ny )
create the database script.
calculates a random y - value in the range [ 0, 1 ).
add a job group name to the list of job groups that will never be deleted by this
create the layout. this is done to create the head element of the body element of the
non - blocking request that a read is received from the server.
adds a field to the multi match query.
encodes the field, including the encoded fprime prime, and the encoded hilbert
method to ensure that no acks are received before calling close ( ) or close ( )
convert an int [ ] to a string.
copies the content of source byte array to the target byte array.
computes the great circle distance between this location and a specified location.
parses a manifest into input splits.
note, this method is designed to be implemented by the bufferedinputstream class for reading data
fire when the operator has been moved.
removes the i'th individuals from the table.
replaces the old id to the new id, if the new id is the same as
repeats the given string a specified number of times.
this class implements a synchronized class to wait for the state of the connection to change ( and
returns the node with the shortest path to each other, or throws an exception.
create a new instance of adduserfields.
parse an integer, returning null if the integer is parsable.
find bounding box of wf node with given wf id.
unregister all the active workerthreads from the collection and decides whether or not to stop
return a clone of the current frame.
returns the percentage of states that a particular state has flapped on this axis.
mangle the method name.
saves the state of the tokenizer to the beginning and end of the saved buffer.
consumes a sequence from the queue.
print out the list of defined ip addresses.
performs disposal of encoder / decoder pairs in the session.
returns the number of characters that are transpositions of the two specified characters sequences.
parses the given source into an object, starting at the given position.
returns a sequential ordered stream whose elements are all the same time series collections.
load a module into the module list and update the idmap if the duplicate was found.
arranges the content of the container with no constraint on the height of the block.
check if message's content type is equal to specified content type.
generate a x509certificate object based on the given parameters. < p / > this method
handles next button request.
check all the dependencies of a set of module descriptors.
method for beancontextmembership interface.
ensures that the given directory can be write only, even if it doesn't exist
returns a string representation of this instance.
writes default serializable fields to stream.
description of the method.
returns true if name is a syntactically valid java keyword, false otherwise.
extracts the import url from the index url.
returns true if the specified object is a collator that has the same strength and decmp
runs the test case.
renames an object type, i.
writes a list of file objects to an output xml output.
creates a new dinhibitanypolicy dialog.
invalidates all the caches in the system.
flatten a byte [ ] into an xmlserializer.
this method writes a file with the given contents.
cancels requests by given tag.
snaps the connection arrow around the x axis, if the x axis is centered at x
extracts a subset of a record using the given subset schema.
queue an operation for execution.
converts a string into a cell array.
applies the transform to the given shape.
prints the contents of this list to the specified print writer, starting at the given indent
initializes all components used in dialog.
checks the revocation status of an x. 509 certificate on an x. 509 certificate
returns the alpha composite method for the given alpha compositeduration rule.
removes a tracking icon.
finds all phonemes in the machine and returns them as an arraylist.
removes the parent file from the file.
tests if two values are equal concerning a delta.
closes the current element by popping the sscontext for the context of the current element
java. util. arrays # fill ( byte [ ], int, int, byte )
enters the current element by appending an empty value and a closing bracket.
calculates the logarithm of a value.
upload file to the server as new file to the server as new file with extension.
creates a zip file to be used in unpacking.
removes the handler for the specified column from the list of column handler overrides.
check if there is any empty tag or if there are no images in the folder.
restores the badges saved in the saved state, if they were previously saved.
simulate touching the screen and notifying the worker.
construct a catalog entry.
add message to the list of waiting to be sent or received.
pushes a new value onto the top of the stack.
logs the hierarchy diagnostic information, using the specified prefix and the class loader if it is not
add a new member to the end of the list of gossip members.
gets path to all the log files created by this appender.
returns whether the case sensitive checkbox is selected.
returns true if the specified node is a namespace node.
returns a hash code value for this object.
creates a new instance of subconfigmodelimpl.
tests the equality of this object with the specified object.
converts values of a color string to a color integer.
perform the default action.
start the traversal at the given node.
receive notification of the end of an element.
a convenience method that can be called by the api endpoint to cancel the endpoint all its requests
returns the value of the attribute at the given index ( 0 to numattributes ( ) )
find the value, if it exists in the header, return the value ; otherwise return null
decodes the given base58 string into the original data bytes.
create a new template object for a steppattern which is associated with a given template.
closes the file, deletes all allocated nodes and returns the success of the file deletion.
returns true if any of the annotatedtype annotations have no prefix.
this method should never be used, as it is global and should not be called outside of
gets log instance.
receive a single byte. this method will block until the packet is received at the first byte
return a list of constraint violation violations for the given resource.
validates whether the given imdbid is a valid imdb id.
launches the activity to record the video file.
write a list of coordinates.
determines whether the given exception is likely to be intended for the current context of the
swap the matrices so that the largest value is on the pivot.
attempts to determine if the window is on the top of a region that has a security permission
creates a job and initialises it for the creation of a new activiti cluster.
find all the main classes contained in the given directory and returns a list < string > where
validates that the xml string only contains valid xml characters.
read all the values that have not yet been read.
decides whether a given access code is compatible with the instant run code.
fills the sequence with the elements of a given array.
creates a new listener manager object.
verify the choice limits are correct and throw an exception if the size of the object is wrong
compute an offset for a line segment.
returns the element at the specified location in this vector.
builds a list of swsule instances from the json serialized qos settings.
appends a vendor - specific octet from the given text and identifier into the given byte array
helper method to format a double value with the specified number of decimal places.
flushes this bufferedoutputstream and the underlying outputstream, but leaves the internal buffer alone
tests whether the given value is uppercase or not, based on the maximum number of characters allowed
creates the proper bounds for two points, assuming that they are close to the edge of one
add button for clearing graph data.
returns the levenshtein distance for two strings normalized ( the second case ) and the maximum length
this method creates the specified number files in the text input folder.
determine if the expression is an animal.
converts line feeds in the form of " \ r \ n " into " \
adds a notification to this instance.
this method creates an nfs datastore on all hosts that can be used by the nfs
check the size of the array and increase if needed.
creates a new album object.
checks that the given string is a valid internal name in the given given range [ start,
establishes the tasks that will be done when the given set of tasks is finished.
unquote a string that is not quoted ( does nothing if it is quoted ).
checks if a player is the current leader.
redo the last operation for the given rich text editor.
recover from a future / future as a result or null if there is no result.
writes out protein to an openmrs file.
tests casts. to_string returns " " [ a - za - z0 -
writes the data in this contour into a sptkl file.
starts a thread for the current thread and sets the timeout to the specified value.
find an element with the given name in the parent's child nodes.
create a regular expression with a star operator.
remove the specified element from the selection.
pass mouseevent straight through to delegate.
prints a formatted string to this output stream, using the specified format string and arguments,
transforms all the attributes from this xml source to the given output xml target this method does not
tests comparison of attributes and other elements.
adds an instruction to the suffix of this instruction.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
closes the selected channel ( if it is open ).
subtract a number from the other number.
sets the names of the attributes that are required by the builder.
displays a dialog that shows the command history for the user in the tool window.
returns the current count.
reads some data from an input stream and returns it as an array of bytes.
construct a streamable from an publisher.
creates a connection with the given handler and prototype.
the real guts of parsenetworkresponse.
finds a notification by id.
create a green gradient function that will compute the green of the green of the green of the
writes a 1 - dimensional histogram to the given file.
this takes a stage of a stage of a value and returns a plain stage of a value
adds a number to a character.
clips the given string to the availigent width, if the given string is empty
removes an element from the queue.
add a slide fragment to the end of the list.
wrap the given string into an array of strings with newlines at the given maximum width.
a utility method to create a vertex array.
publish to an mqtt server ( using the sampleclientwait class ) the messages will be
deletes all files in the given directory.
computes the inverse watermark sub - band, given an image with n wm values and a
moves a file to a directory.
reads in the security properties file and loads it into the tungstenproperties object.
closes the input stream and swallows any resulting exception. < p / >.
deletes the scan files.
start the process and check the output and error streams.
below method will be used to start file based merge.
gives notification that there was an insert into the document.
constructs a new exception with the message argument and the parsed data to the given index.
determines if the source component and the target component are parallel components between the given axis
reads an object from the stream.
subtract two positive numbers of different length.
creates a new plaintext component with the given int.
determines if the specified calendar is current to today.
creates an observer and starts up a new port.
pretty printing accumulator function for floats.
converts a given yuv image to bitmap.
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation.
check if the dom implementation supports a specific " feature " - - currently meaning language and level
searches for a matching port, and updates the port usage for the matching target ports.
return the next external event ( may be null if there are no more events to process )
append the polygon to the buffer.
update a jcombobox with the latest tracks.
creates a new refactoring session transformer.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
opens the compare dialog, setting the always dirty flag and setting the compare result back to its
adds a resource to the list of resources to be loaded. < p / > example :
determines if a string matches the format $ { maybenumeric } is a valid numeric
encodes the specified string using utf - 8 as defined by the preferred encoding of the system
atomically adds the given value to the current value.
get the current time in the specified unit.
utility method to append a name - value pair to a supernamevaluepair.
creates a properties object from the specified url.
calculates the weight of the given plan, based on the beta function. < p >
checks if the extension of the filename is one of the given extensions.
finds the value that matches the pattern and sets it to be selected.
create a zk node with the specified key.
calculates the logarithm of the input value.
sets the x, y, and z values of the given vector3 to the power of
wait for a datagram to be received.
set temperature in rgb values ( in the range 0 - k, 0 - 1 ).
makes a copy of the propertiesmap builder with current name mapped to the new names using
java. util. arrays # fill ( boolean [ ], int, int, int )
inserts all of the elements in the specified collection into this deque.
creates a string according to the previously specified conversion specification.
given a table name and type, return a resource name.
updates the location and destination track combo boxes depending on the current state of the auto - destination
returns the tip text for this property.
concatenates all the elements of an array of namedvalues with the given separator and returns
returns the class attribute which distance from the given class attribute, which is the shortest distance from
this method is called when the test case has been completely done, and any output generated by
request that the specified group have data from the server, and return'true'if successful
serializes cookie object into string.
skips the given number of bytes.
resets this audio player by setting the last frame time to the current time.
subtract two numbers of different scales ; the first is negative.
this method will be called when the object implements the addtopropertiesselation
create a new alltoallpanel.
test if a function is available in the namespace given by the name.
increase the size of the section list to p_section_count.
used to check if this resource needs to be refreshed for a long time.
returns a byte array containing random data of the given length.
sets up the weights for the missings and labels of the column_table with the given
removes the extension ( if present ) from a file name.
delete the attribute value.
method to normalize the data based on the given min and max. the min and max must
check if the scheme is one of the socket schemes.
add a leaf if it's not already in the root's parent list.
notify listeners of blocks removed from the new range that are in the old range and the new
hex - encode a given byte array.
clamp the given size to the given maximum size.
create a new tcptransmitter for a given transport and endpoint.
returns a string representation of this index.
encode the input data producing a base 64 encoded byte array.
draws the face in the specified direction at the given minx, miny, max
add a file system observer to the list of observers.
compute the logarithm to p ( p ( 1 + p ( 1 / x ) )
adds the given number to the end of the program.
creates a new instance of a provider class using the passed in class loader.
adds a new action to the list.
creates a polygon with three points and appends it to the list of polygon points.
reads the json value from the specified json array for specified index.
waits for the given element to not be present.
assert that this testsubscriber has terminated.
returns true if the video id is a valid vimeo url, false otherwise.
check if job is cancelled.
pushes the supplied subcontextlist on the top of the context stack.
update the path and name of the downloaded files table to match the new account name and the
dumps the value of all the configuration methods that are accessible through the class's configuration
parses the content of a resource to a language - tree object.
computes the start states of the language model.
removes the specified container and cancels it if it exists.
constructs a kernel density function at the given set of points.
serializes an object to a byte array and returns the clone.
returns true if there is one point in the convex hull.
creates a new zip entry with the specified name.
test the functionality of random selectors on the statements on the connection.
read a dictionary from a file. the file should end with a. nms file.
adds a vertex to the end of the list of vertices. if the vertex is a representative
creates and returns an array containing all the rows of viewtomodel.
returns a read - only set of the file names that should be searched for.
determine if the current operating system is mac.
check whether one of the given classes is assignable from the other.
combines and returns queued messages combined into a single string.
prints an int to the stream.
calculates the confidence map for the given item sets.
returns true if all characters in the given string are alpha characters.
converts a hexadecimal character to an integer.
this method is intended to be overridden by the derived classes in order to load the library.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
save the key in the keystore, protected by the given password.
adds a filter builder to the or query.
send a debug log message.
updates the statistics for a new row.
java. io. bigdata # initialize ( ) test of ctor2 ( ). creates
gets the string representation of this node, assuming it is a root node and an object with
checks, if the traces in this group are split with the keep point.
flip all bits in the given range in the given byte array, starting at the given index
sets the index source.
adds the given users to the localconfiguration.
performs buffer eviction. this method may be called while holding the evictionlock.
copies a source file to the destination file, creating the parent directory if it does not
decode properties into a string ( url encoded ).
generates an rss feed element.
tests comparison of different elements by name.
deletes the given directory and all it's sub - directories.
returns a timestamp from a given string, formatted according to the given date and time format.
checks whether the given string starts a new hunk.
clears all the values in this option set.
readlines ( ) - > string, byte [ ], line - by - line.
converts specified string to byte array.
plays a file for a given user.
this method should be called only from the jvm thread when the jvm is about to exit.
predicts the intervals, starting at the mean and variance, with a given confidence.
searches the specified collection for the minimum element using the specified comparator.
checks if the sha hash of a file is the same as the hash of its content.
add a value key name to the list of value keys.
updates the assignment with a new border.
map a char value ( string ) to a name ( string ).
splits a string of text into a list of lines.
draws the plot on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a
adds a hole to the end of this ring.
registers any component that is not already registered.
initialized the operation manager with the given ops type and an instance of the given interface.
this method is called by the native code after the number of bytes read from the input stream
generates a 64 - bit hash id for the public key.
creates a new create - xxx sub - command for an optional relation.
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog.
reads a & lt ; line & gt ; element.
constructs a listmodel from an array of objects.
returns true if field calltype is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
maps this source using the given source mapper, creating a new one and setting the owner as
creates a new style for the specified parent shell, using the specified style for the extensions provided
load the metrics from unity and put them in the db.
see the general contract of the readshort method of datainput.
create a job to copy a partition.
programmatically modify a text file, removing railroads from header and footer.
find all the orders in the passed context that need to be ordered.
indicates if the file exist or is a file on the underlying file system.
finds the stage at a given path [ 0, path [ n ] ).
calculates t - value for given coef, given the standard deviation in the coef array.
run a list of bootstrappers using the given early component.
reads an index header and checks that the id read matches the expected one.
returns a 16 - bit byte array containing the 16 - bit output of this splitstream.
saves a previously saved buffer to a file.
schedules storage for local or distributed vplex storage, given the requested virtual array volumes and
complete paths relative to basedir, if absolute path is on windows basedir is shown base
tells whether or not the given specifier can be used as a file specifying module
inserts expected pool settings per tier into the key map.
this method reads the contents of the streams from the input stream and writes them to the destination
returns the position in the path of this path relative to the given orgunitlevel.
returns the number of available bytes in the stream, or - 1 if no more bytes can
adds a class value and a weight to this numeric classification model.
parses the name, data type and evaluation order, and returns a list of group.
this is called whenever a drag gesture is recognized.
checks whether the given character is a valid identifier helper character.
adds a new header line to the header section of the report.
loads a decimal address from a result set.
encode the string to " utf - 8 " using the base64 scheme.
converts a bundle to a url, prepending parameters to the url if it isn '
a method to be called when the start of an element has been reached.
guesses the type of the file, based on file name suffix returns " application / octet
test advance with all terms, with some additional minshouldmatch restrictions.
returns true for a public field.
check if release encumbrance budget is true or false.
subclasses can override this method to create a transferable suitable for the given locale.
put the encoding of the length to the stream.
registers a generic font family with the specified name.
writes a reference to the given value and returns whether it was written or not.
parses a data tag ( is either a gsobject begin, gsboolean end, or
returns true if individuals contain no individuals ; false otherwise.
returns the string representation of the current date and time in a given formatter.
converts the class name to a dotted class name.
creates a new dauthoritykeyidentifier dialog.
plays the next video in the iterator.
tries to invoke the specified method if it exists.
copy an iterator's nodes into this nodelist, adding each node as a child of this
returns the rotate stream associated with the path.
clean up the history of the number history if the current number is at most maxhistorysize
process the styled attributes provided by the user and update the aspect ratio ( which is used
creates a new log message with a template and an integer code.
translate action string to label or id.
returns true if the plugin can be loaded and available to the user.
returns whether the attribute value is a boolean value or not.
strictly parse a string into a boolean.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end -
formats the current datetime using the specified formatter.
initialized source code map with each line of the adapted content. each line is parsed as a
returns the u - component of this matrix.
returns the set of allowed duplicate error codes.
returns true iff the field was already visited for the given object, false otherwise.
removes a download from the completed list.
modifies the main query by adding a single query or shingled phrase queries.
returns a string representation of the token digest of this token.
creates a new snapshot of the current backup.
add new log file into database.
merge a set of properties with a previous set of properties.
deletes the preferred language of a existing user.
called when the player has prepared with a new file to play.
parse a single parameter of the form : < p > the type of parameter is specified by
skip a specific number of bytes.
move to all players which are within a certain radius.
create an ecdhegroup object from a named curve id.
utility method to add a header to a message.
return the constant as a string. for example, [ [ ljava. lang. string
recreates workspace table and migrates data to the new table.
execute a parameterized query.
closes all open tags on the current scope.
create an entity reference.
links node as last of specified node.
draws the specified divider for the specified bounds and child.
constructs a form spec with the specified default alignment, and an encoded description.
deserializes a list of elements from the input stream using the supplied parser.
writes a little - endian int.
writes an double field value.
gets the level of the next creature to spawn for the given quest level.
check interval and starttime string are correct and set defaults.
deletes a trait from an entity provided its guid and trait name.
add the tables in the given collection to the database.
writes the contents of a writer using a given template.
clears the cache in the background.
return the index of an item in the toolbar.
adds an attribute to the service.
drain the graphs contained in the iterator into the caller's thread.
given extra parameters for full import, creates a localsolrqueryrequest for full import.
get a random user id between the given min and max ids.
starts the messaging service.
generates code for binary operation flags.
returns true if the label for the current state is movable.
write type list item into current section.
load properties from a resource into the current config.
close given inputstream, ignoring any resulting exception.
creates a new transaction to be used by the external transaction manager used by the remote service.
skip characters from the input stream that are not in the skip parameter.
converts a package name like " android " to " android / path ", e.
tests if this map contains the specified key.
determines if the given fragment is valid.
increases the capacity of the hash table, and internally reorganizes it, in
save pois from assets ( such as pois_asset_loadup_from_
creates an element with the given name and adds it with the given colour value to the given
checks whether a tag has already been done in a given scope, based on how recently the
this method is called when the variable's operand type is changed from the editor.
add a header to the log.
check if there is a duplicate request in redis for the given uri.
whether the given view is hidden.
deletes the given file or directory, all its sub - directories and files and subdirectories.
returns whether the specified border tool bar is a menu bar that can be used as a border
construct a node in the result tree.
creates a priorityqueue for the given field name.
traverse the given stream until an eof is encountered, then the closure is called with the
calls system. exit with the given status, ignoring any io errors.
compute the distance between two points in meters.
processes the given challenge packet, including the ntlmchallenge, and initializes the state based
calculate a as given in x2s, using a mod pow of ga.
add cost item. called from doc_account_add to add money and account details.
add an undo event.
establish a cache for this project, but only if it hasn't been created yet
appends text to this text builder and sets a span at the end.
validates a password using a hash.
returns a sorted list of snapshots for the given repository.
adds a certificate to the certificate set to be included with the generated signedlinks.
multiply a positive number by zero.
this method is used to clean the static data structures when the method is instantiated.
paint background for a tab.
create an automaton for the given bytesrefhash.
returns the lower and upper bounds ( range bounds ) of the series in the specified dataset,
shuts down the admin service, by sending a call to the shutdown ( ) command.
get the number of running threads.
assigns the specified role to this object.
creates a default threadpool, with default values : - a default threadfactory - all threads
writes the initial styles, which first contains the styles size and then all the styles itself.
convert a collection of parameters to a form encoded string.
test where each operation locks only a single resource and there is only one resource to be locked
run the next command in the delta queue.
waits for the websocket connection to be closed, with the specified timeout of 5 seconds.
loads a dom document from a resource.
java. math. bigdecimal # divide ( java. math. bigdecimal, java.
remove the annotation at the specified index.
copies all occurrences of the specified character from this string where the specified character is replaced.
change a file's last modification to current time.
allows the callback to be called multiple times, to register a mock callback with the mock
eventlistener - shouldselectcell. * * * * * * * * * * *
add two positive numbers of different signs.
add a class annotation for a class node.
tries to format an incoming satisfiability message with the specified format.
parse the upper case map attribute for a unicode character.
removes references from queue and adds them to entryinfos, but does not start the thread
creates a single zip file with the specified entry count and entry size.
returns true if the given name is a valid playlist name, false otherwise.
import xml to xml to file.
writes a add / remove row to the log.
a method to construct a default digest method type with a default hashalgorithm.
creates a subset of vertices that can be sampled into a new partition.
creates a new gremlintransactionmanager object.
shift the beans in the sub flow by the x, y axis, and then save the
loads positions in the background and returns them as a list of latlong.
calls each of the'make'methods in the list, one each at a time.
a method called when a text node has been deleted.
initializes application environment based on bootstrap properties and manifest files.
creates a new instance of producerworker.
generate an animation to place a new tab in the foreground.
returns true if functions can be added and put into collections.
load org access for the user.
closes the disk cache associated with this imagecache object.
creates a map of volumes to lun number for the given exportmask.
closes the underlying sockets and ssl streams.
returns a new vector containing the largest x, y, and z values.
gets the output and error streams from a process and reads them to keep the process from blocking
adds list of arguments to command line.
returns first node with key k, or null if there is no node with key.
draws the axis on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a
read the contents from the fetchlist using the utf - 8 encoding in the conf.
create a random colour.
parses a category string into a diagnostickind and whether it is fixable.
checks if the method should be exposed as a property and if so, adds it to the
initializes a new sptk contour from a lf0 sptk.
cancel the task, and cancel all tasks that have finished execution.
adds a csp listener that is notified of changes in the document.
prints the text message on the given stream, prepended with the max line width.
removes the object at the specified index and reaches the specified size.
asserts that the given result set contains the given'nullability'value.
computes the bounding boxes of all the contours ( if any ).
add a timeline to the beginning of the list.
load the lob if it s available on file system or if it s store attachments on file
paints the component. this method is called after the base class has finished its paint
returns a copy of the elements of an array to an arraylist with an extra capacity.
send the event to all registered listeners.
update a list of keys / values in a given region.
load the critical and non - critical extensions from the provided extension collection.
deletes all addresses of a existing user.
set the limit for the subquery clause.
this method checks if the given file name exists and is a file. this method is used
skips the given number of bytes from the current position.
initializes the methods that are required by this class.
converts the file name to a string with at most maxbytes bytes, truncating the
copies the content of a given url to a given file.
updates the appropriate amount of time that the drag is going to be applied.
creates authentication configuration under the realm.
trim whitespace from the beginning and end of the given text, re - adding spaces to the
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster.
send the internal buffer to the remote peer.
fires the specified event through this object.
finds the next file that can be opened, based on the configuration that has been set
compares two strings whether or not they are equal, according to the case of the second
execute shell commands, default return result as command object.
populate a blob with given id, basecontent and required size.
removes the observed file from the model and notifies the observer that the file was modified.
makes the object immutable.
appending the null operator clause.
removes all of the elements from this priority queue.
update the favorite station if it is not already in the favorite station list.
adds all of the elements in the specified collection that are not already present in this list,
save the current analyzer state to the specified file.
returns an iterator over the dependencies.
parse the int from the given string.
creates a new bufferedheader instance with the data in the specified charbuffer.
converts a date to a string representation of the date using the specified date format ( e
executes a request using the given client request in a new thread and returns the result.
checks the server response code.
adds a new resource source.
commits changes to hopfield, input and hopfield panels.
connects the item p_from_point to the nearest target item.
called when a generic motion event is received from the inputsource. it returns true to indicate
add this class to the set of classes to which this class belongs.
edits an element in the table.
initializes an instance of fp, given a curve coordinate pair of x and y values.
this method serializes a document into a byte array.
return the area of a triangle defined as < p > the area of a, b,
two transactions increment one literal and verify that the value on a given level is the same.
casts a list to array object remove all empty elements.
searches the specified collection for the minimum element.
create a server to heartbeat the cluster.
tostring returns " all elements of the queue as strings ", with index > 0.
displays a dialog and attempts to find a club on the screen.
constructs a new pdf object from the data read from the file.
convert an collection of inetaddress inetaddress to a string array.
displays the authenticated pilot's profile.
start ticking for a smooth moves operation.
update price lists based on the passed product bean.
check that there is at least one dependency in the given module descriptor.
clearbit ( int n ) inside a positive number.
deserialize a funnel step.
converts the given parameter type and descriptor ( excluding the parameter type ) to a string.
adds a catch block clause to the catch block.
stream given bytes to the browser this method will close the servletoutputstream when finished.
unlock a given key, committing and removing it from the set of locked transactions.
returns a slice of the order list for the given start index ( inclusive ) and end index
check to see if any schemas have changed and if they didn't, return false.
removes all elements from the stack, allowing this instance to be recycled.
create a new tile store with a single store, with an empty tile store.
returns true if the receiver has more work than the one in the chain work.
expects the current token, but only if it is the next character.
returns true if the url is a jar resource. jar urls are supported : jar : /
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
applysettimestamp adds to the batch the query used to change the server timestamp, if needed
constructs a new accessor for a class with the given name, using the given constructor and
increases the duration of the timer by the time the timer was started.
below method will be used to add new row.
decode a base 64 encoded string to a utf - 8 encoded byte array.
if we are currently in native stack frame mode, we return the address of the caller frame
schemewalk is for normal path to the user's path and make sure it
determines if the mime type is an image mime type.
create a new instance of fxstage.
returns the size of the bitmap when it is stored, or 0 if not stored.
returns the absolute value of each element of the matrix.
removes the attribute with the given name from the current attribute set.
snapshots the state of the camera and create a new surface texture that represents the camera surface.
parses the debuggerexception action option of a debugger action.
rotates the given image by 90 degrees while changing the ratio of the picture.
updates the finantare of the finantare.
displaycalendar - create a new assignment with s_id as s_id.
returns a new line string that starts from this line and ends at the given coordinates.
trims an array to be exactly the target a size.
closes the reader ( if it is open ).
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the event
subtract the specified number from the current list of flakes.
process an array of bytes, producing output if necessary.
returns true if service type is required to execute given name.
the main entry point for the launcher.
macro : round : parses s + v + u, returns u, fmts.
construct a authoritykeyidentifierstructure from a given x. 509 certificate.
creates a new jar file object that is equivalent to the specified file.
removes all email addresses from this user.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer src, bytebuffer
create a new password reset object.
determines if a character is a letter.
call the visitors for this argument list.
creates an html link to a uri with a label.
checks to see if a token is an expression.
destroys this node and clears all information about it.
creates a hierarchical uri from the given decoded file path.
process a play request.
performs a binary search for the specified element in the specified sorted list using the comparator.
finish the compressed output and flushes the output stream.
return the set of all elements which can be reached here from the beginning of the state array
removes the entry with the specified value from the collection if value is found, otherwise removes
initializes the hash cache with the given cache and hash algorithm.
marshall the enum value.
initialise all events. todo : designer should call this method more than once!.
determines whether the specified file type is supported by the midi file writer.
computes the window naf value ( non - linear form ) of an integer.
map collection name according to collection rules and whether or not it contains the default collection append.
fills vector with random numbers in the range [ min, max ).
returns the hash code value for this composite.
change the thread's name based on whether or not it is a fetchanimation.
compares the package name of this package to the given name.
draws the range markers ( if any ) for an axis and layer.
decrypts the data using the aes - cbc 256 bit algorithm.
create an instance of vpfinputlayer.
check if a pooled connection should be closed, based on a specified action.
converts the color to a hsl color.
creates a future that waits for all clients to be shutdown, waiting for the given timeout to
checks if the number of entries in this pool are unused and the number of waiting threads is
this method calls changedirectory method on the root directory on the server.
remove quotes from the column name.
returns true if the user has scrolled up enough to scroll indefinitely.
refills the input buffer.
perform a search and return a list of documents.
writes the end of a list.
return the list of elements that have at least one of the given names.
generate specified number of bytes of random bytes.
returns the tip text for this property.
this method requests a list of job instances.
returns the binary encoding of this gf2polynomial with the given modular q - value
open the fallback data stream.
adds a caret listener to this text area.
get the singleton instance of this class.
java. sql. rsmd # is currency ( int ) method testing.
encodes a buffer into a base64 string.
java. util. date # date ( ) test of method java. util. date (
extracts the id from the passed in uri, if present and verifies that it is a
mark the given range of blocks as in use.
construct a chol matrix from a given matrix.
read a number of bytes from a memory map, a string is created with a default character
shifts right an array of integers.
distinct aggregate function which update the distinct set.
this function removes a legion member from the list.
prints the contents of the buffer to the output stream.
return true if this method's methods in this class contain a baf body.
retain all the characters in the specified string in the specified string in the specified string.
deletes the least used http connection from the free list.
perform a binary search for the specified element in the sorted list.
removes empty lines, stops from the transitschedule, and returns a copy of the new
match the test against the ref object and return true if they're equal.
converts a list of patches into a single string containing patches, where the patch will be
close a preferred version number and write a newline to the underlying output stream.
this method validates the sort size.
finishes the drawing of the sun using the cached version of the pixel data that we '
removes all items from the panel and returns true if the panel was deleted.
perform an asynchronous average operation.
return the next permutation of the patterns in the permutation, starting with the most specific element.
sets up the htmlparser using the given documentbuildersettings.
obtains a string representation of the state for debugging purposes.
instantiates a new macro structure by reading a document from a given file.
this method will delete the es input nodes from pir.
adds the given part if it is not already present.
terminate the fsync service and wait for it to terminate.
finds farthest location for a given game location in a given direction.
computes minimum allowed sample size for downscaling image so result image size won't exceed
creates the main pane of the panel which is used as the split pane for the main panel
make a copy of the passed in chain suitable for cleaning.
checks if the user's transaction manager is set up correctly. if it is,
create a file system on the local filesystem, using the specified class as the backing file system
helper method to add element to parent node.
reads the contents of the input stream and returns it as a string.
given a branch name, split into its remote branch and name.
encrypt an output stream with a given password.
pads the string at the right with the given character until it has the given length.
reloads the swipe state in the view to reflect the current position of the swipe list in
resets the iv to its original value.
multiplies this matrix with a vector that is then multiplied by a vertical flip.
shuts down the data source by closing the database session factory if it is open.
turns a byte array into a textual representation of the ip version.
creates a new action object.
converts the given hex string into a byte array.
writes a string. this string will be shortened to 12 - byte length.
creates a permissions collection with all the default permissions.
merges two networks into one, assuming that there are no duplicate end points in the other
prints a message to standard output and then terminates the line.
reads the input stream until it reaches the requested chunk size or returns null if unable to do
user runs a query and builds the facet sum.
instantiates a new reverse geo code with the input stream placenames.
converts a qualified name name back into a fully qualified name if possible.
constructs an array from the given list of tags.
creates a new element to indicate that it is a child of another element.
reset all counters and warp labels.
rotate vector counter - clockwise in radian.
callback when the connection to the server has been lost.
returns the value of a header or null if not found.
parses a map of key - value pairs where the key is the type and filters is
sign with a list of id's for signing in a wsssaml document.
invoked when the target of the listener has changed its state.
adds the url to the scanned list.
add a new interval to the dataset.
resets the parameters to the initial values.
reloads the document and loads the current page.
this is used to determine whether the given field is a static field or not.
get the number of outstanding requests that have not been made for the current connection.
convert a byte array to a string.
initializes the logger for the component.
fills the view on the left with the specified position until the next right boundary is reached
removes a default value from the set of default values.
verify that the cause eviction is correctly cleared.
merge two signatures, returning null if the merged signature could not be merged.
hashcode is defined for this class to make sure that all fields have the same hashcode.
creates new exception given throwable as a cause and source of error message.
entry point to the calling thread that puts the object in the visited set of objects, and
add an option to the options.
pause the current thread to wait for the client to join.
this method gets called when a bound property is changed on the mapbean.
add an image representing the frame to be shown in the transition.
scans the classpath looking for classes of the given implemented interface.
get the text of the cdata block.
returns true if the skylight attribute needs to be updated, based on the block opacity and
expands a rectangle of the given rectangle with a given amount.
convert string to datagram.
returns a string representation of this grid.
return whether or not the compiler is initialized.
removes the given thread from the list of shutdown hooks.
calculate the number of transitions between two points in the image and the two given points.
returns a string representation of the current value.
checks camera's size and returns true if camera size is valid.
append a text string, seperating by space before the end of the string.
encode a plain text string to a mime type encoded byte array.
return the object's lookup list.
get the total amount of time the bar has been drawn so far, if the bar has
determines if a single character is a word boundary.
executes the supplied operation using the primary, blocking, until a primary is available.
write an array of characters. this method cannot be inherited from the writer class because it must
factory method that creates and returns a tableviewer object that can be used to display the items
returns a string representation of this object's type.
add a line from the current path point to the new one specified by x and y.
checks basic missing value handling of the scheme.
convenience method to disable the button ( s ) according to the deploy settings.
loads artifact at the given path.
tries to acquire number of predecessors " acquires " by one of the given number of
checks whether the header is an end tag.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
a runnable that executes the following actions when the seconds have passed since the last call to this
creates a new dauthoritypublickey dialog.
add a point to the path.
returns true if the given class is a cglib proxy class ( non - proxy ).
parses the discovery response, and returns the discoveryinfo. if the response is null or
generate a log - anal report for the given report description at the given date.
update the text views based on the current state of the recharge transaction.
gets the id map for this transaction, if the transaction is a root transaction and does not
stop the listener ( disconnect from the listener ).
decrypts the given data using the specified pri key.
derives the argb value for a color based on an offset between two other colors.
adds a landing pad to the list of occupied landing pads.
creates an attack strategy according to the given string description.
creates a default set of threadpool executions, with the default values of the thread pool default
writes the chunk of data from the given locator.
returns the event object with the given id or null if not found.
initializes custom checker items stored in the preferences store.
this method will load properties from system properties file.
prints out a list of strings in the format " key = value ", where the
convert string to date.
calculates md5 hash of given file or directory.
initializes the size, certainty, random number generator.
this method will return true if there is a next row to load from the result set.
trims the content of this list to be exactly the size specified in this list.
begin the json encoding with an empty scope and an open bracket.
returns an ascii representation of the board's position.
clears all the sections of the cache.
returns a set of all the nodes contained in an iterator which can be used as a tree
runs the specified task in parallel, cancelling the execution of several threads or threads if
creates the vm list.
adds a use count for a specific port.
pop an element attribute set set from the top of the stack.
adds a new entry to the cache with the specified key and returns the value. the value
remove model change listener.
this method can be used to fire a change event to all registered change listeners.
creates a connection name given the current connection type, host, and port.
discovers a single host ( via id ).
read the given number of bytes into the given byte array, starting at the given offset.
draw the lines in the connectionorder of the connectionorder of the given circles.
adds a new node to the update list, or if it wasn't already added.
returns a file object from the given java file object.
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height, and with new
build a random power - law bipartite graph.
runs command in current directory and returns the output of the command.
updates the progress for the current thread to the specified value.
creates a new context that will handle a directory based on the configuration of the server - side
tests if this string starts with the specified prefix.
adds a new jasperinitializer to the list of jasper initializers.
creates a new temporary directory in the default tmp directory location.
tostring - - return a string representation of a given int [ ] [ ].
scipio : returns true iff " parentproductcategoryid " is a child of "
input an instance for filtering.
get a list of all the columns for a table.
adds a new created resource to the end of the existing resource list.
notify all semaphores that the event is triggered.
tests if this object is equal to another.
check if the quorum is maintained by all the other active dbsvc instances.
helper method to schedule the alarm to start, waiting for the user to alert ( s )
set the stop requested to avoid memory leaks.
javax. net. ssl. ssleng # createssleng ( int addr,
joins arrays using given function.
splits the url's path into a set of paths.
init best selling report, and return appropriate action forward to initiating best selling report
starts a new transaction. this method cannot be called directly.
adds a job to the running jobs list.
resets this parser, for a new string.
adds a constant entry to the constant pool.
sets the data to be merged together with the latest data for the chart.
get the info gain, thought of as an estimation of the info probe.
removes a property constant from the holder and returns false if it did not exist.
deserializes a byte array to a typeserializer < t >.
divide the number of multi digits by the number of one digit.
shows a dialog that allows the user to select the selected neurons.
encrypt an array of bytes.
determines whether there are any changes to the children of the given class.
this class should not be instantiated.
removes the special character in the given string.
create a new run script action with the specified network panel.
downloads an image from a url.
zips the given tuples into a map of ( installment, receipts ) pairs.
validate email field for validity returns " true " if the email address is valid, " false
adds a linemergedirectededge to this directed edge.
parses an application xml document from a file.
creates a new connection channel for the given selector key and adds that entry to the channel map
returns a string describing how many collisions are currently present in the table.
adds a topic to the subscription store.
zip the given file to bezipped in the given zip location. if the file exists
generates a hashmap of parent item numbers to their expanded state.
adds a listener to receive audio packet events.
create the extension from the passed der encoded value.
creates a new java environment that contains the given java source code path.
add a callback for the given method call on the given target object.
remove all blocks from the section.
writes the given string to the given file.
tests whether a given node is an operator access to either side of an operand or not.
called by the picker for updating the header display.
compute the intersection of a polygon polygon with a near value.
add an action to the list.
method which reads the configuration information from a file created by save ( ).
finds the resource with the specified fully qualified class name.
signoff a cached object by removing it from the caches and the corresponding unique id to the
create non - cg volumes based on source volumes. returns true on success.
millitimestamp -= ( millitimestamp % windowsize ) % windowsize.
for debugging, returns a string representation of this node.
receive an error from the parser.
put the head of a pattern table entry.
create a unionpathiterator for an unparsable union operation. the order is identical to
perform a read of a record in the database.
throws an ioexception with a message that plus the line number and the error message from the
checks to see if there is another deal on the queue.
adds the specified issuer principal to this principal.
builds the selection string for a key column.
filter the given map of node names to see which node should be removed from the cluster.
write the given device to storage.
runs the test case.
adjusts the absolute values of the given array so that that they are in the given range
removes the processor at the specified index from the list of processors.
makes the suffix chain, starting with the given root node with the given value, and
creates a by - object from a given locator string.
notify listeners that a task has been started.
throw an exception if the record was destroyed.
upload artifact file from the input stream to the specified version of the version of the artifact.
escapes bytes in the format specified by rfc 4647, for example : " an +
converts an array of object to an array of class objects, allowing null values.
write this wsse_security_t to the parent element of the wsse_header
skips spaces from start position in a string.
called periodically by events to let the viewpoint know when it's going to update the
generates a sample from the distribution.
load x. 509 certificate from the stream.
creates a new http client.
associate the given value with the specified key.
renames the table. if rename definitions are defined the table name will be the same as
handle read last confirmed errors.
ensures that the specified floating point number is inserted into the hash table.
applies the neuron layout to this neuron, starting with the initial position of the
get the number of events that were logged since the epoch, as a number of milliseconds since
returns the size of layer p764901 in pixels.
finds public method that is accessible from public class.
this http function fetches the list of my service cards based on keyword and categoryid.
adds a phonenumber to the list.
convenience method to return only the digits and plus signs of the matching string.
compares two methods to see if they are the same.
finds the marker segment with the specified tag.
open a reader to read input from the specified file. < p >.
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array of
publish a list of objects with specific properties.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end -
verifies that the uri has a valid scheme, and that the scheme of the uri is
create the extension from its der encoded value.
generates quarterly periods for the whole year in which the given period's startdate
creates a aes - style key based on the default key generator and with the default key size
value change listener ( property value change ). logs a message and does nothing if the value
parses an error response json string and throws an exception if the response is not a valid
loads and returns version information from the url.
find a page of user using query by example.
add a static view to appear at the end of the recyclerview.
inserts a string to the front of the queue, adding the specified sequence to the front
returns true if we are currently in read - only mode, and if we are currently in
consume discards all messages from a publisher and verifies that the sum is multiplied by the number
recursively sets the parent to the same node for all the expressions in margvec.
returns true if the mbean is registered, false if it isn't. < p >
adds a constant ( type ) to the global list.
bail out and exit with a message.
asserts that the values of expected and actual are within epsilon.
instantiates a new spider xml service.
flushes the store to disk and return to the caller to release any resources used by the
adds the hop id to the list of hop ids.
returns true if queue is empty.
tests the instantiation of a primitive type " void ".
reads the entries from the segment, including the table, and the sequence, table key,
returns a number of unique hosts based on the set of initiators in the passed in
add the certificates in the certstore to the certificate set to be included with the generated signed
process a lob ( note : lob is not modified by this method ), so that it
generates sax startprefixmapping events for the given element and creates a namespacestack for the
prints this exception's stack trace to the specified printwriter.
converts the specified data flavour list to an array of data flavor objects.
test for correct error handling for a choice with an empty icon.
translates the flags into a string that can be used in the config file.
get the next available index id.
fills the fields with current values.
check security infos for an endpoint based on a list of security infos passed in.
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other
convert a list of byte arrays to an array of byte strings.
add an index for the table with the given column names.
sets the key store password.
instantiates a new zookeeper state machine ensemble.
returns a custom shortcut set created using the mnemonic of the specified character.
recursive method to delete the minimum and right subtree of a given node.
resets the error counters.
reads a properties file from the source and writes it to the given output.
sift a set of type compounds to the corresponding target classes.
updates the location ( if necessary ) and the timer, based on the hysteresis
compares this object with the specified object for order, based on the natural order of the
binds the cursor to a property that is greater than or equal to a given value.
remove a column from the table.
writes a string into the history data.
closes the connection to the database.
constructs a new embayessearcheditor from a bayesestwrapper with
adds an action listener to both the forward and back projection buttons.
checks if the value at the index of the given string is a literal.
parse a granularity and generate a granularity instance.
constructs a new worditerator using the default locale.
closes the index. this must be called before the index is closed.
push a local file to a remote machine.
process item. call this function to process the item. return the result of the call.
resize the list to the new size.
split a char [ ] into ( high, low ) bytes for a uint8 value.
pretty printing accumulator for a short field.
init all the class names and directories in the given directory and prefix and add them to the
removes the specified bandwidth option from the list of bandwidth fields.
exit with a non - zero value and a message ready to be written back.
returns current time in milliseconds.
collapses any newlines in the given string into a single string, so that newlines are
generates documentation for an element of the doclet.
extracts properties from a set of key / value pairs.
removes the last row from the table.
ensures that the specified component is visible.
ends the representation based on the current representation protections set.
creates a new generator using the specified number formatter.
splits a line ( using the given delimiter ) into n tokens.
creates a new cctarget for the given object with the given method name for the given timer
read the next tuple of data fields from the stream.
adds a double and an integer.
remove a propertychangelistener from the listener list.
load the values for this step from an xml node.
hashes the given signature of this sketch into an array of buckets of stages and their hashes.
adds the given group name to the trigger group repository if it does not already exist.
reads a base64 - encoded string.
clears out all the temporary files that have been returned by gettempfiles ( )
this method reads the thumbnail image from the specified file and returns it's bitmap representation if
completed submit ( runnable ) returns result.
shrinks an area so that it appears to be occupied around a new point.
asserts the jq test case using the default delta of all tests, returning true if
builds an absolute value. the time and time will be specified in milliseconds from the epoch.
serialize a trained classifier to a given file.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
indicates whether the given field is a partition tag or not.
arranges the content of a container using a specified width and a specified constraint.
implements the execute method by invoking the associated object method on the proxied object.
returns the index of the first occurrence of search in the given string bounded by start and end
increments the count of the counter of k by delta.
this will send the oscpacket to the client.
handle a key typed event.
fills all class names that are not in the given mappedclasses map with the gap values
reads this instance's properties from a stream such as the name, type and constraints.
creates a program that satisfies an op_checkmultisig program.
deletes the instances at the given indices.
add the listener as a listener of the specified type.
converts c1 to c2 using the garbage collection. c2 is the concatenation of
checks if given base date is between given start date and end date.
add a listener to the timeout manager that will be notified every time the timeout expires.
converts a list of strings into an array of strings.
transform the provided description text into the tool tip text.
writes part of the buffer to the socket.
instantiates a new client http request.
collect the characters into mcharsbuff and store the result in mcharsbuff.
appends a start / end tag with the given name and value.
returns the extra info that are present in this extra info field of the certificate.
adds all contents to the top level contents.
executes a closure with a sql instance passed in as the parameter map. the closure is
not supported. < p > note : this method is not supported. < p >.
adds an index entry to the resource index, if there is no index entry for that resource
method solve. this method loops through all the query nodes and invokes the solve method. it
removes from starts the array the starts array, the item at the given start index,
create an event type that represents a bean of the given class.
reverses this entry, it's posted, and wipes the index.
used to determine whether or not the caller's credentials should be used in subject creds.
adds a field with the specified value to the request with the specified field name.
deletes the storage from the storage manager.
performs a advanced coap request ( as defined by the request object ).
tests whether all the attributes in the test set are valid.
load the database from the binary specified in the specified input stream.
delete luns from lun group.
removes the given locators from this container.
indicates if the item, p_choice, is selected or not.
adds an operation to the progress panel.
use the named provider in order to access the stored values using the specified key.
compare and decrement the worker count.
converts a set of requests to an httpurl connection.
constructs a new proxy that connects to the given address and port.
tests fix for bug # 222613 - getconnection with properties ( ) throws exception
amount of time that the process's waited - for children have been scheduled in user
construct a program rewriter given a list of hop rewrite rules and a list of statement blocks
creates the settings menu.
writes a string to the given outputstream.
check whether the given string is a valid java name.
create all the commands used to run nodejs based on nodejs configuration and target files.
parse the list of packages and add metrics to sensorcontext.
gets the error stream from a process and reads it to keep the process from blocking due to
deletes the string wherever it occurs in the current builder.
turns a list of string representation of a method into an array of class objects.
trims all triples to the size of this gazetteer.
determines if the prompt contains'select account '.
sorts the instances in ascending order using quicksort.
changes the width of the given image to left - to - right and returns the new image
get audit status of current thread.
is this request a terms request?.
reads all the segments of the table.
project a time value within 24 hours. time should be between 0 and 59 59 : 00
this method is used to update the min / max for dictionary.
deserilize a struct instance.
parses the command line options and executes the command.
concatenates two byte arrays together.
initializes an input stream from the specified file.
factory method for instantiating a configuration for use in an extended dismax query.
searches for the given value and writes it to the specified database.
returns the bessel function of the y value of the given maximum value.
adds a focus cleared listener to this component.
add an item listener.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
creates a mosaic levy.
returns the rank of the given value.
create a new predicate returning the same behavior that returns false for the given predicate.
adds margin - top at the end of the content child view.
converts a hex string to a byte array.
sends a buffer of bytes to the idevice connection.
this method fetches the schema from the server.
appends the given double array to the given stringbuffer.
converts the dimensions into a real array.
reads all the partitions from the file named p for the job and returns them as an array
check whether the given seqno is equal to or greater than the current max sequence number.
draws a line in a byte [ ] of x0, y0, y1
performs some processing on the given item.
pushes the given value onto the top of the stack.
computes the cardinality of the item at a given tail index.
create a standard response header with optional cookie and print document.
cast a object to a long object ( reference type ).
called when a grid row is finished to add the appropriate icon.
the initial state of the object should not be changed by modifying initial array value.
stops the adb server and disconnects the adb host.
called when a ping has been received from a client.
this method is used to look up an object literal in the cache to see if it was
this method is not supported by this class and should never be called.
test that we have non - null values for transfer rate.
adds a new x509trustmanager to the extensions.
return an iterator over the children of this node.
create new folder if new directory couldn't be created.
i ( x [ j ] [ k ] ) = i ( x [ k ] )
instantiates a test using the specified properties.
selectfunctionalitytest # test_getscale ( ). selects a column into a table
make a json string from a value.
indicates if the given type is retained at runtime.
message processing test, start activity.
add the given classpath to the existing classpath.
load directories to be used by user id store and validate the existence of the user id directories
constructs a new individuum instance for a null table.
finds all classes matching the given uri, and returns them as a list. < p
checks whether a value is slavo germanic.
shuffles the given inventory.
returns the formatted value.
returns a lower - case version of the given string.
runs the assertions for the given list, starting with the size of the given list.
this method allows to register a particular transform.
call this method after you are done with the coroutine object in a coroutine manager.
reduces the internal char array by the number of characters currently in the character array.
creates a new logical and condition with the provided sub - conditions.
drops data from the write buffer to the provided absolute position.
create a new hopimpl ( host, port, transport ) object.
responds to the update button in the controls of this view.
write a single character.
parse a loconet message.
this method performs all the operations needed to perform the insert and remove operations.
return true if the add - on or add - on all have the same name as the
this method is used to check if the objectclasses set contains at least one objectclass.
writes an int field value.
returns the factorial of a normal distribution. factorial is defined as ln ( x )
waits for this receiver to be in the waited - for state.
atomically adds the given value to the current value of the field of the given object managed
close the given closeable object without throwing an exception.
append the data to the file.
notifies the listeners that the content of the list has changed.
convert a ipv4 address from an integer to an inetaddress.
creates a new aftpclient object and opens a new connection.
unpacks the compressed character translation table.
adds the key - value mapping to the cache if the key is not already associated with a
compute the length of the common suffix between two strings of different length.
called when the input source is about to be closed. <! - - begin - user
starts the monitor thread if it's not already running.
end the current video frame.
scale the icon down by the given factor.
read the default serializable field values for this object.
converts this string to the lower - camel version string.
removes and returns the first element, or null, if this queue is empty.
instantiates a new add movie set action.
creates the rmi registry on the supplied port.
poll ( reloads the file ) for updates, and if successful, updates the socket.
resets the internal state of the classifier.
ensures that the outputbuilder does not contain whitespace only at the end of the line.
handles duplicate request handler request.
returns true if the entry has expired since the specified time.
makes the given visitor visit the frame with all the local variables.
returns native string [ ] special properties for the target java class.
executed after a query has finished executing to make sure that the done query has successfully completed
return a list of former identities sorted by priority from highest to lowest priority.
return the logarithm of the parameter.
invoked when a chart is about to be reported as progress, or when a tooltip is
returns a local date in japanese calendar system from an epoch - day number.
checks that grids cache and primary cache do not contain any anymore empty entries.
returns a node with a matching key and value, or null if no node matches.
add language to list & lt ; language & gt ;.
returns the index of the smallest value that is greater than ( or optionally equal to ) the
adds a user to the repository.
Mix k1, k2 onto this one by a 128 bitwise mix of k2.
register a new host with this simulator.
add to - be - reconcile flow to the queue of flows to be reconcile.
creates a jar with the given parameters, and writes it to the given output stream.
appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided integer value.
expect a server proxy failure.
removes the given key from the request.
recursively recalculates the attribute statistics for the given attribute.
returns true if the list of children is empty, or false if it contains no children.
inserts the given column spec at the specified index in the table.
returns the index of the first data character that matches the specified string.
calculates the size of the rhs of a production ( i.
helper method which loads a command via an inputstream and uses a bshmethod to get
invokes the compiled method of the given command class with the given args and interpreter and
compute the probability of all instances in the multinomial logistic model and store it in
adds a client to the external client data structure.
this method will delete a file only if it exists, also if it is a folder.
adds the export remove volume steps to the workflow.
apply gibbs sampling to the given document.
removes a dbg token from the dbg table.
adjust min / pref sizes for components, when spanning multiple columns, depending on the size
reads the file from standard input and sends the events to the listener.
ensures that newbyte should be an escape sequence or does nothing if it is not.
returns the network parameters object for the given network id or null if its not recognized.
add certificates and certificates in certstore to the current certificate set and crl set.
method to store the body of this header ( in case it was written to the stream )
calculates the angle between the two given points ( origin, target ) and the origin and
appends white space to writer.
clears the resource index for a given resource type.
the canonical form of this header and transactions are used, to serialize the header and the transactions
generates the last 365 days where the last one is the day of the given date.
return the set of labels that will be used in the search result to match the vertexs
reset unread counts for a given section.
adds a category to the category list.
callnonvirtualmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns an object.
tries to send all other messages to all connected hosts ordered by their delivery probability.
create a color that is appropriate for the press event.
streams. of ( string [ ] movienames ) - > stream < string > movies
caches the client user id in the cache.
returns the node with the specified key, if present, or null if none.
utility method to query the modifier flags of this member.
given an image, run a task on the queue, waiting on the queue to be full
do insert, update. - set p_ad_id, p_m_id
given a face and a location in world coordinates, compute the cellid that contains that face
enable / disable the load project actions based on whether or not the project is already loaded.
closes this stream and releases any system resources associated with this stream.
truncates a phone number to be a too long.
checks if a given value is within a time comparison epsilon ( nanosecond value ).
returns the histogram for the histogram in question.
creates a new weekday label.
create a new path by appending the given path to this path.
returns the index of the specified substring in the specified string.
submit ( null callable ) throws nullpointerexception.
read a signed 16 bit value.
add a preprocessor directive.
format a date. this method is used to format a date and a time in milliseconds since
clears the results stored in this profiler so that it can be retrieved again later.
filter out elements that have a property with a specified key and value. < p / >
adds the specified attribute value to the specified attribute value.
copies the input stream to the output stream.
prints all public or protected members of the given type.
initializes the basic variables and rows arrays to point to the first available row in the basic
invoked when a mouse button has been released on a component.
wait for free space on windows on windows.
attach a sip header.
returns the phonetic of the given word at the given position.
stop the program and exit with a exit code.
create a new ode < decimal64 > representing the state of the function.
returns the hash code of the specified object or 0 if the object is null.
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one.
asserts that a pivot field ( field value and count ) is equal to the given values
generates xml representation of this object.
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer.
recursively iterates through a directory and then calls a file for each file that matches a given
highlight any hashtags in the text.
process one block of the input data and write the result in " out " ( same as
get the topic for the command.
this method will throw an exception if the specified array is either null or empty.
executes a http download with given url and cookie.
test against the " setseed ( byte [ ] ) " method ; it checks out the
wraps the original image's height in the image's width in order to preserve
creates a new instance of morfologikfilterfactory.
execute the callable wrapping any checked exceptions inside a finally block.
returns a string that is the given string padded on the left to the given totalchars amount
returns a hash code value for this object.
constructs a new unixterminal using the default character set.
is the cell editable. at this time only the value that is present in the row is
checks if all the streams in the data are still online or if they are valid.
add a package to the priority list.
action to be performed.
verify that the given certificate meets the conditions of the given crls.
read a sequence of code words ( r, b, c ) from standard input, and
create a new audiocapabilities object with a subset of the encodings that are supported by this audio
returns true if the graph is rotating the edge labels.
creates an extension response code.
creates the default inverse cumulative probability test expected values.
appends the string representation of the boolean argument to this string buffer.
deletes all the servers in this group.
sort. sort is in a [ u ] [ x ] [ u ] [ 0 ]
report an error that was detected during the parsing of a fatal element.
adds a terminal if it is not already present, and returns true, if it was added
it creates recursivly in zk for the given path if it does not exist yet
stop recording, quit the recording.
writes & lt ; tag & gt ; to the underlying output stream.
returns the hash code for this timestamp.
get a new type variable for the first time in the scope of the list of type variables
iterates from this number down to the given number, inclusive, decrementing by one each
add a raw select - clause element to the select - clause.
remove listener for pv changes.
test to see if a geo time serie is supposed to be normal, given a set of
create a new showprogress.
parse a repositoryexpression. the following structure is term creator and list of operations.
closes this stream. this implementation releases the buffer used for the stream and notifies all threads
adds the given section to the list of sections.
load a genome relationships file.
split a version string into an array of integers, each integer in the form 1.
compute the type of this run from the current data model if this is a source graph or
returns true if a and b are approximated within a tolerance.
given a path to a json file, loads the json model and checks that the file exists
split a line in a less comment string into an array of strings.
convenience method for creating the data for'volumes'test.
converts a linkedhashmap to an object of the given type.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
checks if the given rem block is a start block.
return true if a password check error was generated successfully by the user, false if the password
splits the pdfdocument into pages of size " size ".
checks if the auth schemes set contains valid auth schemes.
constructs a uuid from the given string, assuming that the urn string starts with the "
return the next line from the input.
decode a base64 string.
make a gradientpaint for red mode.
match numbers in text. returns a list of strings.
creates an entry node in the directed graph and adds it as a child of the specified parent
asserts that the deliveries in the expected state have the same format as in deliverystates
computes the scope of the facets for the given set of files, if any.
writes the bitmap to a file.
parses the given text, using the given conversation context.
replaces an existing child node with a new child node.
gets the hash code for the specified multi - key.
flushes the internal buffer and the underlying output stream, but leaves the internal buffer alone.
adds the entry info to the entry info list.
update the current slide position to reflect the new position and notify the listeners.
flush the writer. the writer will be closed when finishing or the end of the filter
constructs a new video stream object from a string which can contain one or more url parameters
tests if the specified string is equal to this string.
flush the stream to ensure all data is written out to the file ( otherwise do nothing )
start servers in a daemon thread.
evaluates the pagination settings of the specified entity class, returning this object when the pagination settings
initializes the runtime collector.
removes a service provider from the list of service providers to be deregistered.
create a new newestfirstcomparator with start at now.
updates the value of the item corresponding to the specified x - value.
writes an float field value.
decodes the input byte array using the decoder and returns the result in a byte array.
return a path for a scroll bar apart.
removes all views from the adapter from the given viewpager instance.
check mobile is valid or not.
method to convert an error message to a source filename and line number.
returns the hyperbolic sine of the number.
add a notification to the container.
returns true if the attribute store has been modified, or false if it's empty.
creates ignoredescriptor for given method.
generates a sample of the specified set of dbids, randomly selecting the specified sample size
draws a random message size.
grab the arguments off of a method signature.
javax. net. ssl. ssleng # enginecreatessleng ( )
process the dispatch. this is called by the worker thread to process the events. it is
resets the candidate list and sets the flag to false in case of a new candidate.
recieves this object as a nodetype - localname pair with the given namespace and
writes a long to the specified position.
deletes a list of rp volumes and their replication sets.
move to next frame ( without waiting for any more frames in the pending queue ).
see the general contract of the readlong method of datainput.
test meta data get method ; it checks that all required fields are returned.
determines what log implementation should be used, given a log class name.
create a via host header.
returns a string representation of this write stream.
resolves all parameters of the given executable.
check to see if a character is a valid xml name.
checks whether the specified character can be at the beginning of an identifier.
returns a suitable hash code value.
creates a new command handler enum.
tells whether a given type is a float.
invoked when component has been resized.
constructs an argument with the given name, description and number of arguments expected.
removes the specified element from the list, if it is present at the specified position.
removes a model object from the model set.
reads data from a file in from a file named " map ".
compute hoeffing ( ln ( observed, trials ), ln ( prob )
callback used when the nested view has been scrolled to, so we can perform a pull
tests that local instances of the same type are deterministic.
adds a new match to the match set.
reset the scanner to its initial state, allowing the scanner to be recycled.
asserts that the consumer throws an exception, according to the specified assert - exception class and
determines if there is no room in the graph.
asserts that a boolean value is true.
creates a new converter that converts tags to tags using the specified id key. < p /
this method is called just prior to initialization, to ensure that the debug system is properly initialized
attempts to propagate the request to the retry policy and update the request's marker.
sort files in batches, using the given comparator. the files will be sorted in batches,
add a directory to the database.
finds next node in the range [ hi ], inclusive or exclusive.
adds the idrepo to an organization's amsdk realm.
the method onkeypress, the method concatenates the given key string into the pin string
checks if the string starts with the " hierachic " extension.
paints a portion of a highlighting layer.
receives a char of data.
converts a byte buffer to a byte buffer with the given order.
writes a single byte to the output stream.
if a local file uri starts with " http : / / " it is processed as a
builds the screen - on / off template based on the feedback screen - off template.
resets the count of the clock, and start time of the clock to get it now
read an integer from the inputstream in big - endian byte order. return the integer.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
addissuer ( x500principal principal ) method testing.
this method adds a tag transformation to the mapping set.
returns true if the file has been modified at the given time or the file size has not
return the characters up to the next end of the stream, as a string.
read the lyrics3tag tag file.
compute the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors.
checks if db configuration is present.
check if the input string is an incomplete numerical run.
generate code for javascript log alert window close.
returns the best parse for state " state ", potentially starting with a unary rule.
parses content of a dom element into this class.
returns the euclidean distance between two points.
description of the method.
returns a copy of the string value with the specified pad character at the specified number of places
registers an error result code.
add all the elements of the specified set to this one.
starts a video stream.
provides license locator which locates resource loaders for specified license files.
determines whether or not the given exception is likely to be of the given type.
creates a new registry instance which can contain the given set of project types.
add notificationlistener to this mbean.
subtract two negative numbers of the same length.
receives messages from the topic and sends them to the server as soon as the message is
delete all instances of the same class and attribute values from the service.
java. util. dsa # getencoded ( ) test of method java. util.
check whether the given class literal is possible or not. < p / >.
loads the log file for the license, or creates it if it doesn't exist.
creates a new htmltagfactory with the given map of key - value pairs.
update a user by id.
computes the log - likelihood of the given document.
returns a string representation of this object.
checks if the terminal is in safe mode.
test bulk get / put byte [ ] methods with offset and length.
inserted an item after the last data - - used by addlastdata ( ).
returns true if the flash component has localized messages, which means the first message was not set
creates a new dockerimage from a string representation of the docker image name.
registers a set of channel names to be listened for.
deletes a directory recursively, if it is a symlink, or does nothing if it is
deletes all empty folders from the favorites table.
perform an asynchronous sum operation.
write ( byte [ ] b, int off, int len ) method testing.
creates & lt ; document & gt ; from & lt ; data & gt ;.
is the volume a production journal for the given production copies?.
according to spec info table " symbol_in_column_name " does not match
decode an escaped string. < p / > todo : this should not be inlined for
this method allows to wait until the next poll method is called or until a poll is outstanding
computes and returns the length of the annoation text as well as the number of anno
reads the image map and writes it to writer.
adds a message to be imported by this builder.
renders the properties as an xml string, including prefixes and attribute values.
returns the given collection as a list of strings, converted to a list of string.
returns the minimum of the provided values according to this ordering.
reads bytes into an array of bytes.
adds a key - value pair to the array, optimizing for the case where the key
consolidate a list of stack ingredients into a single stack.
determines how many days ago time was ( rounded up / down ).
check if the given data is a valid xml character.
xor for zero and zero.
call the specified consumer with the next value on the returned rail.
java. util. arrays # fill ( char [ ], int, int, char [
add missing values to a dataset.
insert the objects in batches of size partitionsize.
removes a listener for tab selection events.
creates a thlcontext that will connect to a thl server using the specified uri list
method to add volumes to parking storage group.
convert the string input to an input stream, encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding.
has the user chosen to export to pkcs8?.
generates a public key object from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key.
creates a new tick instance for a given number.
returns true if the engine is stoppable, and false if it is not.
writes a log message to the stream.
returns if modifier is public.
create a map of user preference names and their corresponding values from a generic record.
append a quoted string to the current stack operand.
deletes the user's password from the configuration file.
writes error data to the log.
removes the specified processor from the list of processors for this thread.
returns the animation type or 0 if could not be found.
appends a new string onto the vector.
check if the method is in the wrapper methods list.
removes the given node from the list of nodes.
responds to the update button.
obtains a string representation of the receiver.
checks if we can load the class.
computes the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors.
returns the size of the batch operation.
decodes a base64 url encoded string. < br / > for example : " an
clears any attached scrap instances and clears the cached views.
adds the given dataset to this dataset.
the end of an element.
instantiates a new vlc output with the given options.
adds a child to the display list at the specified index.
method to calculate minimum path sum of all rows and columns, given a grid of integers.
constructs a time object from a date / time string.
creates a new dimportkeypairpkcs8 dialog.
minimizes an automaton using simple algorithm.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
adds a column to the key definition.
returns true if the specified number vector does not have nan values in their double representation.
appends spaces to the end of the stringbuilder.
tells the file output stream stream to open the file at the time it's
calculates kernel value of vectors x and y.
closes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with this stream.
this method writes a list of files to a file in the fofn format.
internal : flag all classes that are declared internal.
gets the trigonometric cosine of this angle from the positive x - axis.
this function returns the ss error of the squared difference between the predicted values and the target attribute
returns the number of prefixes contained in this set.
appends the string representation of the char sequence to the output.
convert a timestamp in milliseconds to a timestamp in a string representation : " 00 : 00 "
consumes the named attribute from the request if it is a string, or if it is
copies the given byte array to this byte array starting at the specified offset.
imports the key. if the key already has keys it will be overwritten. if the key
creates a new connectiongrouptree that contains the given connectiongroup root and has the given permissions
determines if the given reader contains exactly one metric element.
attempt to separe metatag content.
remove columns from the table.
reads the service settings from the server, loads it into the raw service data, and stores
refreshes the preference list based on whether the activity is enabled or the set of assigned keys
adds the type mirror to the set of inherited types.
multiply histogram by scalar.
add cache participants. called when new cache participants are added to local store.
converts a map to json.
prints this exception's context to the given print stream.
returns the number of methods in the class.
adds a requestid to the requestids hashtable.
saves the managenameid service for posting to the mnipost service.
go to update page.
creates an element in the current scope for the given unit.
convert list of virtual files to a list of relative path strings. < p / >.
ensures that the security manager is properly initialized.
get rate of payment from client.
performs an authentication ( authentication ) request on a server socket and returns the client socket.
generates a unique engine id.
parses referential rule list from delphi rules.
encrypt a org. w3c. dom. document to w3c. dom.
add an issue during transformation.
inserts the given child node at the specified position in the list.
returns the ntlm hash of the given password.
checks if the value is between 0 and 1.
substitutes macros in the given string parameter value by using the given macro handler.
compares each element of the matrix with the given power - of - two exponents.
split the camelcase of a class name into a list of camelcase strings.
use an xpath string to select a nodelist.
creates a new result entry with the given population and optional properties.
generates xml for discovery.
creates a new basic type from the specified type and jdbc type.
fired when action got executed.
applies the parameter values stored in the configuration to the service.
rotate the left of a tree at the left side of the tree.
add new node to the list of nodes to be clustered.
this method checks if the set named by setname exists in the backup directory.
return the values in a quoted and comma - separated list of strings.
write a string without compression.
parses the lines of the thresholds resource into a smart thresholds object.
shuts down the server, shutting down if it has not yet been started.
return the point where the given point can be drawn on the screen.
this method will be called when the browser establishes a connection to the server.
adds the specified setup descriptor to the set of descriptors to be included with the generated code.
returns the compilation result as a string in the format " success " or " failure " if
returns a string containing all float numbers concatenated by a specified separator.
put an unsigned byte into the bytebuffer at the current position.
returns the index of the number of parameters in the given type description.
try to optimize a trie by removing any entries that are not in the passed trie.
whether all of the permissions have been denied.
returns a string representation of this row, containing the names of all the columns which are listed
returns a formatter for the specified locale, using the current printerparser and the specified chronology.
waits for external storage to be mounted.
pushes a node onto the top of this stack.
upload a local apk to the device and install it.
reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte array list, and returns it.
uninstalls a package from the list, but does not return the status of the package removal
opens a playlist with a new list of items.
sets the names of the attribute types that should be included in the generated generated generate output.
tests stepping through a reversed range with a closure.
this method is used to normalize a bigdecimal to a certain number of decimals allowed.
this method deserializes a string to a dom object.
append the http parameters to the url, adding the query parameters to the url, with the
sends the given string as an event to the agent.
applies jms specific filters to the given hashmap.
indexes all the tuples in the tuples list with the supplied field.
close outputstream without a exception.
adds the given listener to the list of listeners.
indicates whether this element contains only a single attribute container or not.
touch the file and create a new entry in the cache.
opens a file. this method is called from the java program itself and is called by the
toggle the selection status of the item at a given position.
a callback method for subclasses that need to be called before the game is drawn.
converts the given byte value to the equivalent byte value.
produces the result of the method invocation on the target object.
if the name is a built - in keyword, wrap it with a # in front of
adds a new issue matcher to this matchers and returns the matcher.
finds the appropriate scope for the given annotatedelement.
get a handle / subkey table for the given security mask.
removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list.
advances the iterator to the previous position in the text.
creates a new instance of deferredimagereplacedelement with the given image resource and repaintlistener
determines whether a compound name is a prefix of this compound name.
invokeall ( c ) returns result of some task in c.
creates an instance of the listener.
create an ecdsa signature of the given hash using the private key and the domain.
constructs a time period with the given start time and end time.
create and return a new edit menu for this network panel.
removes the given listener from the list of listeners.
called when a new state is to be recovered and when a new state is to be recovered
returns true if the layer is a bom layer ( i.
indicates whether this message is a signed message or not.
parses the json data from the given text.
returns the number of parts in the path.
creates a simple database from an input stream with the given number of filters.
add filters to the chooser.
stop the service, unbind the connection to the service from the webview thread.
returns the next element, or null if no elements are available.
delegamos el eliminacion del usuarios del organizacion.
add a new layer to the end of the list if there are no more source layers.
shiftright ( int n ), n is greater than bitlength ( ).
ignorm a set of coefficients c1 and c2, returning the result in c2
finds the first character that isn't a whitespace character in the given string.
reads the contents into the buffer, advancing the offset to the next byte.
creates a primitive type based on the supplied object value.
create cash based journal entries and reversals for savings.
reads a sequence of bytes from this file into the given buffer.
sets the time component of the calendar to zero ( if not already set ).
returns the probability distribution function.
converts an integer to a string and appends it to the given buffer.
draw the text at the coordinates specified by the textgrid parameters.
test de busqueda active directory con atributos.
handles a key press event from the virtual code to a character, in the input buffer.
returns a hash code value for this dit structure.
strips any leading period.
checks if the given directory is part of the list of required config directories. < p /
removes empty labels from the list and sets the id of each empty label to 0.
rotate theta degrees about the x - axis.
returns nanoseconds from the specified date.
perform an asynchronous max operation.
creates an https client object that is capable to make requests for https using the specified username and
given a type signature and its array count, returns a new array of length arraycount.
prints a new line to the output.
increases the size of the buffer to be at least the given number of bytes.
handle an enumeration of attributes, which need to be included in the confusion matrix.
return true if the request is a loadmore request and there is at least one more page
adds a worker to the pool but only if it's not already in the pool.
removes the node at the head of the frontier, adds the corresponding state to the
creates a bitmap font.
returns true if the given pool is a tenured memory pool.
return a simple string representation of the dataset with the type and the number of entries.
execute a callable only in the interpreter of this object.
set the protocol dispatch selector if a proxy is configured for the given protocol, otherwise do nothing
adds a header to the header list.
reads a skeleton file.
returns a set containing all non - monogamic samples in the given set of families
creates a vao for the scene with some boxes.
checks if the given file exists and contains the given content.
load up a 2d image from the given file as a two - dimensional array of boolean
this method updates egdm collected receipts when the receipt with the specified number was cancelled.
add an animation to the animation registry.
called after discovery is completed to clean up the discovery system.
initializes the parser, reading from the file and storing the result in the m_words
determines if a string is in a given length range.
unwatches all watches for the named path.
add a property to the criteria.
remove a column from the table.
check whether the native guid string exists in the database for unmanaged protection sets.
put a string to a byte array.
compare result of execute query in igfs cluster to see if query result is same as expected
atomically updates the current value with the results of applying the given function, returning the updated
this method is called when the notification is about to be closed.
determines if we should move the resource based on the currently utilized service's
converts any throwable objects into string messages, if they're not in the exception array
create a new raf for a file at the given path with the given lock factory.
add'minutes'to the list, creating a label if needed.
re - compose the variable list for the top - level variables, if the variable isn '
this method gets called when a bound property is changed.
sorts the array, but only if it is not already sorted.
executes the given update sql statement and returns the number of affected rows.
apply a normal command to one or more pdf glyphs, converting the text into a normal one
initializes hadoop id patterns using the given connection.
sets a collection of indices, which must be unique within the graph.
tells whether or not the cookie is secure.
loads a json string from an input stream and returns an array of objectmodels.
this function takes a vector of paths, and creates a multistep exprlist.
add weighting ( weightidx is the number of weight units ) for each quantized channel
updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate3 ( ). updates rows with referencing ones and
try to prune any exceptional out chains, assuming that there are no duplicate exceptional out
returns a space - separated spaced string of the content of this string.
parses a content type value in the specified subsection of the provided byte array.
don't cache anything, just store the result in memory.
same as lineto, but the coordinates are considered relative to the last point on the last
parses the output of the conflict manager and returns the set of content conflicts.
write the start part of the header to the specified output stream.
add to actual qty.
determines whether a character is a vowel.
prints the stack trace of the given sqlexception to the given printwriter.
readdata - - convert the byte count and event count from the buffer to an event event
removes the elements at the specified position in this list.
build a single row of components in the panel.
adds targets elements to the set of target elements to be used when building the pipeline.
draws a curve from the last point to the specified coordinates in the path.
divide : rounding mode is round_up, result is negative.
it opens the counter binary file as a buffered stream.
create a new composite predicate with two clauses.
reads the next word from the input stream, returning null if no more tokens are available.
appends the string representation of the given string object to the given string buffer.
checks if a file exists on the local filesystem.
method buildassociations. this method is called after instances have been verified, and after every instance
replaces the first occurrence of the specified string in the specified string.
this class should not be instantiated.
add a string that is a simple class name to the reporter.
return the first child element that of the given element name in the list of element names.
run this program in a one - shot program.
hashcode is defined for this class to make sure that the string is not null.
tests the functionality of the method, which allows to add all helper text colors, which are
divide all doubles in the array by the maximum of each.
writes a message to a file.
returns a hashcode for the sample.
generates an equally distributed random number between [ start, end ).
writes a binary file data to the output stream.
reload the system locale if necessary, or do nothing if the configuration has changed.
get a keymap instance by name or id.
a method to check if a name is a valid gm format name, as defined by the
adds trailing slashes from the uri if it doesn't start with " http : " or
deletes the mapping with the specified key.
this is the default implementation function for adding matches to the search results.
sets the stopat to the current system time.
retrieve a single row from the contents of this table.
remove all occurrences of a character from a string.
adds all columns in the table to the query as named column names.
copy stream from input stream to output stream.
this method is called to check if the activity has been setup and setup the listviewadapter
simple ( floating point type ) deserialization uses bigdecimal ( string ) objects to verify that they
copies the component to the parent of the new container and returns it. if the copy
function to compute the sum of the zetastatic distribution, with a given initialsum
this method calculates the total pending advance for woe's. < p > this method
loads a profile for the specified user.
scrolls the list view by the given amount ( amount of space ) and redraws the
determines whether the given symbol needs quoting, i.
parses the commit counter file name from the file name.
loads a xml document from a file and returns the corresponding dom document.
create a new node to represent a floating comment.
check if there is any department for a given assign id.
creates a munger function for the given list of languages.
scan the archive for all values that match the specified stat specifications and return a list of new
recursively assign their cluster numbers to this node and all of its children.
closes the current subpath and sets the pen location to the beginning of the path.
create a new tv show episode scrape task.
save selection and set selection to a list of id's.
creates a new instance of this class.
cancel running and clean a build task.
creates a new directory in the specified directory.
move the view provided by center to the closest point to the mercator projection ( latitude
send an event with the specified name and a set of properties.
handle a column being pressed in the header table.
creates a list of fixedrecords with the given count.
adds the given attributes to the query if they're not already exist.
recompose the attribute sets which belong to the elemattributeset in this elemresolver.
split a string into a list.
method used to delete dbffdc files under the given directory.
specialized version of find to get last valid node.
appends a byte array to the nal unit.
computes size of a directory recursively ( sum of the size of all files in it )
pans the display view by the given distance in screen ( pixel ) co - ordinates
asserts that the given object is a serializable object and has the same hash code as the
returns the url of the guide for the resource.
sums all elements in the list, and returns the mean.
convert a byte array to a hex string.
initializes an input stream from a url.
removes msgid'enablefullscreenafterload'message and enables fullscreen after load
converts html entities to html entities.
writes a vector of bytes to this output stream.
unlock user interface. called from processworker. - unlock process if not in print mode.
build a map of uri to storagesystem for the given vplex system and list of
password based encryption using aes - cbc 256 bits.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
uninstall method, called when the editor is being removed from the jtextcomponent.
returns true if this extension is secure, or false if this extension is not secure.
samples the given rec to the set of recs.
prepares a tenant parameter and returns a parameter object with proper description and user mapping for the
forces an internal error to be printed to the user.
paints the highlight. this function assumes that the graphical representation of the node is
creates an instance of an image encoder for the specified image format.
applies a listener to the imageview that is used for pinch zooming.
parses a file option, uses default if option is missing.
check if the account is balanced.
ensures that the capacity of the bit vector has at least the specified number of bits.
returns the detail base for the given method.
called after all data has been written to an output stream and when all data has been written
take the lock. if the lock has not been acquired, then this method does nothing.
this method handles the creation of a statement given the sql statement and the time it was created
removes an entry with the given id.
switches up the setup and gets the username and password from the user.
loads the client details object based on the oidc authorization request.
adds a field property with the given name and accessor field.
method called to start parsing of a " no wild cards " ( " pattern " ).
get the environment variables from the base64 encoded version of the baggage.
the graphical representation of a series.
sends listen mod log to the specified user if the user does not already have one,
returns true if the classname is a syntactically valid class name, false otherwise.
now with a new minute, calculate the fractional minutes since the last call to gettime (
check if the data collection scan job is scheduling needed based on last scan time.
removes a set of breakpoints from the breakpoint storage.
replaces the attributes of an creation template with the ones specified.
readobject is called to restore the state of the listener.
adds a new element to the end of the list.
converts an array of bytes to a human - readable string of numbers, where each number
create a new server in the specified cluster.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
minimalcompletionstage returns a completed completionstage.
writes directory / jar post resource to an xml element.
trims off an array to be exactly the target array size.
returns the potion type corresponding to the table with the given name.
removes the curlmesh from this renderer.
samples the nbest list for a given source, with a given score, and translation and
this method posts a runnable, which is called in the eventbus thread until a runnable is
returns true if this map is closed.
inserts a think time step into the script.
add an instruction to the graph.
ensures that the buffer's capacity is at least equal to the specified minimum.
remove the given name from the list of names for the builder.
deserializes a collection of documents from the given inputstream.
add a target weapon to the list of hitbyswarms.
checks whether a checkpoint exists for the given key.
create an omraster, lat / lon placement with an imageicon.
copystream is a wrapper to copy the input stream to the output stream, based on the
write the header of the ros file.
parses a string starting with the specified closing character.
generate code to unwrap the return value of a primitive type.
format a link with an anchor text.
constructs a jsonexception object with the specified detail message.
this function will take the utils and fix them with the roottools path, if they are
sets the patterns to read from the configuration file, and sets the list of patterns to compile
returns an array of all files or directories in a given directory.
outputs the contents of this node and all its children to a string with respect to the given
encodes the given int value to the given appendable, encoded as vlq format.
removes the given overlay on the given cell.
removes the idx th key in the table.
inserts the string representation of the argument into this string buffer.
adds the gefaehrdungs um setzungen to the list of
normalizes a class path. < p / > e. g. < p / >
constructs an as sequence from one of the given objects.
push a value onto the stack.
converts the given node to a string if it isn't already a string type.
updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate7 ( ). updates row with referencing ones and
creates a history read future.
validate that this uri has the correct scheme and vm id.
notifies all waiters that are about to be written.
returns the physical offset of the file's first page_header_size + offset.
an internal entity declaration.
checks whether the user is authorized to perform the specified operation on the given credential.
returns the next object in the list.
add a list of messages to the queue, waiting for messages to be played, and
sets the rational func as a result of the method call.
creates a principal object based on the provided parameters.
compares this crl to the specified object.
generates a random number from a 1 - 6 base, incrementing by one.
converts a array of septets into a octet stream.
creates a new panel object.
gets the height of the value at the specified marker.
start up a consumer thread that will consume data by calling the specified consumer function.
calculates the distance between the first instance and the second instance, using the given statistics.
find all the objects that are in the sameas chaining and add them to the set of
reindex all tables and triggers in the database.
returns a dot representation of the inference context.
resize the contents of the tables to ensure that they will fit in the current bounds.
returns true if there are still sockets on the inetaddress array and false otherwise.
convert percentile level to x - value.
get the queue name from the database name.
use this symbol. return id if found, else return id.
calculates the angle in radians between the two current touch points and the two current touch points
read an unsigned 16 bit value from the data at the given offset.
removes quote characters from the option string when it is used as an encolosing
generates a label string for the specified series.
this method will match the given pattern with the string str and return true if the pattern matches
increases space between preferred size and actual size, if necessary, returns the adjusted size
find the rvm field with the given name and descriptor.
constructs a new instance, based on a particular date / time and time zone.
this class should not be instantiated.
if there is no field with the specified key, then associate the given value with the specified
reads the boolean value from the json array for specified index.
generates the instruction to set the boxing field of the top stack frame.
this method is the method that opens the pdf file, creating a temp file and copying the
this method is called when executing this application from the command line.
attempts to find a waiting consumer, or null if none can be found.
compute one signatures out of a dbi [ ] array of dbi partitions, and a
testbit ( int n ) a positive number, n > bitlength ( ).
find the end of the newline chars of a string.
the following method is used to calculate the coordinates for the current glyph based on the current transformation
converts a julian day to a java. util. date object.
removes the last element of the stack, if it matches.
serialize a node that is in compact rdf format to its textual representation.
computes the utility table for the query variable, given a bayesian network.
converts a list of strings to a list of floats.
get the next image from the queue and move the iterator to the next image.
loading method. ( see nbt_tag ).
this function finds the best activity in the route based on the number of activities in the major
writes a short ( 16 bit ) to the target stream.
checks if the current pool has been initialized.
starts an intent to view to open the'new account'page in the web browser.
register a subject that has been encountered when parsing the next time the data is inserted into the
trim the rest of the line if it's at the first'\ n'character
returns the distance from p1 to p2.
utility method to append a single instruction to a fmb.
returns an iterator over the items in the ordered list.
ensures that the given set of domains is not in use.
filters a set of circles into a single set of circles.
here the fixture is just a class, the method is just a method.
given an annotated a type, returns the type to which it should be serialized.
convert a scene from java format to the java format and write it to out.
returns map containing the given entries.
write a char array.
load the freetts synthesis from the given mary voice.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
add an incremental classifier listener.
reads an r4 from the input stream and returns it in a float.
generates certificate ( certs ) associated with this key store from the supplied stream.
checks if all the files in dest are on src but not in src.
converts the order list in the select statement to include collation and offset.
performs a ticking of the block at the given position.
updates the purchase status and purchased item.
configures a message label, which is used to show a message to the user.
remove and remove all limitlines.
return a new instance with the elements from the given stream which are not contained in the returned
computes the meteringregion for normalized coordinate crop region.
flushes the internal buffer and the underlying output stream.
construct a vector from an array of doubles whose elements are of the form x [ 0 ]
handle the case of the " < inner class " tag.
converts a double into a pixel value in world coordinates.
indicates whether the world file values appear geographic.
store's the value of the specified register in the stream.
removes a remote session if it exists.
returns a string representation of this vector.
return an iterator over the children of this page.
enables metrics for the server by setting " opt - out " to true in the config
instantiates a new hmac based on the given key.
checks if this charseq starts with the string.
write part of a byte buffer without saving it to the underlying output stream.
return true if the class was loaded from a source file on the classpath.
reads the ldif content and writes it to the connection.
prints the progress of a read / write round - trip.
releases the lock on the remote node ( if any ) to the current thread.
loads the positions within a specified range of lat / lon.
create a checkbox to toggle the state of a checkbox.
adds a batch of requests to the database as completed and returns the batch id.
dequeues an output buffer if it is full.
create a jobdefinition that is a retryable fixed - delay job.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
stores given long value.
use the simple pipeline to create the minimal folds.
sign part of the xml document referered by the supplied cert_alias.
displays the popup on the top of the stack and sets the popup value to the current
create an empty instance of the abstract sdfwriter.
gets the best firing plan under the heat, given the entity state, and max heat.
method to map a volumegroup to the restrep.
posts a list of files.
clears the searchable attribute list.
add an action listener that will be notified when the button is triggered.
adds an ingredient to the list.
get the sql order of the query.
returns the first clone of the given key, or null if no clone was found.
converts a specified string to a byte array using the specified encoding.
tests whether the given value looks like an abg value.
this method is called before the test class is loaded.
adds the replacement for the given meta character.
the code that does the real work of lookup.
finds all history records for a given job.
converts an ascii character into a standard quote character.
this function is used to examine the set of the active landmarks for the set of
this method returns a detailed description of the classifier.
draws the overflow indicator.
write a line of values to the file.
this method verifies that the inputstream appears to a pem file and returns a boolean value indicating
instantiates a new close listener.
indicates where the index will be routed to based on the provided routing parameter.
receive data via the underlying datagram receiver.
deletes an attribute at the given position ( 0 to numattributes ( ) - 1 )
adds the labels for a specified locale to the index, but only if it's not
wrap and return the engine's data unless this engine is backed by a key.
constructs a new javaclassloader with the given server instance.
adds a separator byte to the end of the query string.
test if the external storage location of the current device represents a file on the file system.
loads a list of the modules that are available from the raw modules database.
writes the data for this segment to the stream in valid jpeg format.
this method is a utility method to round a double value to a positive probit.
converts a set of properties to a map of types, according to the style of the
parses the register information.
creates a new namedthreadfactory with the given thread name prefix.
unit test for decode ( byte [ ] data ), which must encode as uint16.
adds a transaction to the list of transactions to be processed.
sleeps up to the given number of milliseconds, ignoring any exceptions that might occur.
test split and join of properties ( using pipe ).
test if int and boolean values are properly converted to strings.
tells whether or not the transaction is busy.
parses a sequence of bytes, and writes them to the output stream.
reset the current bandwidth state.
tests whether a single security role is correctly merged into an empty descriptor.
decodes a fullrevision operation.
removes all child characterdata nodes from the given node.
removes node p from list trail and moves it to the end of the list.
calculates the ratio of a friction between two values.
serializes an object using the specified content - type header.
generates the instruction to copy a zr from a set of offset registers from a z
determines whether the native volume expansion should be used for the given vplex volume.
update the gui of the rosterentry to reflect the current state of the roster.
cast a number to an oizp number.
returns the terminal size with the given terminal size if the given terminal size is equal to this
returns true if gzip encoding is allowed. <! - - begin - user - doc -
create a new replayprocessor.
show the list of conversations.
reads one octet from the stream.
enqueue a job for execution by the scheduler.
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number, n > 0.
receive notification of the start of an element.
draws the text from a string, centered on ( x, y ).
reads characters into the specified array, starting at the specified offset.
update the cnonce parameters based on the current values stored in the mnextnonce variable.
matches implicit storage pool ids with all virtual pool matching against the rp system.
calculate the fee based on the price passed by the player.
add current search text in the history, if current text is not in the list.
filter a list of files to see if they should be gathered from swf or not.
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array, with the given string as
writes a 16 - bit value to the output stream.
the order by fields of the returned entity.
create a stemmedstring from two strings.
create a new merger from the list of log streams associated with this log stream processor.
pack a list of ciphersuite into a single string.
constructs a new extension file filter for a specified file extension.
ensure that the tuples array is large enough for the given row.
determines if the given string is an argument with the following prefix : " [ a
recursively removes all of the children of the given node that have the specified type.
sets the current value of the ordered object to the given value.
returns true if'sp'is a valid savepoint, false otherwise.
set the columns of the result set to the table editor.
writes a collection of strings to a file.
remove all elements from the list.
resets the uid validity timer and returns the reset timestamp.
writes out an ogg page header from the given byte buffer.
dispatches to a static site request ( if applicable ).
removes a room from the room manager.
performs discharge operation on items in itemstack by the amount specified in itemstack.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list in proper sequence ( from first to
add all the specified elements at the end of the selection.
check if a certain feature is supported.
list of backup partitions for specified node id.
sets the imageurl to load the resource and return a reference to this object upon completion of
this function takes in the pivot transform matrix and converts it into an equivalent row - major array
converts a message digest to a string of hex digits.
create a new bidi line.
check if the caller is valid for a given package.
paints the background of the internal frame title pane.
add a graphlistener to the listener list.
restarts and install all patch sub - directories if it doesn't exist yet.
aligns the given real and pred array, removing any entries that are not in the array
is product category. - if product is not a category, return false.
creates new form allstatstablemulti.
this method appends a binary file to the end of the current file stream.
provide a list of white space for the test case.
tells whether or not a given name is scoped.
creates a new input object and initializes it with data from the given buffer.
returns a properties object with the data loaded from the given file.
prints a string representation of a boolean field to the target stream.
renders the list of views in textual epl format.
remove all listeners from the database.
loads the audiomap. xml file from the given location.
adds a generic attribute to the list of the generic attribute list.
add fahrt info to fahrzeitevents.
returns a new instance of the given class, or null if the the given class is not
validates that the given uuid is a valid hash, and that the code is correct.
prepare the channel for writes. < p > todo : is there a better way to do
checks all the sites and checks to see if any of them should be shut down.
overridden to avoid implementation dependency.
factory method to create the iv object, indicated by the label value.
adds a request header with the given name and value.
adds a leaf atom.
cumulative probability density function ( cdf ) of a normal distribution.
removes the result of the specified result name.
adds a new entry to the filter panel.
mod for two positive numbers ; the first is positive.
creates a new dexportkeypairpkcs8 dialog.
returns the sum of the values of the given sql expression.
calculates the x offset of this point relative to the x - axis.
called when the activity is finished loading, or when it has been cancelled.
writes a bundle to an xml file, verifies that the lines written are the expected lines.
add the given number of days to the current date and return the result as a string.
create the temporary file to be used for saving a file in the temporary directory.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
removes the entry object at the given xindex from the dataset at the specified index.
performs a read test on the given input buffer.
closes given resource logging possible checked exception.
removes first occurrence of the specified element from this queue, if it is present, otherwise
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height, and with new
build the command line arguments for the scheduler.
adds a document to be analysis.
does the actual work of phase of the encryption operation.
creates a new instance of simplesystempermissionset.
add a bezier curve to the shape.
reads the buckets from preferences and stores them in the m_buckets list.
returns the next character from the input stream, starting at the current position.
accept a offer remove offer from the accept offers list and add offer to the accept offers list
returns a boolean value indicating whether the given key is valid for this certificate using the specified signature
this method builds activity scope graph with activity module and injects itself in activity scope graph.
blockingly waits for the writer to write the number of messages currently in the buffer.
reads a date value from the stream.
remove a selection listener.
write a single hexidecimal value.
utility method to read an input stream into a string, one line at a time.
convert a list of type parameters into a map of name / value pairs.
set kernel free space on a unix file, return the number of bytes that the system can
reads all the bytes from the given input stream and closes the input stream.
see if within two moves of solution.
creates a new penn tree bank reader.
this method will be called when we find a literal unwrap pattern in the ssheader.
closes the write half of the stream.
apply the row change data to the replicator.
normalize an input namedlist by removing leading ','and ','and ',
returns true if and only if the current value is an infinite number.
the in - progress segment key for the segment log segment that starts at logsegment0 (
add a category to the histogram.
receive redundancy data from client.
output the document type declaration.
returns true if the supplied vector is valid.
resolves a url relative to a base url with respect to a pure query target.
returns the maximum depth of the subtree.
utility method for converting a search path string to an array of urls.
add final stack from stack [ i ].
notifies the listener that the connection has been closed.
stores integer value into object obj assuming that value should be stored in volatile byte order.
creates a strategy for the specified field.
creates a random uri that points to the given server inetaddress set and the given
constructs a new plotnavigator for the given plot.
add a new header column.
create a new pointcomparator at a given dimension.
adds an element to an xml document.
flush the output buffer to the underlying stream.
appends the string representation of the specified character to the front of this string buffer.
add to the list of interfaces that this descriptor can implement the specified class name.
reads bytes from the sink into the specified byte array, starting at the given offset.
returns true if this window is visible expecting at least one component.
checks if the run has started and if so, records that the run has been started and
inserts the specified character at the specified position in this string.
adds the given element to the list of roots.
expands the tree pointed to by the given element or tree path and selects all objects
appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided float value.
initialize a new instance of this class using the specified configuration.
this method is used to resize the canvas so that its width and height are at most the
utility method to check if a sequence of char values is normalized.
tostring - returns the string representation of the filter.
unescapes a som string.
saves a column to the database asynced by the specified duration in milliseconds, using
read the copy state from the given input stream.
writes a dangling name to the output stream and closes the current scope.
redeem a token using the given tokennumber and service.
lightens a color by a given factor.
converts an operand size constant to a string suitable for database lookups.
get the file name of a class, with the given class name and the given type suffix
write the pv info for file, tree structure, and int of recursive structure.
parameterasserts that a qualified name namespace is set.
formats the float array d with the specified number format.
pack integer array n with string s, where n is the size of the integer array n
remove the given viewpoints at the given indices, returning the index of the first viewpoint
clear the list of listeners that will be called when a change of page is made.
update the background of the input field depending on the breakpoint condition.
removes the provided view from the ignored list of views.
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream.
returns true if the resource is still valid for the current time, or false if it is
returns the maximum of'n'fill blocks based on the value of the f.
remove all categories and values from the table.
toggles the selected state of the given section.
combines list of files to one sox file.
stops the scroller.
computes in2 correction and sets in1 such that the result is the sum of in
creates a text response with a fixed - length message.
returns the next node in the stream, if there is one, otherwise throws an exception.
replace the alternative endpoint of an http url with the actual endpoint of the web server.
make the ok path.
adds a new member value to this group.
converts a list of strings with whitespace to a list of strings by adding them to the
computes the fully qualified type name of the given widget node.
processes quicktimetoatom atom, treating it as a quicktimetoatom, and
returns a map of name / value pairs from the given string.
issue an http delete and assert the response status code.
computes the running sum of the running sums, if the running sum depends on the density
returns a copy of the categorical table with the same values as this table.
returns a new configuration instance with a sub - configuration added with given prefix and key prefix.
returns a map of the service name to the localized display name for the service.
create a new intcolumn.
returns a string representation of this object.
executes potential work by the bitmap worker task.
add a bitmap to the queue for processing.
adds a listener for after - start events.
tries to fill the buffer with more bytes and then tries again to read the available bytes.
creates a new relationnotification object.
add new data row to data store.
returns true if the given host or domain is the same as the local host or domain is
computes entropy for a given set of data zs. the method assumes that entropy is
saves instances in a file filtered by filefilter.
calculates the new color to be used to draw the bar, based on the coordinate of
reads characters into a portion of an array.
adjusts the indentation of the currently current block based on the alignment of mycurrentblock.
generates code for the field, given the type of input, and the type of output
creates a new forward planner backed by the given dialogue system.
creates and adds a button to the specified container with the specified text and alignment.
returns true if the new value matches for the tag in the given attribute set, false otherwise
returns a string representation of the business object data key.
create talkio usage from json file.
find enclosing consumer method with grmethodcallexpression and grmethodcallexpression arg.
this method calls the iso image generation command such as ovfenv's genisoimage
create an event using the tenant event code, tenant name, warning, resource, approve
constructs a rational segment from the mxf data for the specified byte provider byte.
remove all notifications of this type.
unify the body and head atom via the given atomicparent atom's unifiers.
utility method to add uuid to an ssf node.
returns the offset of the given field in the target object.
appends the xml representation of this object to the specified stringbuilder.
called when this activity is disposed.
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array of
shuts down the server thread and the sessions.
check if the given string is a legal local id.
binds the given server socket to be used for all incoming connections.
checks if the current thread is interrupted while waiting for a node.
clears the string builder used to output the text in the template, so it appears to
writes carriers and their plans into an xml file.
removes a previously registered listener.
test that a manifest with an activity with a launcher intent reports an error.
add a name to a message if it is a name that is similar to another name.
writes the header to the file.
returns the vendor used to generate this build.
creates a new voice result with a match and confidence.
rehashes all comparables, in order, to maintain the order in which they are
add each of the names to the tree if it's not already in there.
add a listener to listen for drawer events.
starts an intent to edit the given note.
adds a new entry to this index starting at the specified input position and ending at the specified
action bar needs to be hidden.
formats a time delta with the specified time separator character.
deconvolves a real - valued sample [ ], p, using the given rate
replaces newlines in a string.
read this object from a stream ( that is, deserialize it ).
calculates the total of the values in one column of the supplied data table by iterating over
an analysis file must be opened with the existence of an analysis file.
method for beancontextmembershiplistener interface.
performs some processing on the given item.
removes the instances from the containers in the allocation.
draw a normal message ( one sender, one receiving ).
sends a kill consist command to kill the loco loco adr.
start listening on a key.
returns a set of all flags contained in the given bitmask.
verifies the given signature bytes.
adds a new match string to the list of matches.
returns a string representing the time ago with the given number of milliseconds since the epoch.
convert a hex string to a byte array.
updates the tracking status of a job and returns true if the job was removed from the list
returns the coefficient of the estimated variance.
a method that returns a string representation of the coefficient object. < p >.
instantiates a new skeleton version checker.
upgrades the attribute to the latest version from the latest stored version.
converts a canonical name to a dalvik name, i.
emits a method to ensure that there is a collection field with the given name.
this method is used to unregister the client from the cache controller.
replaces double quotes in the given resource and returns the new resource with the double quotes handling
allocate a new container with the given capacity and return the number of containers allocated.
check if uri represents local resource.
waits for the given obb file to be mounted, and returns the obb path
returns true if the resource is a zone level resource.
validates the given message data and throws an exception if it's not the expected type
closes all databases and reset data.
moves bytes to an md5 digest of the message using the sha - 256 algorithm.
runs metastore compare job, passing in input table list as a parameter or all table
deletes the sub people containers.
test of findrecentmessageuidsinmailbox method, of class hbasemessag
queue an event for execution.
adds a error message to the list of error messages.
increases or shrinks the cache's capacity to ensure that it can hold the
adds or replaces a key with the given value.
processes a " query " using a user constructed solrqueryrequest, and closes the given request
returns true if the two links have the same link stats as those of the other link.
returns a sanitized id that can be used to lookup the object's contents using the naming
removes a provider from the set of providers in the current model.
parses an xml element.
format a money object into a properly formatted string.
delete an instance of the entryclass, and remove it from entryclasses if this is called
read all the settings and return them as a properties object.
logs a warning level message.
read all the bytes of an inputstream and return them as a string.
allocates an array of preset size items and fills it with the items of preset.
remove the given plugin from the list of plugins to be notified of transaction status changes.
sort a given bc according to the'level'defined in level [ j ] '.
test if model classes are consistent.
called when the mapbean has been added to the beancontext, or when another object was
removes all the layers from the map.
returns the number of productions in the grammar.
create a zk full path with the given data and acl.
custom serialization method. < p > writes out the current stroke / texturemask.
compares by net amount and returns true if they are equal.
creates an instance of reflectiveattribute.
adds the event to the gui, if the event is supposed to be displayed, otherwise does
remove a listener to membership changes.
add an email to the given uri.
present a texture into our our buffer so we can draw the texture in the next frame.
clamp the calendar to the next day of the year.
binds the angular object to the localrepo or the remoteangularobjectregistry for the paragraph
removes from given list the elements whose indexes are in the given list.
creates a new object that can be used to show the database tree.
determine if the expression is an object.
interpolates a value from the current time and return, or zero if no interpolater is
tries to auto request any mods that haven't already been requested and won't be
returns true if given value is contained in this sequence.
renames a file. this changes the name of the file, and the name of the
helper function to exit with a non - zero exit code if the formatter got any error violations
remove a sensor from this sensor selection model.
print a line describing a way.
returns a string representation of this gf2polynomial.
return the full path from the root object to this one.
indicates if there is a new proxy added to the list to listen for updates.
return true if no object was clicked on the screen.
this operation is not supported because pictures must always return a valid hash code.
store a map of measurement names to regex patterns for which the matching measurement name matches.
extracts the zip file to the given directory.
sets the current configuration to the properties of the given file.
creates new form gotolinedialog.
forges and sends the teardown request.
parses more data after the last item in the image ( which must be a jpeg image
test with a simple ear instance : the url of the gemfire gemfire gemfire gem
returns the length of the buffer ( the number of bytes in this block ).
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
notify the wifi monitor that the wifi device state has changed.
return true if the key and its value are in the array, and false otherwise.
removes the given listener from the list of diagram change listeners.
gets the grid with the given integer key from the cache or creates a new grid with the
strip leading dollar ( $ ).
clears the system property to allow re - running java tests to run in the unit test
sets the probability length of the distribution to the given value. < p > is the probability
starts the chart, sets up the chart and opens the stage.
accept a data point and pass the data to this function.
subtracts the ranges from another set of namedranges.
creates and starts a tailer for the given file.
determine if the current operating system is mac os.
returns the number of values in the array.
creates a new dviewasn1dump dialog where the parent is a dialog.
trims whitespace on the left side of a string.
put a message back into the queue to be sent back by this thread.
called when the dialog is about to be disposed.
returns the signed distance from this point to p_point.
expands the given number string as a real number.
generates an " empty " array of " l " - length instances.
submit the new permission request.
test setting a project to a deployable with no properties.
creates a new instance of navilogger.
creates a new delete - xxx sub - command for a set relation.
removes all the cycles that have not been reached earlier in the graph.
returns a string representation of the given matrix.
find the ancestor for the given context that matches the given frommatchpattern and countmatchpattern
kill the process. this must be called if the process is running.
encodes the contents of the specified charbuffer using the current state of this coder.
create a metrics instance with the given dimension map.
resolve a class given by the class description. < p / >.
checks if the shape contains the given point.
inserts a byte array.
tells whether or not the column's alias should be used for anti - alias
this method will load the level file into the cache.
validates a zero - long file.
saves the list of elements to the data output stream.
get the index of the mask that will be applied on the given value, or the mask
this method increases the total duration to account for new ones.
parse frame's nitf header and return its length, or - 1 if there
take the current screenshot and return it as a bufferedimage.