returns the current depth.
compute the union size of two bitsets.
closes the ok button.
returns a string representation of the classifier.
union this sector with another sector.
returns true if the given value is equal to the given value.
int value of a positive bigdecimal.
recursively walk the given directory recursively.
returns an array containing the ordinal values of the tuples of the given field in the given tuple
divide ( bigdecimal a, bigdecimal b ).
this method is called when a dataset is changed.
schedules the given runtime as a library.
returns true if the type is a string type.
validates the given sql statement.
converts to primitive array.
returns true if logging is enabled, false otherwise.
use a missile from a player.
creates a new tcp matcher.
determine the maximum level rec for a given node.
request a confirmation for the pass code.
removes a worker from the list of workers and terminates it.
insertfunctionalitytest # testinsert4 ( ). inserts a row into the database.
put a map entry into the disk.
called when the end of an element is encountered.
log a message with the given arguments.
deletes all leaves with the given name.
returns a string representation of the receiver.
validates a character array.
removes the specified shutdown hook.
returns true if the current stack scroll should be scrolled.
wait for volumes to be visible.
start additional services.
updates the indicator view state.
draws the image to the specified graphics context.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection with the specified event name
returns true if the name is prefixed.
release any connection from the database.
adds a collection of actions to the quickaction view.
adds a renderer to the list of renderers at the given index.
copies the contents of the given input stream to the given output stream.
calculates the angle between the given value and the axis.
returns the specified byte array.
creates a new instance.
returns a new charseq containing the concatenation of this charseq and another.
this method is called by the http get method.
notify that a state change has occurred.
test of getorder method, of class ecps.
format and log a throwable.
constructs the redis key for a given pinlater queue.
decodes the given string using the given charset.
adds a domain name to the list of domains that should be restricted.
creates a new stoppablereadlock.
test if isautoincrement fails.
copies the contents of the given byte array to the given output stream.
returns true if the list is empty.
renders the frame of a gif file.
returns true if the given string is a valid nc name.
adds a message to the field.
prepares the data set.
builds the service registrar array.
validates a string for validity.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
removes all recurrence rules from this recurrence info.
add nodes in document order.
returns true if we need to refetch data.
creates a new document type.
returns the contents of this object as a byte array.
returns the enum corresponding to the given style name and class.
get the next avc for a given stream.
creates export mask map from placed masks.
inserts the specified object at the specified position in this array.
writes a scale image to the page.
adds a document to the cache.
updates the progress of the host with the given label.
copies the contents of the given input stream to the given output stream.
fade audio to a file.
this method is called when the graphics context is being drawn.
loads properties from a class.
add zero to zero.
fix the gps data from exif schema.
returns true if the given cell consumes the given event type.
reads a single byte from the input stream.
creates the y axis.
returns the maximum value.
prints a file to the peer.
extend this rule with another rule.
expect a pattern to be parsed.
test of gettabletypes method, of class testdata.
updates the cache for the given file.
removes a swipe listener.
returns the descriptor for the given field signature.
adds the given parameters to the request body.
returns the annotation class.
returns true if the resource supports ar.
creates an electronic text method.
creates a new patternguardexpr with the given parameters.
returns the number of lines intersecting two lines.
returns a new set with the same contents as the given set, or null if the given set
returns the unix timestamp in milliseconds.
returns true if the summary is a pdf.
draws the grid background.
opens a zipstreamimpl for the given path.
unpacks the compressed character translation table.
called when the tmp files are copied.
get the common submitter queue.
returns true if the given attribute is a public and protected field.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_up, result is positive ; distance = - 1
converts the codes in a string to lower case.
loads the data from the given input stream.
calculates the selector radius.
determines the width of this view.
test putbytearray ( ) method testing.
called when a user has been added to the database.
parses a local number.
convert a list of path values to pixel.
decodes a string into a byte array.
throws an exception if the expression is not true.
slides the view to the top of the list.
creates a new mutablebiginteger from the given mutablebiginteger.
handle a sso binding error.
constructs a checkpointmanager from an input stream.
creates a new index segment index.
returns a string describing the liveness.
inserts a parameter value into the map.
returns the minimum dimensions for this layout, based on the specified target container.
selects the item at the given position.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
adds ignorable whitespace to the current node.
waits for the given editor to be active.
returns the largest solution in the population with the given objective.
convert latm to y.
registers a callback to be invoked when the notification is received.
parses a property list from an input stream.
computes the current score function.
instantiates a new grammaticalityestimator.
check if the zone link is valid.
check that all values in the array are valid.
processes a connection event.
returns the percentage of the values in the given range.
closes the given closeable without throwing an exception.
release the lucee page context.
adds a new event listener.
determines whether the journal should be rebuilt or not.
converts a string to a byte array.
loads properties from a classpath resource.
compares two graphs for equality.
parses a name - value pair.
called when the user presses the pull event.
returns the mappingobject at the given location.
parses a velocity context file.
computes the difference between two texts.
creates a new repository.
count the number of tokens in the string.
adds a codeindexdocument to the queue.
resets all common components.
handle an error in the shell.
this method is used to convert the object value given to an appropriate representation.
paints the foreground of the arrow.
log a log message and exception.
cast a negative bigdecimal to biginteger.
called when the accuracy of the accelerometer has changed.
returns true if this command allows trailing arguments.
setmaxcrl ( biginteger maxcrl ) method testing.
evaluates the popup menu.
removes a task from the queue.
divide : rounding mode is half - up.
ensures that the given path exists.
loads the class with the given name.
determines the width of this view.
checks if a list child is clipped.
creates a new rules object.
writes a byte array to a file.
adds an item to the end of the list.
check if there are any custom custom messages in the queue.
determine the number of consecutive digits in the given message.
parses and adds a new node.
calculates the height of the scramble image.
test of writevalueasstring method, of class test_numericscalars.
close callbacks except for cache loader and eviction controller.
returns the index of the specified element in the specified array, or - 1 if the element is
populates the profiles combo box.
check the header of a file.
returns the absolute value of the left edge.
maps an algname to an oid.
constructs a generator given an array of string arguments.
refills the input buffer.
called when a mouse button has been pressed or released.
adds a module to the list of modules.
returns true if the database has all the tables.
classifies the given set of features.
called when a view holder is bound to a header.
update the line list.
draws a rectangle on the screen.
refreshes the loading views size.
replaces the split element at the given index with the given split element.
start the item list.
returns the number of initial splits for the given number of records.
called when a mouse button has been clicked.
scans the given source directory for files that are included in the given set of source includes and
returns true if the next route is postponed.
returns true if there is a single element.
creates a new igfspath for the given uri.
returns the integer value of the given element.
fully reads the contents of the given reader into a string.
adds the getters for the given property.
marks the entry as used.
this method is used to execute the command.
handle state left.
registers a implementing class for the given algorithm uri.
instantiates a new keyvalue persistence settings object.
returns true if the input contains a word breaking character.
check the interior intersections of segments.
removes the specified element from this vector.
returns a new unary operator that is composed of the two given unary operators.
adds the cdc column specs.
convert a string to a java field name.
generates a random key.
throws an exception if the given boolean is not true.
executes a set of sql statements.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
refreshes the done button.
creates the migration task editor.
expands the buffer at the given index.
converts an ip address to an integer.
closes the given cursor.
checks if there is a next occurrence of the given pattern.
pushes an integer onto the stack.
creates an xml node with the given name, attributes, and content.
adds an item at the specified position in the list.
notify the listener that a mqtt failure has occurred.
transforms a source stream to a stylesheet.
splits the input string using the default delimiter and escape character.
reads all available data from the reader and submits them to the executor.
deletes an obligation from the state store.
clips the view on the right.
creates a compound package content.
checks the coverage of the subspace.
finds the values in the given string.
returns the index of the given element in the given array.
appends the specified value to the end of the list of values.
tests this certificate for equality with an arbitrary object.
appending the between clause.
encodes a string into a byte array.
computes the number of occurrences of values in a geotimeserie.
computes the weights of the given node.
creates a new index searcher.
adds a field to the query.
combines two completion stages using the given function.
builds the create schema statement.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
creates a new instance of streaminfomanager.
returns a conjunction of this sentence as a sentence.
returns true if this type is a pronoun.
output the sql type for a java short.
tokenizes the given string using the given separator.
write the modified favorites to the data stream.
updates the rolling average.
validates the payment product and returns the error message ids.
creates a new instance of keystorestate.
creates a new cryptoresult object.
called when the state of the slider has changed.
parses a delimited list.
initializes the grid layout.
returns true if the frame is running.
creates a new mosaic definition.
creates a result from a node and a relation node.
trust all https certificates.
returns true if the given ui component is in need of form.
adds the internal listeners.
safe version of math. sqrt ( x ).
runs a set of callables in multithreaded mode.
appends the specified character to the end of the buffer.
initialize the owner references for a field.
builds the union sub query.
creates a new node with the given coordinate.
increments the counter by the given accuracy.
reverts the given files to the given root.
concatenates the given float arrays into one float array.
creates a taggedvalueiterator for the given line.
ascends the root of the tree.
returns true if the stream can be read.
writes the contents of the byte array to the underlying output stream.
called when an item is dismissed.
returns the probability density function of the normal distribution.
sorts the specified array of objects according to the specified comparator.
add a zoom listener.
clears all registers in the given range.
fire a workflow annotation selected event.
verify the server evidence message.
this method is called by the rtfwriter when a text is encountered.
remove a service from the list of registered services.
returns a reference to the given attribute.
creates a new escaped writer.
returns true if the cookie expires with the given date.
adds a record to the album.
returns true if the given method is a correct method.
remainder of remainder of a negative number.
clears the properties of this builder.
r - distance between two vec3s.
check the backup info file.
converts a string to lower case.
create a negative number from a sign and an array of bytes.
builds the opus comment.
asserts that the properties of the given event bean are valid.
returns the number of elements in this list.
converts a string to upper case.
returns an iterator over the required edges.
unlocks the given lock state.
formats the given text into a java doc box.
force number string to two digits.
adds a new drop item.
find entities by primary keys.
load workflow data from workflow data.
returns the hash code value for this certificate.
removes the given tag from the list of tags.
verifies the secp256k1 secp256k1 ecdsa signature.
deletes a directory and all its contents.
assert that two objects are in the same order.
formatting the finished percentage.
generates a hostname for a vm.
transfer from a file.
unwraps the given expression.
returns true if the pie segment list contains the given dataset size.
draw the next event time diff.
creates the lines from the given text.
returns the square root of the argument.
computes the number of transitions between two points.
converts a long value to a bit string.
encodes the given bytes using the given bitseturlsafe.
creates a new message tokenizer.
waits for the candidate to compete with the given id.
loads the translations from the cache if it is empty.
creates a new navmousemode.
adds a new event to the sorted set.
stops the timer with the given name.
returns a string representation of the summary.
creates a temporary directory with the given path.
add a horizontal span to the plot elements.
selects items from the list of items that are connected to the whole connection.
creates a new instance of a keybuilder.
returns the list of possible parents of the given node.
configures the properties from the given properties file.
opens a new connection to the database.
adds relations to a task.
flood the bddp for the given pinswitch.
sleeps the specified number of milliseconds.
verify that the write set is not found.
calculates the entropy of the given masses.
check if the given string is a valid nmtoken.
parses a double value.
appends a string to the buffer.
adds a rtcp event listener.
ensures that the specified number of columns are valid.
called when an error occurs.
connects to the given file descriptor.
returns true if the given node is a whitespace node.
creates a new instance.
opens the label file.
removes a spring from the list of active springs.
returns the file name for this logger.
parses a n - triples string into a b using the given valuefactory.
resets the pilot rolls list.
sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order.
closes the opened popup.
frees an object from the cache.
helper method to stretch a view vertically.
converts a hex string representation of an inet address to an inet6 address.
track the failure time.
reads a double from the input stream.
returns true if the given adjustable bar is at the maximum.
returns true if seq starts with pos.
parses and adds a map tile set.
computes a date from a double value.
enable or disable the pan for the given adapter.
computes the distance between two points.
constructs a new url.
creates the workflow method for creating volumes.
creates a new file command info.
initialize the guiwidget with the given guiautonomial.
trusts all hosts in the given url connection.
sample the maximum active count.
gets the user code form.
test the construction of a mission.
compares two zoneoffsettransition objects for equality.
this method is called when the thread is no longer running.
closes all receivers.
resolves a list of paths to a list of classpaths.
getinstance ( string value, string value ) method testing.
reloads the configuration.
removes the given messageprocessor from the list of message processors.
constructs a new x509issuerserial from the given x509certificate.
adds the given file to the set.
put a byte array into the buffer.
converts an array of objects to a delimited string.
removes all of the mappings from this map.
parses the given attribute string into a compierecolor object.
create a new luastate object.
check the preamble size.
reads a single character from the underlying input stream.
limits the clip to the maximum of the specified rectangle.
shuts down the task pool.
converts a collection of addresses to an array of inet addresses.
removes new line characters from a string.
calculates the total number of feeds and categories.
appends the given character to the given string builder.
migrates the columns from the current table to the current table.
retrieves the number of rows in a table.
creates a new jarmodifier from the given jar file.
adds an attribute to the table.
associate the specified value with the specified key.
sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order.
is this a server transaction?.
adds a marked occurrence highlight to the text area.
fully reads bytes from the given input stream.
assume that the given assumption is true.
adds a new item to the shopping cart.
adds a frequent item set.
skips the given length from the peek buffer.
creates the workflow method to remove volumes from a vplex cg.
show a prompt for a list of urls.
convert a mouse event to a corner.
computes a regular expression from the original string and replaces the old name with the new name
generates a unique call identifier.
parses an hour number from a string.
this method is called when the user selects a history.
substitutes the given array of referencetypes with the given substitution.
returns a collection of all known transports.
returns the seconds until lockout state.
gets the names of the hive databases.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
hacky adjuster for doubles.
decodes a string into an object.
copies the properties from the searchdocument to the new searchdocument.
creates a new svd matrix with the given parameters.
unlocks the version generation for this member.
creates a new instance of unicastref.
returns the index of the last occurrence of the specified element in the specified array, or - 1
writes the audio data to the file.
modulo two numbers.
max ( biginteger val ).
blocks the thread. if tf is true, waits for all threads to finish.
move a mouse event to the ogp.
writes floats from the specified float array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position
returns true if ip is contained in cidrprefix, cidrprefix, cidrmaskbits, and ip
returns true if the given object is locked by the given name.
checks if the known cookie is set.
selects the files to import.
creates a new instance.
fully reads the contents of the given inputstream into a byte array.
parses a sql statement.
stores the long value at the given offset.
called when an action result is received.
generates a salt for the given number of rounds.
checks if the given key is equal to the current key.
convert a number to a string.
run the init script if it is required.
parses an integer value from the given string.
prints an object to standard output and then terminates the line.
checks that the array is finite.
initializes the keyboard buttons.
returns true if the property is auto - new.
finds the relative path of the given file or directory.
resets the singleton state.
andnot for two negative numbers ; the first is longer.
generates a random string of the specified number of characters.
instantiates a new exchange rate manager.
removes an attribute from this field.
evicts the specified key from the cache directory.
returns true if the exception is a unique contraint error.
creates a new configuration error.
adds the fill components to the panel.
inserts the context prefixes in the xml.
adds the specified duration to the put time accumulator.
precomputes the hash functions of the given byte array with the given tweak.
returns the elevation at the given latitude and longitude.
creates a new instance of observedobject.
deletes all children of the given container.
saves the initial child state for the given component.
returns true if this item overlaps with another item.
ensures that the given value is not null.
reads an arraylist from an inputstream.
pads the given string to the right.
returns an enumeration of the additional measures.
called when a task has been completed.
adds a button to the preferences dialog.
clears the cache and removes all entries from the cache.
create a gridfield object from a list of properties.
constructs a shortinterleaver with the given samplemodel and databuffer.
copy the data file to the carbon store.
returns true iffling is backward, false otherwise.
converts a string to a double.
adds a listener to the list of listeners.
returns true if the feature is stable.
calculates the size of the demo text.
override this method to perform the default validation.
returns a string representation of this buffer.
writes an image to the link.
called when the slider has changed its state.
writes a string to a file.
returns true if the given url is a file.
updates the current status of the relay.
cast a string to an array of ints.
returns a set of servers that belong to the given site.
creates a generic object editor dialog.
returns true if the styled layer descriptor contains in line features.
decode the contents of the given input stream into a byte array.
run the finalization.
display all string defined in xml.
checks if the http servlet request is valid.
adds a foreign key constraint.
called when the dialog is created.
pushes a notification to the gateway.
appends a json key / value pair to a stringbuilder.
updates the configuration from the system resource.
deselects the item at the given index.
returns true if the given node is a leaf.
adds a listener to be notified when the service is discovered.
compares the specified object with this object.
parses a string into a double array.
calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the specified stream.
creates a new session wrapper.
post a batch request with a single request.
returns the directory of the program.
clears the route sensors.
returns the keystoretype corresponding to the given string.
returns the next mapper at the given level.
converts a character to a digit.
returns a json representation of this pod.
load a key store from a file.
removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list.
returns true if precaching is enabled.
sets this bitset to be & lt ; & gt ; equal to & lt ; other &
tests this entry for equality with an arbitrary object.
returns true if the lockdown profile is valid.
returns true if the file extension is one of the given extensions.
creates a new from clause.
decode an ansi x12 segment.
creates a kdbdatabase from an input stream.
decodes a insert operation.
sorts the receiver in ascending numerical order.
rebuilds the panel.
processes a byte array.
returns a string representation of the given file.
move to the next page.
returns a null input stream.
returns an unmodifiable list of the types in this list.
delete a list of rules.
returns true if the given element has been visited.
creates a new instance of awsiotconnection.
creates a future that will be completed when the given throwable is complete.
initializes the forecast errors.
checks if the mouse event has the given modifiers.
emits the list of retained variables.
constructs a new uri from the given parameters.
returns the best structured translation for the given hypergraph at the given top n.
reads a single character from this input stream.
returns true if the given blocksnapshot uri is a full copy supported storage system.
returns an iterable of all the service descriptors.
removes code value sentences from a string.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_even, result is negative ; distance = - 1
quantile function of the distribution.
validates the certificate, signed data and signature.
returns the number of elements in the sequence.
tests adding a servlet run as role.
subtract two negative numbers of the same length.
constructs a multitermquery with the specified field.
prints the given message to the console.
accumulates all descendants of the given entity.
test for invalid xml.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns true if the two members are an accessor pair.
create a dateformat for utc.
write a linked kml to a file.
returns the destination file path.
refresh users or groups from server.
creates a new instance of bootpanel.
returns a list of default headers.
removes all parsys elements from the current scope.
send a request to the server.
registers a new client.
parses the given inputstream using the given base uri.
parses the given date value using the given date formats.
removes the value with the given name from this json object.
finds all loops that match the given predicate.
generate hive test files.
renames the given editor panel.
returns true if the given column fits as a single line.
this method is called before the current thread is started.
convert a spherical vector to world coordinates.
replaces all occurrences of the specified character sequence with the specified replacement.
encodes the given url string.
draws the given renderedimage using the current graphics context.
skips to the end of the line.
returns the ind test subset.
announces seeds from the given file.
formats a number of milliseconds to a string.
adds a propertychangelistener to the listener list.
creates a new folder with the given containing directory.
adds a typed array.
adds a sub - action to the queue.
fills the entry tree with entries from the given row.
returns true if the given collection contains at least one of the given ids.
asserts that the duration is in the range [ minimum, maximum ].
log a diff message.
creates a new image with the given image.
creates a new resource with the given mimetype.
creates a new instance of this class.
convert mel freq to lin freq.
creates a new roundedicongenerator.
returns a random byte array of the given size.
returns a string representation of the interval.
writes a portion of an array of bytes.
returns true if the dflt has expired.
adds a boolean value to the json object.
writes an attribute to the stream.
handles the selection of an item.
returns true if the given asset can be invoked, false otherwise.
writes the cache header to the given outputstream.
returns the contents of this request as a byte array.
fades out all layers.
this method is used to determine if the first fit is descending.
adds a text change listener.
returns an iterator over the profiles.
returns true if the string starts with a space.
wrap the given path with the uri prefix.
converts a key to a level.
called when a mouse button is pressed on a component.
initialize the dynamic caching http headers filter.
adds the given component to the list of common components.
waits for fulfillment to complete.
loads the table data from the given general subtrees.
reads a single character from this input stream.
returns true if ping is disabled.
writes a string to a file.
make a tree of writables.
calculates the angle between two points.
creates a new inmemorycursor with the given column names.
returns true if the slider is enabled.
renders the foreground of the drag.
creates a new instance of modbustransaction.
starts the thread that is running.
export an object to the stub.
creates the dbffdc directory.
reads a character sized string from the given input stream.
processes the children of the query tree.
initialize the messages for the day.
creates a new persistedqueue.
writes the given objects to the given stringbuilder.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection, the object will accept
creates a request to post an open graph action.
show the loading state.
this method is called when the object has been deserialized from the stream, and when this object is
computes the median value of a vector.
creates a new sdpexception with the specified root cause.
link the first node to the queue.
notify listeners about a property change.
indicates whether the given template is dirty read.
creates a new slider with the specified title, min, max and value.
apply the graphic attributes to the symbol.
increments the idle count for the given status.
creates a new remote service descriptor.
reads a journal from the given file descriptor.
starts the server and wait for it to finish.
returns true if the request is complete.
encodes the contents of the image into a byte matrix.
writes ints from the specified int array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position
adds a header to the request.
updates the ui. this is called when the user presses the button.
generate the extension manager.
submits a task to the pool.
throws an exception if the bucket name is invalid.
validates the user namespace authorization create request.
formats the given object to a string.
calculates the derived values of the statistics.
returns true if the consistency group can be deleted.
closes the given closeable without throwing an exception.
returns the next message from the queue, or null if none.
removes a range of elements from the receiver.
refills the input buffer.
stop the bookie server.
adds an or clause to the query.
releases the selections for the given set of entities.
creates a new hublinkmapping object.
delete a load from the load list.
validates the compute name.
constructs a string from an array tag.
removes the argument at the given index from the given list and returns the insertion index.
replaces a policy in the resource tree.
creates a new atomicdoublearray of the specified length.
performs a copy action on the given file.
recomputes the seperation.
make a square image.
handle a lost entry.
write an xml start element.
adds a process interaction listener.
replaces the first occurrence of the search string with the replace string.
stores the specified byte at the specified position in this map.
creates a new instance of commonvoteoperationconfiguration.
generates a salt for the given number of rounds.
draws the description of the view.
parses a number of bytes from a free space.
returns the interlanguage link for the given language.
updates the actions for the address space.
constructs a parallel flux from a publisher.
cleans a directory and all its contents.
adds a new gumball to the game.
put a segment into the recycle bin.
deletefk ( ) method testing.
creates a channel with the given topic and payload.
change the size of this float to p_new_size.
inserts the given row into the given source buffer.
adds the default uri to the list of uri encoded in the deploy directory.
transfer a sequence from the reader to the reader.
calculates the distance between two points.
returns a copy of this biginteger.
runs the test case.
returns the id of the fix ids.
this method is used to convert the byte array to an appropriate representation.
checks if is jellybean or later.
constructs a partial correlation pdf.
returns true if operating system is enabled.
validates the output and key files.
adds a response code listener.
calculates the log likelihood of each statistic in the dataset.
returns true if the automaton has dead states from the initial state.
subtracts the specified decimal from this decimal.
returns true if the given object is equal to this knowledge edge.
skips a line from the input stream.
list the volumes in the docker container.
converts a base64 encoded string to a bytebuffer.
step the progress bar.
loads the raw characters from the input stream.
constructs a signature faking oracle from a document string.
creates a new arbitrary length path node.
add a listener to be notified when wheel changes.
scans a yaml directive number.
convert an array of integers to a bit string.
convert the samples from a buffer to a signed 16 - bit samples.
checks the validity of a token.
writes an attribute to the stream.
expands all paths in the tree.
describe the vocabularies of the predicates.
invokeany ( null l ) throws nullpointerexception.
constructs a new signalgroupsubtableaction.
generate a list of x - values.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
adds a service entry to the service by attribute.
creates a new decoder that decodes the given uri.
convert an rgb color to a cmyk color.
shows an error message.
parses a name - value pair.
removes all the characters in a string in a bag.
returns the cosine of the specified radians.
called when the fragment is destroyed.
removes a vetoable change listener.
returns true if the file exists, false otherwise.
constructs a windowsfileattributes from the given address.
write a map to an xmlserializer.
fire a programmatically event to the rippler pane.
returns true if the query has a full entry.
returns true if the given resource is a module.
write an annotation to the stream.
converts an inet4address to an unsigned long.
returns true if the revision contains the given template name.
retrieves all account info requests for a given date.
returns a new stringlist containing all of the elements of this stringlist plus the elements of the
walk the parse tree.
reads a single character from the input stream.
compares two dates using the specified field.
splits a word into a list of splits.
returns true if the url is a book search.
returns the path to a class file.
removes a title prefix.
send a set of recipients.
returns true if the given attributes are relevant for the given service.
checks if two objects are equal.
returns the index of the car with the given road number.
convert a class name to a slashed class name.
p ( y, r [ ] ) - p ( x, y, r [ ] )
creates a new location with the given name.
closes the connection.
removes an oma download from the list of pending oma downloads.
checks if is android sdk dir in local properties file.
returns true if the given bundle contains the token information.
resets the policy to default values.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection, the object will accept
returns a new vector2 with the x, y, and the specified power.
invokes a static method on a class.
undump the given chunk.
adds an image button.
maps a request to a list of responses.
commits the assignment to the input.
splits a string into an array of strings with the given separator.
inserts the given instruction into this gcir.
returns a new instance of the object.
constructs a new format specifier parser.
convert an iterator to a string.
returns true if the notification is full.
schedules a save of the playlist.
returns true if the variable is to read.
this method is called when an action occurs.
returns a string representation of this vector.
deprecated version of integer.
log a message with printf formatting.
saves the indexes to the file.
calculates the score for a match bitap pattern.
move the current position to the given delta y.
adds all of the mappings in the specified map to this map.
inserts a string into the undoable.
returns a string representation of the object.
writes the data to the stream.
copies the contents of the given reader to the given writer and closes the output.
check bookies up.
transforms the source vector to the destination vector.
checks if the given closure throws a groovyexception and returns the result.
write a packet to the socket.
process a yesno element.
load a list of keynames from the database.
searches for wos with the given criteria.
constructs a new instance.
creates a new resource queue with the given lock service and resource.
encodes the subject and signs it with the given signature.
schedules a periodic task.
abbreviates the given string with the given width.
stops the wraparound test.
checks that the given row index is valid.
nukes all symbols.
determine the strength of a blitz.
creates a new name from the given identifier.
parses the given date string into a localdatetime.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns true if the character is a white space character.
removes a filter from the list of filters.
removes the classifiers at the given indices.
add a propertychangelistener to the listener list.
returns the number of checkpoints.
adds an element to the list.
adds a list of urls to the list of urls.
adds a set of virtual arrays to the set of virtual arrays assigned.
returns true if the cell is editable.
drops the current block in trash.
concatenates the given array of values into a list.
constructs an iterator over the given graph.
validate custom catalog title and value.
creates a new gemfire executor.
returns true if the body is a ssdp body.
adds a child to the list.
restores the sorting selection.
returns a copy of the buffer as a byte array.
cleans up all resources.
consumes the specified number of events.
update the ui from the command.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
returns a random number between the given mean and sd.
computes the percent of overscroll.
constructs a new vector with the specified capacity.
process an invite request.
returns the logger for the given object.
read the receive delay field.
writes indent times.
returns a hash code value for this object.
parses a string into an integer.
returns true if the node is an invalid method declaration.
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack.
called when the user clicks on a motion event.
removes a batch clusterer listener.
refresh the locks grant.
removes the given object from the list of known objects.
wrap a byte array in a heapbytesstore.
parses the given jsonvalue into a string.
valueof ( long val ) : convert a negative long value to biginteger.
inserts the specified element before the specified position into this list.
grows the entries in the internal array.
constructs a sided plane from two vectors.
returns true if the inputstream is a gzipped stream.
inserts a new op at the given position and length.
clears the internal state of this object.
registers a decayable object.
asserts that the output contains the expected string.
removes the specified class from the list of packages.
java. lang. atomic. CompletionStage # failedstage ( ) java. lang. atomicreference
override paintcomponent ( ) to do the painting.
destroys a dynamic class loader.
delete an attachmentpoint from the datapath.
returns the total number of files that have been recovered.
process an animation game item.
deletes an assignment from the index database.
formats the given object using the given stringbuffer.
compare and set wait status.
create a threaddump pro.
check if the audio stream can be started.
returns true if the input matches the filter.
unlinks the first element from the list.
initializes the document builder factory.
returns the standard error of the intercept.
creates the missing values.
normalises the given path by removing the leading and trailing spaces.
start the launch notifier thread.
expands the hidden directory name to the hidden directory name.
tries to queue the current buffer.
updates the current value with the given value.
returns true if there is more data to read.
appends the parameter signature to the given string builder.
completes the heartbeat process.
decrypt a byte array.
loads the private key from the file.
removes a listener for snapshot categories.
returns true if there is an unsupported critical extension.
checks if the given string is not in the given array.
clones the given node and returns a copy of it.
destroys the secp256k1 context.
initialize the authn login attemts.
builds a list of urls for a given shard.
returns an input stream reader for the given charset.
convert a rendered image to a zlib color array.
adds a vertex to the graph.
configure the local services.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified character sequence in the specified character sequence.
appends a string to the end of the string.
push an expression onto the stack.
returns a string representation of this object.
creates a new meta data column descriptor.
filter the years from the current date.
creates a new dataproviderevent with the given reason and types.
validates the given bean using the validator.
inserts the given command after the bracket.
attempts to format the national number to accrued digits.
fills the picks.
creates a copy of the field.
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero bytes.
cast an attribute value to a type.
force delete of a file if it is a directory.
initializes the step data.
prints an annotation to the editor.
adds a point to the list.
loads the configuration from the given reader.
adds an offsetted item to the list.
add an annotation to an xml element.
reads a boolean from the input stream.
returns an enumeration of the additional measures.
returns the ln - gamma distribution.
sets the start time of the ticker.
get a ciphersuite from two ids.
creates a pending action context.
shows the droidsafe text markers for the given editor.
resolves a new expression.
returns a new list with the largest size in the given list of sizes.
verifies a log record with the given mac.
copies the contents of the given transferable to the clipboard.
formats the download size and file size into a percentage string.
updates the enabled state of the actions.
returns an immutable collection of the given mutable collection.
tracks the base and orthographic images for the given hex.
parses a text string into a date object.
returns true if the node has been processed.
power on self test.
fetch the edges of the given edge from the given stack.
generates a list of crls from an input stream.
deletes the entity configuration for the realm.
returns the singleton instance of the datasourceviewsmanager.
returns a string representation of a tag.
loads the xml definition from the cache.
gets the id from the request path.
uncompresses the compressed data.
poll the list of monitored sockets.
closes this reader and releases any system resources associated with this reader.
compares the remaining bytes of this buffer to the other buffer's remaining bytes.
creates a new csv file for the matsim4opus dataset.
adds a new value to the aggregation.
extracts the policy notification from an xml string.
flushes this journal to the underlying stream.
find parcel from byte array.
decodes a xml field name.
returns true if the username and password are set.
adds a content item to the list of items.
canonicalizes a class name.
pauses for the given number of milliseconds.
returns true if the highlight is highlighted with an invisible edge.
prepares the job for cancelling.
removes a wheel change listener.
generates the fields for the class.
returns true if the dialog is flying.
initializes the client socket channel factory.
removes the given regular expression from the source string.
consumes a nested scroll.
retrieves the waypoints from the database.
cancels pending requests and cancels pending requests.
returns the number of elements in this queue.
adds a new value to the list.
closes the dialog.
create a file attachment for a channel file.
adds a parameter to this node.
constructs a deleteevent from the given json object.
checks if the full copy is restorable.
reads a qd string from the input stream.
returns true if the buffer is too large.
resets the index buffer time.
creates a response object for the distribution manager.
checks if the given file is in the external storage.
returns the plural form of the given noun.
verifies that the specified xml element has the specified certificate alias.
adds a video to the list.
returns true if the given coordinate is in the target zone of a horizontal bar handle.
reads the transport systems from the given reader.
returns true if the given byte array contains a prefix.
unshares the main hash.
adds an item in a multifield.
returns the number of names in the list.
returns a random set of n d points.
parses the parameters from the given string.
adds a new http session token to the site.
deserializes a gradle distribution from a string.
convert meters to pixels.
send bytes to the data socket.
push a context onto the stack.
displays the bookmarks or history picker.
instantiates a new fst file.
normalizes the zscore of a vector.
adds a location to the list of locations.
creates a new javaformatter.
encodes the given string using the given charset.
check if the path needs to be read.
returns true if the input column name is allowed.
converts a hex string to an rgb color.
add a propertychangelistener to the listener list.
test that an empty or null blob is inserted.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
subtract zero from zero.
restores the locations from the given file.
wait for data to be loaded.
blackman harris 4s min.
calculates the md5 digest for the given key.
returns a hash code value for this lower nick.
increments the number of packets received.
parses the given text into a sentence.
sets the directory to be used to store the cluster data in.
called when the consumer has finished processing the iab.
check prosodic position of rule part.
parses a bigdecimal string into a bigdecimal object.
registers the given operators in the given xml file.
perform permissions work before android m.
deletes all sub - group containers.
creates a new glowtask.
initialize the compiler with the given arguments.
returns true if the device is open.
send the next telegram.
encodes a serializable object into a base64 string.
creates an image for the given context.
adds the specified profiles to the list of profiles.
returns true if the given string is a valid java identifier name.
returns true if x1 is less than x2.
move a single node.
create a list from two objects.
adds a macro record.
adds an email to the list of emails.
returns the best hash provider for the given hash parameters.
read a number of bytes from the input stream.
returns true if x is the sum of the elements of an array.
loads the entries from the file.
removes a transaction from the adapter at the specified position.
encodes a list of types into a map.
clears the assertion information.
adds operation result to operation list.
generate a branch plan for the given table.
add a port to the maintenance queue.
returns the start of the stack.
returns true if this mimetype matches the given mimetype.
returns true if this group is armed, false otherwise.
set the minimum and maximum values for this test suite.
returns true if java script is enabled.
compares this instance with the specified object for equality.
returns the name of the object.
calculates the md5 checksum of the given string.
returns true if the specified file is a valid skin spec file.
inserts the string representation of the object into this builder.
handle a mousemoved event.
load the unpacked umd file.
disables vma storage operations for a given storage system.
constructs a latlon representing the end of a rhumb path.
returns the index within the specified array of the first occurrence of the specified element in the specified array
returns the maximum size of the layout for the given target container.
reads the contents of an inputstream into a string.
increments the counter by the given number.
log the expiration of the entry.
removes the specified ripple from the list of ripples.
writes the given string to the given bytebuffer.
consume records by topic.
compares this size with another.
compares two version strings.
checks if the given vector is a valid vector.
returns true if this type is an obsessional type.
change the loco speed of a throttle.
removes the specified object from this list.
notify all class observers of the given class descriptor.
generates a dup2 instruction.
check if mime type is app xml.
creates a native page for a candidate tab.
throws an exception if the locator is not null.
creates a new instance of customeditor.
constructs a memoidone with the given function and equality.
creates an eptype from a single value type.
converts a field type name to a class.
adds an xml element to the end of the list.
find the parents of a content assoc type.
creates a dictionary from affix file.
collapses all buildings in the given building.
this method is invoked by the rpcservice to detach an iso from a vm.
reads an nfc error message from the given reply.
shows the pie menu.
persists the profile and notifys the change.
adds an undoable action to the undo stack.
creates a new array list.
adds the given sample to the list of ping times.
encodes the body of the request body.
closes the underlying data store and sds.
returns a substring of the given subject, starting at the given offset.
removes a custom sash form listener.
writes a string to a file.
deletes a set of variable names from a session.
returns a string representation of this date.
closes the queue and releases any system resources associated with it.
parses a string as an integer.
write all column values in the result set.
and for two positive numbers ; the first is negative.
verify that the given device is valid.
adds a new window to the rules.
returns the intersections of the given iterator.
returns true if ttf is set.
registers the providers for the current device.
constructs a new, empty map with the specified initial capacity and the specified load factor.
creates a new instance.
populates a stream blob.
converts a double value to a long value using bit - anti - cyclic encoding.
adds a near key.
analyzes the fields of a class.
returns true if the log level is enabled, false otherwise.
load all elements from the debugger.
runs the test case.
returns true if this node is critical.
finds the edit table name from the given table name.
writes the car file to the default location.
returns true if there are new followers in the list.
called when a trackpoint element starts.
this method is called when a bound property is changed.
checks the given string for validity and returns the index of the given string.
sorts the fields in the given array in ascending numerical order.
draws the background of the view.
adds a unique attribute to the attribute map.
this method validates a deletevmresponse object, raising an exception if the response reflects an operation
runs the test case.
limit the maximum width and height of the given matrix to the maximum width and height.
get the value factory.
creates a new statefulrefreshtoken object.
adds a style to the list of styles.
extracts the client name from the client id and host name.
creates a fastfuture from a completablefuture.
returns true if the given action is a place action.
adds a view to the cache.
reads the contents of an input stream into a byte array.
play the media file.
converts a panbox string to a string using the standard character set.
encodes the cache flags.
adds a new data source to the end of the list.
adds a value to this weight.
builds the row of a check box.
formats the given date and parses it.
returns true if the given group is a child group.
throws an exception if the itemindex is out of bounds.
creates a locusinfo for the next uncovered locus.
called when the global configuration has changed.
launch an intent to send an email to an activity.
returns the number of elements in this list.
inserts the specified item at the specified position in the list.
adds a translator to the class pool.
writes a string to the output stream.
reads the next line from the scanner.
returns true if the text matches the given regular expression.
writes this gridtable to a file.
adds a fixed view to the adapter.
adds a close hook.
called when a task is rejected.
updates the minimum and maximum values for the given range.
checks if the given character sequence is a standard upcean.
reads the configuration from the given file.
applies the trading bonus to the given player.
returns all the text at the given url.
creates a combined trace from a list of traces.
interrupts all known actor tasks.
registers the default device types.
remove the dependency subsets from the dependency map.
draws a line of ticks.
returns a bifunction that always inserts the first element of the list.
javax. net. ldap. proxy # find ( javax. ldap. scopescope, javax.
create a negative number from a string value and radix 8.
returns true if the given character is in the given encoding.
deletes all sub - orgs and sub - orgs from the given token.
removes the highlights from the text area.
enqueues the successors of the given block to the priority queue.
adds a role to the list of roles.
creates a new dialog object.
creates a new instance with the default gmt time zone.
this method is called when a response is sent.
builds the index shard snapshots.
creates a forum post.
returns true if this group is armed.
creates an attribkey for an html attribute.
creates a sparse array.
returns the tuple with the maximum value for the given tuple set.
updates the radio links.
returns a string representation of two ids.
resets the hits and misses counters.
java. text. stringconverter # convert ( java. text. string, java. text.
removes the item at the specified index.
shiftright ( int n ) of a negative number.
show edit filter dialog.
returns the number of pixels between two points.
returns true if the given form object allows a popup.
creates a localgitrepo from the current directory.
returns a new vector2 with the minimum x and y values.
adds a test method.
serializes the test package.
verifies the migration of the block mirrors.
creates a new log formatter.
removes a text listener.
create an idp element for the tenant.
removes all data from the allocator.
apply the camera to the given glmatrix.
create a point table for a point.
adds the given wwn to the list of volumes already present in the list of volumes
creates a new temporary file.
partition the annos by target type.
loads the contents of the file into memory.
called when the user clicks on the hp button.
resolves the name of a file.
initializes the tool tip.
decodes the encoded array into an array of strings.
computes the angle offset based on the current time.
returns the number of sigignore fields.
generates a random device seed.
renders the expression as a string.
stops the sampling thread.
reverse the winding of a list of points.
creates a new dcsr dialog.
initializes the notification factory.
blocks until this node is done.
clamps the specified value to the specified range.
parses the host directory of a volume.
formats the given time as a string.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this vector.
returns a string consisting of the given string of the given width, filled with the given fill
inserts all of the elements in the specified collection into this list, in the order they are
updates the last checkpoint of the given application state.
converts a string to a byte array.
converts a map of key - value pairs to a list of key - value pairs.
returns true if the given label is valid.
adds a message observer.
show the dialog with the given initial char.
convert a byte to a hex string.
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
returns a vector with the r - norm of the given values.
called when a warning occurs.
returns true if the given sub name is one of the known sub names.
returns the text between the two diffs.
returns true if this object is stored in the database.
returns the size of the given directory as biginteger.
returns true if the specified bit is a search light bit.
creates a new age file filter.
calculates the major tick.
returns the next record in the stream.
stores the given value for the given sample.
unsets the ordering of two nodes.
convert the swf html file to a string.
writes the given class to the given file.
creates a new connection with the given peer address.
converts an array of objects to a vector.
notify all listeners about a version change.
accept a drop operation.
clears the order by clause.
returns a string representation of this object.
gets the modified date of a file.
returns true if the pkcs8 option is selected.
runs the given method tree and class tree.
returns true if the engine is valid.
asserts that two floats are equal.
calculates the d - values of a matrix.
load properties from a file.
replaces all occurrences of the pattern with the replacement.
returns a map of service name to service name.
returns a stream consisting of the elements of this stream, separated by the elements of the other
this method is used to convert the object value given to an appropriate representation.
creates a new instance with default number formatters.
constructs a vector2 with the given direction.
returns the adjusted pow10 of the given value.
clears the column list.
is last invoice costing method.
proxy a port to the server.
fetch the cluster name from the cluster name.
fetches the service cards from the server.
creates a new dpublickey dialog.
sample conditional migration events from a parent colour to a child colour.
checks if the given object is an attribute.
decode an ascii string from a byte array.
this method is called when the value of the node has changed its value.
removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list.
transfer the condition after a cancelled wait.
creates an intent to send the given text to the user.
creates an updater for the given field.
convert a map of string to object.
[ < rn >, + / - < rm >, lsr # < shift_
builds a rowlimitspec from the given context.
returns the first layer of p_other.
remove items from a drive.
saves the indexes to the file.
adds an item at the specified position.
executes the given command with the given command and environment.
expands the given location and selects the selection if it exists.
advance to the next token.
saves the provisioning validity in the shared preferences.
write the extension to the deroutputstream.
create a cluster in a project.
returns a dereferencealiasespolicyvalue of the specified integer value.
runs the test case.
writes a string to the output stream without escaping.
adds a record at the specified position.
calculates the sha - 256 hash of the header.
adds the type of a property to the owl object.
tests equality of two objects.
writes the actions of an instance to a string.
this method is called before an object is added to the queue.
encodes a byte array into base 64 format and returns a string containing the base 64 encoded text
reads a feed from the server.
rllong from the input stream.
shiftright ( int n ) of a negative number.
resolves dependencies from a file.
builds the response url for the given tenant.
asserts that the given label is equal to the given text.
interpolates the result list.
initialize the stream tokenizer.
throws an exception if a message is not received.
runs the worker thread.
reads data from the po module.
locks the lock file.
opens a datagram connection to the specified port.
returns a string describing this object.
executes the given script.
disables the given feature.
removes a zwave event listener.
returns the python time in milliseconds.
adds the given items to the end of the list.
quotes a keyword if it's a java keyword.
creates a recipe from a cursor.
throws an exception if the given expression is not true.
adds a list of statements that will be used to drop a table.
returns true if the queue is locked.
get the cguest time.
find or create a class.
resets the notes to their initial state.
set a tick in the clock.
writes a charsequence to a file, using the specified encoding.
populates the nav drawer.
runs the test case.
converts to primitive array.
record audit log for callhome.
returns the mean of the elements in the array.
constructs a ntp date string.
selects a specific media type from the list of acceptable media types.
paints the border of a jpopup.
ensures that the receiver can hold at least the specified number of elements.
invalidates and unmaps the given buffers.
adds a directory to the classpath.
returns true if mineshafter is present.
tests this object for equality with an arbitrary object.
returns true if the given node has a child node.
removes the item at the specified index from the menu.
returns the number of css property names.
prints a string to this output stream and then terminates the line.
checks the given object for the given permissions.
display all string defined in xml.
create an intent for a map view.
generate the filter parameters.
writes the specified bitmap to the specified output stream.
removes the attribute at the given index.
returns slashed class name from a field signature.
paints the preview of the image.
start the camera.
clears the list of categories and values.
partition a list of chunks into a list of lists.
updates the ui for the given window.
clears the list of results.
finds all widgets in the given container that intersect the given bounds.
prints a symbol to the stream.
creates a new shoppingcartitem.
returns a string representation of the distribution.
updates the titled border text.
adds the given classes to the given hash set.
resets the list of references.
decodes the mpi into a biginteger.
this method is called when the schema of the realm is changed.
sort a vector by the given keys.
parses a schema date object.
adds a message to the queue.
converts a query string to a dbid.
write a short to the stream.
prints a long followed by a newline.
creates a new thriftservicemetadata object.
creates a raster that is compatible with this raster.
generates an error response for an invalid entity.
check the start of a block.
loads the layers from the given url.
returns true if the given dnsmessage is suppressed by.
creates a properties object from a map.
selects the first node matching the query.
extracts a string array from a properties object.
compares two locales.
read a result set from a preparedstatement.
adds the given entry to the given source list if it is not already present in the source
compares this object with the specified object.
closes a connection to the database.
creates a new instance.
doubles the capacity of this queue.
change the name of the new open am.
computes the full url for a link.
loads the manifest from the manifest file.
converts the given array of referencebindings to raw types.
adds a column at the given index.
read data from the input stream.
removes the given display from the list of displays.
returns the next gaussian.
fire an event to all registered listeners.
updates the port of the contact header.
creates a new instance of androidhttpclient.
adds a new entry to the cache.
visit a vertex.
test of bsbm no solutions.
deletes a file or log.
removes the value at the specified index from the list.
adds a group member to the group.
creates a new logger with the given name and resource bundle name.
increments the value of a bin.
throws an exception if the given expression is not true.
adds all of the specified fields to this document.
returns true if the given stringlist contains the given match, ignoring case.
computes the median value of a vector.
initialize all known plugins.
stop the session.
sets the value of keepalive property.
creates a new request that uploads a video to a file.
read checked bytes from the given buffer.
creates a new multicast socket.
checks the selected subset meta data.
validates that the given destination and payload are valid.
creates a new berinputstream with the specified initial size.
creates a new test member with the given type.
encodes the line suffix.
returns true if the font is system font.
adds the given url to the list of urls to be loaded.
adds all of the fields in the document to this document.
creates a new appraisereviewclient.
constructs a new rootblockview.
creates a soap request.
tests whether an inner enum is contained in the playing card.
returns a string representation of the uri.
javax. net. ssl. sslsession # certificate ( java. net. ssl. x509
checks if the given file is in the target directory.
skip any characters in the specified character sequence.
removes all of the elements in the specified collection from this list.
compare and set tail.
creates a phone field with the specified value.
loads a resource bundle.
returns the uris of the remote pools associated with the remote copy settings.
convert a string to html.
adds a new lock to the list of locks.
computes the uf ( x, f ) of a complex number.
reloads the model with a new value.
convert a move to uci.
creates an accelerated image with the given width and height.
prints the state of this object.
writes a string to a writer.
ensures that the specified number of elements can hold at least n elements.
decrements the reference count.
convert x500 principal to x500name.
asserts that the given resource has the expected description.
returns true if the type is flat.
builds the list of available networks.
evaluates an array of strings as a rpn operator.
adds all the given series to the series list.
prints an error message and exits the process.
compares two split emittedtermterms.
merge two aabb objects.
generates an auto - tag name from the current stack trace element.
flushes pending sax events.
initialize the configuration view.
constructs a new extended type.
validates that a new addition is valid.
starts the consumer thread.
undoes the current undo operation.
removes the given column from the list of columns.
returns a string representation of this histogram.
peeks the next sample from the buffer.
scans the given blocks chunk holder and returns the scanned result.
returns a hash code value for this condition.
balances all the segments in the acct schema.
creates an annotation drawer with the given annotations model and renderer model.
returns true if the user has any user partitions.
inserts a string into the input.
reads the next code point from the input stream.
stores int value into byte array at given offset.
creates a new item with the given symbol and label text.
sets the tag to the given value.
returns the number of consumed bytes.
adds the given outerjoin qualifier to this clause.
encodes a string into an array of file objects.
removes and returns an element from this queue, waiting up to the specified wait time for space to
add a swipe listener.
returns the number of patterns.
writes an unsigned 16 bit integer to the given outputstream.
add two negative numbers of the same length.
adds a header to the request.
stores the certificate in the keystore.
appends the given pointer to the pointer hierarchy.
sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns the last value in the list.
sleeps for the given number of milliseconds.
returns the index of the given node in this vector.
returns true if the given modifier is a package access.
writes the contents of this file to a file.
creates a new managed window decorator.
write a portion of an array of bytes.
log a message with the given arguments.
processes the given list of device updates.
returns true if the remote can be rebalanced.
converts a file to a sld file.
inserts the given properties into the given template.
change the font of the given component.
draws the contours of the given image with the given color.
save an x. 509 certificate to a file.
clears the on central position changed listener.
invokes a static method on a class.
returns true if the current line is a fill below the line.
this method is called when a patch service result is received.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns true if the packet is a stanza.
executes the given action.
checks if the given bean version needs to be updated.
clears all beans in the given view map.
loads all logical tables with granularities.
reads a block of data from the input stream.
adds a new subscription to this topic couple.
creates a new instance of x509certpathimpl.
creates a new process from a xml string.
constructs a new consul topology fraction.
builds the regex for the given qualifier value.
shortens the given name to the desired length.
blends two colors with the given weight.
get the kstkeip value.
decides the look - and - feel class for the ui.
converts an image to a bufferedimage.
read an array from the input stream.
returns a list of all available terminals of the given type.
removes a sensor selection listener.
write a single character.
test the dex class loader.
registers a cache ttlmanager.
converts an hour, minute and second values to a java. sql. time.
initialize the key store.
converts image data to platform image bytes.
cleans the folder stacking markers.
discard a service registrar.
returns true if the given state is a final state.
generate the scale markers for a protein.
writes the fig tree block for the given settings.
returns a hashcode for this font and glyphs.
tests this map for equality with an arbitrary object.
start a dtd declaration.
writes the contents of this exifimage to the jpeg image.
cleans up the database.
creates a new templatemodelexception with the given methodname, argidx, and details.
compress a zlib string into a byte array.
load the map for the given extension and mime type.
the start of the dtd.
convert the timestamp to a valid date format.
encodes a byte array into a base 64 string.
prints a double followed by a newline.
returns a string representation of the ip address.
check if zookeeper host contains chroot.
performs the given operation on the given database.
returns the hash code for this uri.
creates a new instance of placeholderfragment.
imports a trl table into a directory.
creates a new resultfilereader.
called when the connection fails.
returns true if the given identifier is in the blacklist.
checks if the given exception is a communication error.
returns true if the server is reliable.
push a type onto the output stack.
returns the maximum value for a short.
reports a bound property change.
encodes the given value into a string.
creates database entities for storage policy testing.
creates a page from a pdfpageobj.
adds an element to a map.
saves the boot prop to a file.
appends the current record number to the file.
write the timestamp length.
calculates the difference between two sound strings.
extracts morpha from the given text.
deletes the given file.
returns a path for a check mark.
initialize the cache.
creates a new instance of tcpeventlistener.
cut the selected bean.
adds a new remover to this manager.
this method is called when an action occurs.
adds an entry to the list.
ensures that the size of the children array is equal to the current size.
creates a new uuid with the given parameters.
creates a pretty print of the given number with spaces.
renders the given handler for the given component.
constructs the tsdb table name.
registers a new selector.
multiply two negative numbers of the same length.
parses the followers from the given stream and adds them to the cache.
executes a raw sql query and returns the result as a list.
returns the current time in nanoseconds.
clone ( ) method testing.
send a request to the remote store.
returns true if the string is empty.
enable a dependency for the given capability.
extracts the robot debug variables from the given stack trace.
adds an integer to the document.
map a full width letter to half width.
asserts that the given collection is equal to the given collection.
returns true if the given request method and response code have the response body.
returns the number of available in process.
add a value to the probe.
returns true if the action should be executed.
moves the cursor by a word.
adds a distribution message to the list of startup events.
remove volumes from a network export mask.
shuts down the output stream.
paints the icon at the given location.
zooms the crop image to a position.
returns a list of all shards in the database.
returns true if the file is hidden.
returns true if the scrollview can scroll vertically.
loads the manifest from the jar.
invalidates the title sortable list.
adds a row to the table.
creates a jar from a file.
go to the specified day.
returns true if the specified element is present in this list, false otherwise.
closes the jdbc connection.
adds information about a message item.
adds a colormap listener.
computes the p - distribution for the given relation.
appends the given suffix to the given string if the given string is null or empty.
request all file systems.
creates a new external problem.
check if network monitor exists.
adds a list of query predicates to the children of this query.
adds a roll to the list.
checks the canonical user options.
closes the given closeable without throwing an exception.
pushes an encrypted message to the queue.
returns a random integer between min and max.
close ( ) method testing.
push a pspgelist onto the draw list.
populate task list.
returns the tuple with the largest element greater than the given field.
returns the tip text for this property.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
fling scrolls to the specified range of bounds.
adds a navigator listener.
closes the underlying stream.
returns the patience of the distribution.
constructs a list of series names from an array of data.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
log a message with log level fatal.
expands a string at the given index.
returns true if both strings are null.
runs the clustering process.
returns true if all the rule17 directors in the given set are used.
stops the connection and closes the connection accept thread.
expands the given system id to the given base system id.
frees a message from the cache.
compares two builders ignoring case.
converts a uuid to a long.
adds a vm argument.
apply the given field to the given visitor.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
tests whether a screenshot is valid.
removes all target volumes from a snapshot session.
reverses a list of directededges.
change part to ref.
reads a line of text from the input stream.
add items to scene.
returns the url of the home page.
returns true if the given reader has a taxonomy info file.
removes a selection listener.
replaces a node with a new type.
handles a button request.
deletes the given node with the maximum size and height.
removes all of the elements from this list, leaving it empty.
called when the progress bar is updated.
creates a new snmpmibnode.
constructs a new instance, based on the specified date / time and the default time zone.
creates a new code attribute.
creates a new binary output stream.
read a class descriptor.
creates a new file in the given directory.
or for zero and one.
executes a prepared statement.
creates a new config object.
ensures that a string is not null.
cancels the unnamed tasks.
returns the minimum and maximum of the given values.
creates a new ored criteria.
reads an escape character from the input stream.
updates the query and header parameters for all authentications.
adds spaces around spans until spans are fixed.
removes the bookmark tracking icons.
creates a new simplemetricgroup with the given name and stream.
returns true if the given point is inside the bounds.
resolves the protocol manager factories.
returns a list of all the host addresses in the network interface.
caculate the in - sample size of the bitmap.
returns true if the given status is in the list of statuses.
returns a string representation of this object.
computes the prf ss.
adds a channel map.
inserts the specified element at the tail of this queue.
adds a resource to the cache.
parses the uid range.
replaces the suffix of the given value with the given value.
executes a claimed task.
creates the navi configuration directory.
called when the update button is pressed.
converts a class file to a class.
returns an iterator over the target objects.
computes the size of the scrolled content.
returns a hash code value for this object.
builds the pool index map.
creates a new dcryptographics dialog.
creates the separator component.
adds the specified object at the end of the list.
builds the values from the results.
generates a cryptographically generated signature.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is longer.
writes a portion of an array of bytes.
opens a file intent.
converts a string to a java. sql. date.
rounds the given float value to the nearest integer value.
creates a new plaintext with the given short.
creates a copy of this attributeinfo.
creates the component changes.
adds an unsafe block to the system.
checks if the given file is writable.
returns a string representation of the oid.
reads a bytecodeparser from the input stream.
skip ( ) method testing.
adds a character to the end of the string.
returns a hash code value for this object.
constructs a cholesky decomposition from a matrix.
finds the candidate crossings of two points.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
constructs a new repository location.
add a property to the list of carbon properties.
creates a new delta tree for the given element.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns the number of mappings in this map.
replaces all occurrences of a string with a new string.
returns true if the coordinate is in the zone.
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a new xwaveslabelfilereader.
parses a string as a double, returning the default if the string is null.
registers an app with the given application name.
adds a profile to the database.
prints a character to the output stream.
initializes the block views.
removes all trails for the given token id.
creates a new dheaderheader dialog.
parses a number list.
creates a new exception object.
generates a random permutation of the size of the matrix.
parses a sip header.
converts a srg color to a srg color.
record the beginning of a run.
rotates a point on the y axis.
returns true if the given word is pronounceable.
adds the split edges to the given list.
creates a new instance.
creates a new membasedcache with the given maxcachesizeinbytes.
updates the maximum text widths.
enable or disable the overview item.
called when a mouse enters a component.
fetches a page of collections from zookeeper.
invokes the given visitor for each of the annotation names and values.
adds the given ids to the list of ids.
stop the monitor and remove it if it exists.
normalizes the given request url.
invokes the method with the given inputstream and outputstream.
commits the local transaction.
adds the object class attribute to the entry.
populates the area of the given ward.
reads a name from the input stream.
concatenates the specified character into this string.
returns the log odds for the given probabilistic value.
signals that the queue is not empty.
fills the tree with the given tree.
returns the number of nodes in the graph.
adds a host to the global blacklist.
adds a node to the list of nodes.
writes the default serializable form of this map entry to a stream.
returns the sigma of a given value.
inserts a new entry into the main bucket.
translates the current transform by the given x and y coordinates.
writes the default object to an object output stream.
writes a number of spaces to a writer.
calculates the relative overlap between two spatial comparables.
handle the auto - draw button.
loads the input stream to have at least the given number of available bytes.
constructs a z21message from a byte array.
sorts the given method descriptors.
parses a list of properties.
returns true if the type has the given annotation.
builds the tool tip for the given node.
removes an item click listener.
returns the position of the selected item.
pads the given string to the right.
returns a list of column names for the given locale and symbolic suffix.
returns true if the given class is cache - safe.
writes the contents of this table to the given print stream.
constructs a part from the given encoded and decoded parts.
creates the epoch months.
converts a class descriptor to an internal name.
registers a new bean with the server.
checks that the unmarshalled value is equal to the expected value.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
perform an asynchronous collect operation.
converts the given value to a singular object.
registers a manufacturer specific builder.
copy a reil code from the given node to the given window.
apply the overrides to the properties file.
reads the contents of the given reader into a string.
computes the similarity between two lanes.
force overflow to be done.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified string in the string array.
preps the operand to be used in the query.
divides a multivariate normal distribution by a conquer brownian bridge.
returns an ejb jar xml version of the given documenttype.
merges two lists of doubles.
prints an integer to standard output and flushes standard output.
copies the text of the selected character to the textfield.
handles the button request.
builds the description panel.
creates a new instance of httpmethodclient.
constructs a pss digest with the given digest and salt length.
decodes a byte array into a string.
extracts the values from the collection.
check if is zte.
normalizes the given string using the given encoding.
returns the node that is closest to the current node.
returns the number of elements in this set.
constructs a new line with the given points, thickness and colors.
converts a biginteger to an unsigned byte array.
approximates the length of the control points.
maps a mouseevent to a drag operation.
adds an assignment to the clause.
returns true if the step value is valid.
creates the icon markers.
tests if the server has a network connection.
assign thread to subscriber.
validates a set of dynamic attributes.
checks if the given type is assignable from the given instance.
this method is called by the war manager to initialize the war list.
adds a command to the menu bar.
connects to a gatt device.
computes the normal dens of a vector.
draws the given shape to the given graphics context.
this method will be called when the jms context is closed.
loads the list of uris from the given input stream.
sets the specified value to the specified value in lazy mode.
creates a list of equality keys for the given node.
convert a collection to a string.
decodes the given base64 string into a byte array.
removes all premovedrops.
clearbit ( int n ) of a positive number.
stops the timer.
write the distinguished name to the deroutputstream.
makes the model dirty.
returns an arraylist containing all of the elements in this list.
remove a connection from the list of connections.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
splits a prefix into a list of strings.
converts a lowerhex string to an unsigned long.
returns the sample skew standard error.
loads the policy qualifier information from the given policy qualifier info.
run a script from the given reader.
finds the markersegment for the given class.
removes all values from the filterable.
resets the buffer to its initial state.
removes the element at the specified position in this queue.
save and close the content.
adds a message to an existing mailbox.
waits for the given observable to complete and prints it to the console.
calculates the nice number for a given range.
copy a header from the request to the buffer.
send a metric to the client.
adds all of the fields that match the given predicate to this document.
find the base url for the given resource.
returns a string representation of this object using the specified formatter.
returns true if the item at the given index is specified.
creates a new instance of statarchivereader.
initializes the adb socket address.
reads a number of bytes from the file.
returns true if the given tag name matches any of the tag names.
shuts down the platform.
returns true if the given row is expanded.
returns the index of the end of a label.
adds a listener to this animator.
creates a new httpmethodinfo object.
tests two byte arrays for equality.
draws the text at the given location.
updates the list of races.
returns true if the parameter is required.
send the data to the receiver.
prints this object to the specified output stream.
creates a new set from the given map.
removes all biomes of the given type.
calculates the size requirements for a tiled layout.
writes a padded integer to the given writer.
create a ldap or for the given filter set.
send a blob instruction.
define the labels for the data.
merges a set of intervals into a set of intervals.
executes the closure's fromstring ( ) method and returns the result as a string.
adds the given node to the list of nodes.
prints a text to the console.
removes all elements from the vector.
divides the specified range of the array into one array.
asserts that the given threads are alive.
creates a new instance of abstractworkermanager.
called when a message is received.
inserts p_via into p_net_nos, p_max_via_
returns true if the distinct projection and incoming bindings buffer exceed the given threshold.
convert a string to a byte array.
returns the maximum length of all items in the list.
writes a portion of an array of characters.
rounds this point to the left of the given direction.
determine the host to use for a http proxy.
adds a reference to the source position.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list in proper sequence.
returns true if the thread is running.
unwraps a vcf file.
registers a user with the database.
creates a new select with the given columns.
tests if the given mbean interface is compatible with the given class.
converts a templatesequencemodel to a set of strings.
creates a new jks object.
writes a location string to the output stream.
returns the offset in the buffer.
evaluates the expression as a string.
converts an http headers object to a armeria http headers object.
calculates the rms of a set of audio frames.
initializes the gl program.
returns true if the engine contains the given alias.
inverts the selected relations.
float value of a negative bigdecimal.
binds the key store.
draws the connector centers.
returns true if the given handle is a merge instruction.
loads the default trust manager.
returns true if the current element is a document element.
creates a new thread pool.
invokes the given method on the given object, throwing an exception if the method fails.
clears the state of the tree.
adds a helper text color.
advance to the next minute.
constructs a listbasedtokenstream with the given attribute source and list of tokens.
resolves the class with the given name.
creates a new map with the same keys as the given source map.
finds the first occurrence of the specified key in the specified byte array, starting from the specified position
add a synthetic edge to the given collection.
adds the given states to the list of states.
this method is used to convert the object value given to an appropriate representation.
returns a byte array that contains the enum key at the given index and sub key at the given
adds a task to the queue.
initialize the compute shader.
sorts the receiver into ascending numerical order.
reads an object from a byte buffer.
generates a group name based on the given policy name and set of existing group names.
asserts that the given resultset has the expected column types.
creates a new defaultactiongroup with the given actions.
adds a new row to the table.
pushes a term into the buffer.
creates a new numeric literal.
compares the head of this node with the given node.
remove a node from the list of dependency kinds.
creates a new map with aggressive concurrency level.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection, the object will accept
skips all whitespace from the reader.
returns an iterator over the literal result attributes.
parses the given string into a map of strings with the given separator.
constructs a priority queue from the specified collection.
returns the resource id for this node.
returns true if this node is an initial node.
denormalizes the given charsequence.
saves a schema file as a container.
returns true if the operation is aborted.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
skip ( byte [ ] data ) method testing.
test web data.
prints a boolean to standard output and flushes standard output.
instantiates a new ipc shared memory space.
closes the database connection.
adds a new qualifier to the version.
loads an unsigned 16 bit integer from the given address.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
unregisters a baggage handler.
creates a new dataset.
asserts that two arrays are in the same order.
collects the text of the first node.
un - proxy the given annotation.
parses an expression into a list of nodes.
adds a new section to the list of tickmark sections.
calculates the qi value.
flushes the output stream.
deletes characters between start and end.
adds a plotter to the list of plotters.
returns the node that is closest to the given key, or null if none.
adds a speedruns live listener.
returns true if the input is in the range [ start, end ).
performs an action on a fault.
returns true if the string contains whitespace.
decodes the given value using the given coder and returns the decoded value.
validates a set of strings.
adds the specified values to the end of the array.
returns a list of myds for the given owner.
computes the cumulative probability of a function.
adds a long value to the request.
compares two objects using the comparator.
adds an action listener to the list of listeners.
calculates the bounds of the text at the given index.
add or subtract another g.
returns a string representation of this attribute.
returns the offset of the first field in the class.
log a warning message.
returns the first element of the list.
this method is called when an action occurs.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs, byte
upgrades a server instance.
creates a new instance of the given class.
pops the top of the stack.
creates a new sip msrpsession.
creates a forum post.
draws the mark at the given location.
called when the component is resized.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
change the value of a label.
write an array of bytes.
updates the angle of a point.
waits for the thread to finish.
clamps the position of a child view horizontally.
creates a new httprequestwrapper.
convert x value to panel x value.
forwards the request to the server.
gets the primary keys for a table.
reads a 32 bit unsigned integer from the given input stream.
converts a leaf to a common token.
adds a record to the list of records.
enqueues a send to the scheduler.
waits for the match to succeed.
returns a string containing all of the elements of this array, separated by the given string.
finds the object binding for the given key.
initialize the compute shader.
checks if the task has completed successfully or failed from the response body.
center a list of nodes horizontally.
appends the given text to the text body.
called when an instance state is restored.
constructs an hour with the specified hour and day.
undoes the current action.
returns true if the device is connected using wifi.
flushes the underlying writer and flushes the buffer.
returns true if the extension ordering is empty.
creates a new process from a xml file.
extracts the music id from the media id.
getscope ( ) method testing.
builds the parameters for the given method.
returns true if this cell contains the given cell.
creates a new generator with the given random number generator.
converts to primitive array.
process a list of new lines.
initializes the lookup map.
returns a string representation of this object.
read data from the input stream.
adjusts the indentation level to the given delta.
returns the number of elements in this queue.
parses a code string token.
returns a random number between two objects.
tests reopen ( ) method.
searches the given paths for a file that has the given rel name.
returns true if there is an unsupported critical extension.
formats the given value using the given buffer.
load configuration from jvm parameters.
performs soft signin on the server.
test view alter and command cache.
approximation of a unit.
creates an element with the given tag, namespace uri and prefix.
modifies a file with the given modifier.
state 2.
tests whether list of options is valid.
ll - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
notify that the size of the view has changed.
removes a turntable from the list.
the end of an element.
convert a bufferedimage to a matrix.
creates a new file system utils object.
returns the number of scheduled queues.
creates a new dgeneralname dialog where the parent is a frame.
destroys the scene.
adds a limited mitre join between two segments.
discards non - base64 characters from a byte array.
multiply two numbers of different scales ; the first is negative.
limits the duration of the lease to the given limit.
converts a path to a cookie path.
formats a double to a string.
constructs a new abstractcategoryitemlabelgenerator.
make an id from an oid.
caches the attribute values.
reads the permissions from the given policy.
injects the volume information into the cim volume information container.
called when a recyclerview is detached from the recyclerview pool.
load a file in arff sorted table.
try to gzip an input stream.
returns a hash code value for this object.
creates a new prefix query.
creates a new am subject.
expands the capacity of the vector at the specified index.
adds the command line list to the command line list.
loads the hex image from the boardview.
triangulate a point set.
encodes the given byte array as a base64 string.
writes the java field spec to the document.
this method is used to convert the object value given to an appropriate representation.
parses the given rdf file.
removes the destination statement from the text.
escapes all the characters in the given string, escaping any special characters that occur in the resulting
adds a file to the classpath.
inserts the specified element at the specified position in this list.
deprecated version of the put method.
returns a buffer of major version numbers.
creates an index request source.
creates the digest data to sign.
sets the request if the request has been modified since the given value.
returns the absolute path to the tmp journal file.
creates a new instance of the given class with the given dimensions.
play the given animators together.
prints an error message.
returns a string representation of the statistics.
apply l1 reg to x.
this method is called when a key is pressed on the keyboard.
returns all the text at the given url.
loads the move participants for the given element.
determine the preference vector for the given neighbor.
paints the arrow's foreground disabled state.
flipbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
called when a user is added to the database.
returns true if there are more events to be processed.
extracts an xmp from an input stream.
initialize the model with the given modelvalidator.
cross over another bayesnet representation.
resets the engine to its initial state.
creates a new user perspective.
returns the phred probability of an error.
returns a string representation of the given type.
returns a string representation of this object.
expect at least one of the given types.
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate3 ( ). updates values in the database.
setnull ( ) method testing.
returns true if this type is assignable from the given type.
insert a bounce penalty into the demand details table.
constructs a sampleinfo from a bytebuffer.
handles the maintenance of the group.
executes the given callable and returns the result.
check if the given bytecode version is a post - jd version.
adds a mapping for the given template type.
finds a file in the given path and returns it as an input stream.
initialize the cache.
adds a circular progress view listener.
creates a new instance of sitestatuscheckthread.
renders the glyph to the specified graphics context.
resets the retained variables and returns a copy of the replaced variables.
release the app context.
deletes all tables in the database.
find a pet category by its id.
marks the default session token as removed for the given site.
creates a new exchange.
computes the discard alpha.
convert unix time to file time.
encrypts the given plaintext using the given secret keys.
removes an address from the list of addresses.
called when the view is measuring.
fire an endelement event.
verify that migratefromproducthome is valid.
returns an array of spanned objects representing the current history.
formats the given message with the given arguments.
inserts the prosody settings into the utterance.
creates a folder with the given name.
translate the matrix after rotation.
creates the text for a ticker.
adds a protocol to the set of protocols if it does not already exist.
returns a string representation of this object.
adds a key to the table.
loads a configuration from a resource.
log a message to the log file.
draws the chart vertically.
constructs a public key from a byte array.
returns the number of hits that match the query.
returns true if the left and right side of the operator are true.
adds a header to the response.
perform an asynchronous max operation.
prints a character followed by a newline.
test that we can write an empty record to the store.
commits this instance to the database.
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate7 ( ). updates the values in the database.
extracts the indent string from the given line.
gets the full path from the given filename.
adds a file if the status line matches the status line.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_down, result is negative ; distance = 1.
encodes the given string using the given charset.
slides the specified slide.
adds one or more sticky drawer items.
returns true if debugging is enabled.
resets the tree to its initial state.
returns the sinine of the given angle in radians.
extract data from a file.
creates a new related session id.
creates a cardinal spline from an array of points.
returns true if the given sequence matches this sequence.
compares two comparables using a null - terminated boolean.
checks if the superuser apk exists.
adds an expression to the end of the expression list.
syncs all elements of the iterator to the next element.
finds a component by its component name.
returns true if the given class is a fingerprint implementation of this class.
writes a float field value.
extracts the column keys from a line.
draws a rhombus polygon.
convert a list of bytebuffers to a dictionary of bytearrays.
instantiates an object from a sibling class.
generates a derived key for the given number of bytes.
tests whether the finalizer returns even if the queue is empty.
show the keyguard dialog.
computes the width of a string.
checks if the event passes a sanity check.
this method is called when an action occurs.
converts a localdate to a string.
creates a new instance of datasourcemetadata.
creates an email field with the given value.
creates a new address lookup.
add a change listener.
creates a new node with the specified permission and value.
creates a new cell.
adds an xml element to the stack.
constructs a new format from a string.
returns true if the specified interval is equal to this interval.
converts a relative url to a relative url.
starts the timer. if the timer is already running, the timer will be restarted.
creates a new journalindex.
closes the plog file.
parses the first consonant.
creates a new buddypanel.
executes a javac test.
park and check if the thread is interrupted.
returns a list of gpu platforms.
adds the given dependency to the list of dependencies.
returns true if the object is a date.
convert config to xml.
builds a quadrilateral from a set of points.
heapify up to twopos.
inserts a key / value pair into the tree.
unlocks the lock and releases all resources.
returns true if the filename contains sub - formats.
writes the name and type information to the output stream.
initializes the properties with the given values.
adds a network listener.
appends the content prefix to the urlbuffer.
adds an error listener.
validates the class name.
imports the base types of a module.
read a matrix from a node.
record a file system operation.
creates a coretokenexception with the specified error code.
creates a new ddialog object.
computes the dynamic vm name for the given java project.
normalizes the given number.
skips this vector to the specified index.
removes an organization configuration from the service.
removes a group listener.
constructs a new changelogmapping.
extracts the key from the given name.
calculates the spacing of a motion event.
transforms a map of strings into a map of key / value pairs.
creates a new instance of componentmanager.
removes all observers from the list.
unsynchronize a byte array.
calculates the general encryption key.
creates a new message capture.
unzips the given byte array to a byte array.
inserts the specified item into the specified combo box.
waits for the coroutine to become active.
returns true if the output contains a python error.
converts a number to a string.
convert a string to a map.
returns an unmodifiable set view of the keys in this map.
called when the audio streamer is started.
creates a new propagation imp.
creates a new instance of nativerunner.
returns the indent string for the given height.
reduces the given calendar to the same values as the given calendar.
surrounds the given string with the given prefix and suffix.
returns the first coordinate that is not in the list of points.
trims the given string if it is longer than the given length, and pads the string
schedules the cache to the timer pool.
decrypt a byte array.
log the os information.
called before a value is encountered.
returns a hash value for the given string.
generates a native guid for a transport zone.
tests adding a servlet with the name and jsp file.
returns true if the specified value is equal to this value.
prints an error message.
removes a listener from the list of event listeners.
creates a new execution system with the given uri and environment.
returns true if the given type is a command.
send a report to the client.
returns true if the string starts with the given prefixes.
tests whether the datatype is ordered by datatype.
called when a mouse button has been pressed on a map.
formats the given sql values into a sql string.
paints the top edge of the content border.
analyze all events and write them to the output file.
executes a sql update.
returns the current thread time in milliseconds.
creates an entry from a list of ldif lines.
clears the parser highlights.
reads a short from the input stream.
format an integer into a byte array.
appends a character array to the current entity.
returns true if the given security has the given permission.
checks if is annotation.
returns true if this basicblock is equivalent to the other basicblock.
calculates the compile checksum.
returns true if the current state represents a long label.
creates a new secret block.
installs a normal file.
creates the insert list for the given item.
reads the metadata of the outline object.
decode the run length.
reads a stream into a byte array.
creates a new no duplicate value global constraint.
inflates the overlay from the given string.
brute force revocation hash.
instantiates a new fancyloader.
returns true if the given resource has been modified.
performs the specified action on the peer's back buffer.
loads the value from a string.
returns a map of all namespaces for the given soap element.
draws the hook to the given canvas.
convert a bitmap to a byte array.
this method is called when the button is pressed on a background thread.
this method is used to flush the ptp packets.
resets the display cache and id.
copies the contents of the source directory to the destination directory.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
record the recording data.
load rewrites from the given string.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
called when a connection is closed.
handle a http request.
create a negative number from an array of bytes.
formats the given double value.
removes the specified positions from the adapter.
resets the shape bounds.
attempt to get a colour from a string.
returns the rank of the vector.
executes a modifiablevariableholder's modification.
saves the given content to the given file.
delete old temp file.
flushes the connection to the database.
convert a jpeg encoded byte array to a jpeg image.
despawns the specified object.
returns the topic name for the given event id.
returns the match result.
creates a constraint set for each constraint in the project.
decodes a string into its original form.
creates a copy of this operation to the given extent.
returns the class that is associated with this class loader.
helper method to parse the style string and set the path effect.
converts a color to an angle in radians.
parses an old - bounded size.
adds an encoded query parameter.
create an image link with the given js command.
creates a new namespace with the given creator, qualifier and users.
decrements the current value by one.
updates the color with the given dt and ratio.
removes all elements from the array.
fully locks the queue.
removes all entries from the cache.
update podcast publication date and last media url.
removes all ui defaults from the ui list.
makes this object immutable.
computes the k - nearest neighbor for a given distance query.
adjusts a set of positions based on the given start and end positions.
adds an id to a string builder.
creates a new available migration.
adds a comment to the document.
draws an image using the given affine transform.
this method is called when the user clicks on the table.
selects all elements in the list.
add a raw value to the nvp.
returns the number of elements in this set.
read an unsigned integer from the input stream.
view address country options.
adds a pause listener.
makes this attribute immutable.
adds a component to the list of components.
opens a url with the given uri.
invalidates the specified line.
constructs a bytebandedraster with the given samplemodel.
initialize this uri object from the given uri object.
unlinks the last element from the list.
returns true if the notification is registered for the given type.
reads the output of a process.
fills the header and footer.
adds an operand to the list of operands.
calculates total amount of amt for a given receipt.
skips the specified number of bytes.
removes all ims.
escapes all ascii characters in a string.
copies the contents of the specified reader to this reader.
clears the dictionary cache.
returns a string representation of the given array of arguments, with the given maximum size.
renames a file to another file.
executes a camera command.
returns an enum set containing the kind names for the given type.
returns the length of the text.
serializes digest response to string.
populates the combos for the given activity.
find the json encoding for the given media type and http headers.
converts the given image to a bufferedimage.
returns the start time.
moves the iterator to the next view.
check if the string is hh : mm : ss.
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
caches a method to be resolved.
setbit ( int n ) the top bit in a positive number.
destroys all beans in the view map.
closes the given output stream.
returns the node at the given index.
converts a character to a visible width.
creates a directory if it doesn't already exist.
constructs a new gts stream with the given base timestamp.
encodes an array of coordinates into a string.
extracts weight values from a list of synapses.
flushes and closes the connection.
returns true if the hash set contains at least one of the given hashes.
ensures that the buffer can hold at least the given number of additional data.
returns true if the given number is a valid phone number.
trims the url from the beginning of the uri.
returns the next entry in the classification block.
adds alpha to the original color.
stops the server.
copies the given operand array into the local state.
attempt to read the response from the given connection.
adds the specified element to the end of this queue, waiting if necessary until the queue is
creates a new translatablecomponent.
adds a part at the given index.
inserts the character at the specified position in this builder.
returns true if this object has the given nature and weapon.
dumps the given info message to the logger.
this method is used to open the connection.
find conversion from db value.
advance the api up to the given time.
this method calls proc updateuserroles and updates the values of userroles.
send the option request to the client.
perform a comparison test.
adds a new delete to the end of the list.
returns the maximum of two double values.
adds an imagecontainer to the container list.
calls the super method and writes the approximation to the specified object.
adds a method to the chain.
gets a request from the thread local.
creates a hash of the given password.
schedules a commercial with the given length.
returns a hash code for this object.
unsubscribes the topic from the server.
is operating system digital unix?.
disconnects the server from the server.
returns true if this name ends with the given name.
calculates the total height of the view.
returns true if the given string is a regular expression.
returns true if the given intent has specialized handlers.
flushes the output stream.
attaches the footer to the given text.
creates a new sentence with the given children.
java. security. crypto. encodedkey # encoded ( byte [ ] key ).
this method is used to initialize the store.
creates a histogram with the cumulative sum of all values in the specified histogram.
updates the icons for the given package.
parses the given string into a datedata object.
adds a set of attributes to the request.
test unpark ( ) method testing.
sets the commit index for this segment manager.
finish all closing fragments.
write a byte array to the output stream.
converts a hex string to a hex string.
returns the matching scenarios and examples for the given feature.
convert rate to speed.
returns the next element in the list.
returns true if field queuesize is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise.
converts a double to a string.
creates a test index created event with a random uuid and a bulk data hit.
validates the given value against the given rule.
find the uri of the given owner.
returns a random number between start and end.
adds an event to the queue.
returns a random algorithm parameter spec.
returns true if the character is a token character.
draws the lines and points for the given ordered date set.
adds an element type.
creates a log tag for the given class.
prints a string followed by a newline.
creates a new uri from the given uri and frag.
this method is called when the component is being painted.
write the game to a byte array.
adds an import to the list of imports.
draws the arrow head.
this method is called when the class loader is initialized.
unmarshals the parameters of a method into an array of values.
load data from the service.
creates a resource name based on the given resource name and locale.
returns a string representation of the array of objects.
draws an icon at the specified location.
syncs the query with the server.
resets the runtime to its initial state.
converts an image to a bufferedimage.
returns true if the job is cancelled.
removes a directededge from the graph.
returns true if the specified event is generatable.
called when a message is received from the producer.
sets the until date.
returns true if the specified x - coordinate is within the bounds of the thumb.
cleans up all files in the given directory.
returns true if this node can be collided with another node.
updates the timer with the given duration.
submits a task to the given queue.
creates a new thread pool for the task distributor.
dumps the audio samples to the given writer.
adds a buffered field to the editor.
adds an incomplete expansion room.
computes the magnitude of the desired ellipsoid.
trims a charsequence to a string.
validates the vnx smis parameters.
calculates the next trace.
converts an object to a bytebuffer.
write bytes to the channel.
creates a new sensor with the given system name and user name.
returns the maximum of two distances.
fills the shape with the given points.
writes the tags from this exifimage to the jpeg stream.
decodes a base256 segment.
move the selected date to the current day.
converts an ip address to an ip address.
returns true if the template is valid.
throws unsupportedoperationexception if the queue is empty.
returns the cumulative density function of the normal distribution.
destroys the connection and closes the socket.
emits an atom of the pattern.
creates a unary operator from a list of udids.
returns true if the network is connected.
called when a tab is closed.
adds a new sam object to the collection.
closes a close packet.
replaces all collapsed edges in the graph.
sets the current position of the track to the given fraction.
creates a new seaglasstitlepane.
returns a string representation of this list.
writes a 64 - bit long.
expands a list of wildcards into a list of wildcards.
returns a charset object for the given charset name.
constructs a new instance.
dumps the given message with the given stack trace.
executes a query and executes it.
caches the synthetic name for the given signature.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end - user
maps a library name to a native library name.
returns the next matcher from the input stream.
processes the queues in this fragment loader.
adds a private field.
reconstructs the private subrs of a font.
returns true if the sequence matches the chomp pattern.
initializes the gl.
clears the scrap heap.
contributes the token request parameters.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
adds a lenient line to the line.
merges all children of the given node into this node.
negate ( ) for a negative bigdecimal.
creates and binds an item to the given type.
creates a new panel with the given experiment.
adds a listener to the list of listeners.
process the command line arguments.
check if zoning is required.
initializes the xml element.
returns true if the attribute has the given name.
returns true if this string starts with the given prefix.
returns true if the given class is a window of the given class.
reports a bound property change.
fades to the specified layer.
returns a hash code value for the given boolean field.
creates a new instance of abstractsurfaceobject.
parses a string into a sootmethodandclass.
start the selection process.
finds the start of a column in the text.
decodes a color from a string.
returns a list of modules required for processing the given source type and target type.
calculates the distance between this vector and another vector.
calculates the elapsed gc time for all gcbeans.
closes the connection.
adds a list of entries to a distinct list.
start an object with the given number of fields.
produce a stream of messages for a given topic.
returns a string containing the specified character, with the specified number of spaces.
adds the given connection to the list of views.
trims the given text to the given span.
adds a listener to be notified when the script is finished.
called when the consumer has finished processing the iab.
java. io. buffer # put ( int, byte [ ] ) method testing.
concatenates the given double arrays into one double array.
ensures that the receiver can hold at least the number of elements specified by the minimum capacity argument
adds a new value to the list of values for the given category.
adds a continuation element to the test elements.
calculates the rotation angle between the center point and the target point.
count the number of characters in the given character sequence.
creates a new crlnumberreader object.
log a message with printf formatting.
calculates the log probability of mu.
sets the tolerance of the process.
called when the drag finished.
writes the row key to the log.
inserts an entry into the dynamic table at the given index.
extracts the secret access key from a s3 uri.
dials a contact.
add a class to the list of safe classes.
returns true if the active list has room.
returns true if the server is running.
parses a rslp resource and returns a map of step names to step objects.
returns a string representation of the bet.
test snapshot of non - empty journal.
check if the ip address matches the pusher ip address.
quick power of a double value.
converts a class to an entry path.
write a counter to standard output.
returns a map of annotation names to annotation mirrors that are declared in the given package.
returns the osmelement that can be paste from this node.
updates the current cursor.
returns true if the mouse event is a middle mouse button.
adds a success message.
called when the start stopped check box has changed.
closes the input stream.
returns the next sequence number in the given list of logsegmentmetadata.
asserts that a specific language string is valid.
called when a block is exploded.
returns true if there are threads to read from the reader.
returns the inactive time in milliseconds since the epoch.
checks if the given value is equal to the given condition.
adds a cos definition.
creates a sourcedataquality object from an xml element.
converts the given output class to a q object.
generates a signature for the given jwt.
adds the given symbols to the list of exported symbols.
returns true if m is fulfilling.
add a data source listener.
finds the effective annotation in the given hierarchy.
this method is called to indicate that the entity has failed.
reads n bytes from the inputstream.
evaluates the gamma function of the given vector instances.
parses the finish of the group.
cancels included only buttons.
kills all entries in the list.
creates an error dialog with the given title and message.
check the index header suffix.
prints a tag to the output stream.
parses a disk string from a string.
returns true if the given object is a trusted object.
creates a new persistent search request control.
connects the source neurons to the target neurons with the same ordering as the target neuron
multiply a character by another.
normalizes a charsequence to a string.
adds a zone change listener.
writes a byte to the stream.
creates a new instance of startlistener.
returns a flat list of the logical values in this matrix.
resets the schedulers hook.
returns a hash code for the given key.
record the current timestamp.
this method is called after the method is called.
parses the given string.
returns the default max radius.
returns a copy of the buffer as a char array.
returns the number of pending workers.
inserts the specified component at the specified position in this list.
unescapes the given source string using the given escape char and special characters.
appends an input stream to the url.
creates a new map with the same mappings as the specified map, with the same mappings as the
adds a rule to the specified selector.
appends a byte array to the end of the segment.
check if the latest dss keystore is available.
initializes the resource bundle with the given name.
creates a new layer graphic warehouse support object.
returns true if the package name matches the naming convension.
remembers a factory for a host.
returns the next character in the stream.
removes the first entry in the list.
creates new task cancelled exception with given throwable as a cause and source of error message.
normalizes a range of characters.
removes obsolete elements from the list of names and shared elements.
removes an action from the network update.
computes the distance error of the given quad segs.
returns the next token from the stream.
adds the specified character to the end of the list.
returns true if the given id is a valid ifd.
removes a child from this group.
checks if a storageport exists in the database.
appends a split element to the list of splits.
creates a new osm handler.
closes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
gets the direct connection.
appends a national number to the beginning of the prefix before national number.
cut the list of selected objects.
stops the blink service.
release the index.
configure the command line.
write a transform to the page.
signum ( ) for a positive bigdecimal.
prepends a painter to the chain.
parses the operator token stream.
performs a drag to the target object.
queues up the syncs in the cursor.
removes the series at the specified index.
adds a glue to the given jb axis.
writes the given result to a file.
instantiates a new jmx object.
write blocklet info to file.
renders the given tree with the given indentation.
replaces all occurrences of a regular expression with a replacement string.
compares two strings for equality.
adjusts the length of the backing file.
creates a list of ordered subnets for the given pin list.
creates a js method invocation expression.
performs a double click on the button.
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization.
drops a list of tables in the database.
creates a new disk segment.
returns true if the person with the given email exists.
returns the maximum of two values ignoring na - n.
crab down dir block for modification.
remove a reference to a connection.
returns true if the queue matches a word.
creates a new vacuum environment.
generate a remote class from a class definition.
add a long click listener.
removes the given point from the list of respawn points.
constructs a photo from an exif data file.
converts a byte array to a long.
parses a unicode escape character.
called when a mouse enters a component.
remove formatting from a line.
xor for two positive numbers ; the first is shorter.
prints the charge log.
returns true if this rdn is empty.
writes the given most recent data to the local csv file.
creates a new organization configuration.
deletes the authentication domain.
adds a source code remark.
event pre - modify.
saves the given document entity asynchronously.
returns true if this stream supports the mark ( ) operation.
resolves the parent relation name.
creates a new bytecolumn with the specified capacity and default value.
convert a select statement to a relnode.
executes a script with the given name and context.
creates a new htm document builder.
format a sample rate.
returns true if the connection is closed.
starts a new thread.
constructs a type simplifier.
escapes characters in the given byte array.
returns the native name of this native library.
returns a string representation of the given dom document.
create a mongoclient for a collection of seeds.
cast a string to a boolean value ( primitive value type ).
returns true if there are more work.
sets the seed of the engine.
generates the class file.
returns true if the embedascff is used as a compact font format.
main entry point for the generator.
returns the mosesize of the given feature.
calculates the height of the given demo text.
checks if the server is shutting down.
checks if there are any unblocked tasks in the queue.
callshortmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a short value.
reports a bound property change.
removes all the markers from the list.
captures a single string.
converts a long value to a localized string.
tests parsing a client handshake request.
runs the test case.
checks that the given frame value is valid.
creates a template from a string value.
returns true if the custom should take focus.
initializes the signature and cipher with the given key.
returns a map of zone names to list of zones for initiators and ports.
returns true if the given filename is one of the given extensions.
writes a jar post resource.
closes the underlying file.
creates a new typedeventlistener.
returns a list of child nodes of the given node.
creates a new corleone context.
returns the logarithm of the given counts.
adds a method to this class.
adds a replication factor request.
returns the initial splash frame.
decodes the line suffix from the input stream.
adds a new sipservertransaction to this sipservertransaction.
calculates the spacing of a motion event.
returns true if the given method is a poly method.
constructs a new jk object.
selects the attribute set instance.
ensures that the file is open.
tests the canonicalizing cache.
prints an object to standard output and flushes standard output.
stop and run the given runnable.
reads a single character from the given input stream.
generates a graph file for the given transmeta.
closes an outputstream without throwing an exception.
adds a propertychangelistener to the bean context.
returns true if this entry has expired.
load user info into action bar.
returns the direction for an arrow key.
creates a new tracegraph with the given spans.
returns true if this object is persistent.
converts a month, day, day, hour, minute, and second strings to a date.
handle a mesos failure.
finds the configuration file in the working directory.
attempts to add a word to the line.
called when a preference is clicked.
read wwwauthenticate header.
returns the string representation of the given boolean value.
test sendtoproducer ( ) method testing.
adds a live value to the query.
converts the given uri to a string using the given charset.
returns true if the given key exists.
creates a new allocationsite.
draws an image using the given affine transform and observer.
parses an array of characters into an int.
creates new form activitymonitorsample.
computes the great circle extreme locations for the given location and azimuth.
initializes the checkbox with the given parameters.
paints the check mark as enabled and selected.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the given uri.
writes a command to the log file.
reloads the image from the root directory.
creates a new dns record.
generate a block of text from a stream of rows.
adds a content spec declaration to the current element.
grows the spine by one.
reconnects to the current port.
returns an unmodifiable collection of grid port records.
returns a string representation of the buffer.
returns true if the variable has a change event with the given name.
resets the xm list.
calculates the distance between this circle and another circle.
creates a new simple command with the given arguments.
grows the array so that it can be used again.
converts the table name to lower case.
creates a new pickinggraphmouseplugin.
performs a breadth - first search on the graph.
creates a new viewrefrender.
checks that the given number is a valid number.
announces a group of multicast packets.
creates a new drawingattributes object.
closes the scanner and releases any system resources associated with it.
creates a new policy tree.
rollback method for createsnapshot operation.
convert string to seconds.
detach an activity from the list of views.
read preferences from shared preferences.
add a download runnable to the active list.
adds an expr to the tla.
returns true if the given string is an upper case camel case.
sets the type of a string.
returns true if the user provides an identifier.
removes redundant affix characters from a list of strings.
returns a random number between 0 and n.
resumes the updates.
stores the last used time.
returns true if the child element can contain the top element.
extract arcs from an oid.
isduplicate ( ) method testing.
updates the statistics for the conditional density estimator.
checks if the given file is a directory.
add two negative numbers of the same length.
start a new connection.
increments the access count.
compares two doubles.
convert a bitmap to a byte array.
creates new form configurenb.
returns the logarithm of the given number and base.
uf ( x, f ) - uf ( x, f ) - uf (
creates a new filesaverdescriptor.
reads a single block from the stream.
adds a new run.
copies the given array of converters.
adds a new output sensor.
initializes the socket channel.
resets the queue to its initial state.
if the value is not null, invoke the specified consumer with the value, otherwise do nothing.
send an x10 sequence with the specified intensity.
reads a float from the input stream.
instantiates a new glowscheduler.
fill ( int [ ] array, int [ ] array, int [ ] array, int [
calculates the layout width.
deletes the directory and all its contents.
checks if the given element is a static variable.
this method is used to convert the characters in the specified array into an appropriate representation.
convert iso 8601 duration to human readable string.
send a text message to the chat server.
returns a string representation of this object.
removes a tcpserverthread from the list of running threads.
creates a new dock node event handler.
read source to log.
deletes the current license file.
returns the test net parameters.
blocks until all requests have been processed.
read from the stream.
updates the bounds of the fast scroller.
creates a new dgroupgroup dialog.
creates a directory and returns its path.
is operating system windows 8?.
finds all functions that are used by the given unit.
adds a range of items to the list.
returns an unmodifiable list of no proxy objects.
adds a list of include definitions to the linker.
adds a new observation to the dataset in the specified group.
tally the variants of a vcf record.
read a portion of an array of bytes.
creates a new ldif object.
updates the preson info for this person.
removes the item at the specified position.
present licenses in the license module.
adds a geokey to the list of geokeys.
detects a geotimeserie based on a set of patterns.
dumps the list of candidates to the given string builder.
write a boolean [ ] to an xmlserializer.
adds a new outbound rule.
creates a new skype with the specified username and password.
stops the dragging of the view.
adds the flags to the layout.
returns the alias of the given certificate in the keystore.
purges last articles from the database.
removes all views from the scrap heap.
creates a new proxy verifier.
override paint ( graphics ) to do the actual painting.
called before the key is added to the stack.
transfer the input stream to the output stream.
tests the existence of a directory.
adds two long values using the given pattern, throwing an exception if the values are too large
serialize a compact rdf node.
adds a checkbox to the container.
pushes the current state onto the stack.
drops an index from a table.
returns the element at the top of the stack.
adds a new processor to the list of processors.
adds the given byte array to the script.
initialize the resource based on configuration parameters.
deletes the least used entry.
convert less than one thousand.
returns true if the uri is an embedded base64 image.
change the current state.
parses the link label.
read a file as a string.
called when a wro runtime exception occurs.
checks if the user has access to the device.
closes the file and saves it to disk.
selects a random operator.
splits a string into a list of chunks.
convert a boolean array to a string.
decodes the given string into a bytebuffer.
clears the list of buttons.
returns a brighter version of the given color.
shuts down the thread pool.
constructs a serialmessage from a byte array.
this method is called when the transfer completed.
write a golomb value.
adds the specified force to the end of the list.
convert a number to a metric value.
returns true if the specified sequence overlaps the specified range.
constructs a new b ( k, b ).
prepares the process info for processing.
returns true if the url is configured.
convert a comma delimited list to a string array.
read a byte array from a file.
fatalerror : print a message to the system.
creates a backup file in the given directory.
pushes a pair onto the top of this vector.
removes the storage from the data directory.
appends the container configuration to the container config.
creates a new instance of readonlygamesettings.
deletes a set of users.
returns true if the given file matches any of the wildcards.
removes the given region from the list of regions.
closes an inputstream without throwing an exception.
called when the start of an element is encountered.
stops the server and waits for it to finish.
creates a new storage.
calculates the width of an item in the renderer.
start the camera.
adds a breakpoint listener.
update the graphics with the current state of the peer.
releases all waiters for the given phase.
converts a string to a date format using the specified timezone.
prints the stack trace of the given throwable.
scans the type parameters and checks if it is camel case.
creates a new block.
computes the poisson distribution.
finds an expression from the given source string.
adds a channel to the store.
delete all files in the given directory.
pipe an input stream to an output stream.
release the detector.
trim leading character from a string.
returns the next element from the queue, or null if none.
returns true if the current thread is safe, or false if there is no duty.
submits a task to be executed.
adds an attribute selection.
creates the left - over byte array.
sample the action values.
called when a channel is closed.
configures the head less simulation.
returns true if the uri is the next window.
returns true if the given class is visible.
remove the event from zookeeper.
creates a new xmlservicebundle object.
returns true if the argument is a valid string.
adds an array of strings to a list.
removes a supercard toast from the list.
tests whether the vmstat header and data parses correctly.
generates a secretkey from the given password and salt.
partially escapes the assertion value.
removes the view at the given index from the given parent view group.
returns true if the given prefix is already declared.
step the agent.
calculates the attack status for a given attack.
sets the vertex processor.
release the idle state.
validates the availability of replicas for the given shard and collection.
returns this declaration as a class declaration.
converts a partition spec to a string.
converts a charsequence to an input stream using the specified encoding.
hitendtest # test_end_afterfind ( ).
deletes a cheque from the database.
calculates the partial correlation of the given submatrix.
adds a column to the table.
adds put and get nanoseconds to this object.
check if the saturation value is valid.
parses a cell from a string.
fire a pseudo property change.
run a command in a directory.
returns the socket channel.
java. text. date # date ( int, int, int, int, int, int
constructs a string from a byte array tag.
adds the file and directory filters to the chooser.
attempts to regenumvalue ( int hkey, int valueindex, int maxvaluenamelength
parses a rfc 822 date string.
validates a dataset against a set of constraints.
adds an annotation to the page.
find the preferred idp for the provider.
checks if the directory exists and creates it if necessary.
asserts that all values satisfy the given expectations are satisfied.
determines whether the journal should be rebuilt or not.
prints a float followed by a newline.
extracts a register instruction.
called when an authentication failure occurs.
builds interceptors for the given method.
removes all phis from an ir.
counts the number of tokens in the target string.
initializes the coverage map from the list of tests.
builds the route interceptors for the given resource and method.
check if footprint is valid.
main entry point.
computes the quantile of a gamma distribution.
creates a cipher parameters from a bcpbe algorithm parameters.
instantiates a new orioneditor.
stores a byte at the given offset.
adds a validation error.
parses an option setting and stores it in a map.
generates the client credentials.
builds the solr index.
start the guided tour.
run a random test.
adds a listener to the list of listeners.
clamps the given value to the given minimum and maximum.
called when a mouse button is clicked.
adjusts the bytecode index of the given barrier.
returns a string representation of this object.
interpose an array of longs.
creates a new temporary directory.
synchronizes all auth data in the current user.
creates an element in the xenc encryption space.
scrapes all views that are currently active.
draws a wind line at the given location.
returns true if the server has the proxy settings.
returns true if the value is equal to the default value.
parses the given key - value pair string into a map.
called when the size of the view has changed.
adds a new buffer to the buffer list.
creates a websiteaddress based on the given pattern.
tests whether the log filter has the same name and extension filter.
resets the pending tele missile attacks list.
adds a padding to the given byte array.
adds the commands to the current page.
returns a string representation of the matrix.
adds the given statements to the end of the sequence.
notify listeners that the activity state has changed.
computes the elasticity of the value at the given spot.
convert http entity to byte array.
returns the first foo with the given uuid.
rounds a decimal to the nearest integer value.
instantiates a new runner.
is operating system windows me?.
converts a date to a string.
calculates the size of a component.
check if two ast nodes have the same element type.
appends the data to the stringbuilder.
converts a long value to a string.
resets the position to the beginning of the buffer.
reads a single byte from the given inputstream.
writes the specified character sequence to the specified file, using the default character encoding.
returns true if the idp proxy is enabled.
compiles the prolog file to java source.
removes all listeners from this spring.
creates a new selectioninputdialog.
builds the solr index.
converts a class name to a resource path.
constructs a new uri from the given parameters.
add a solution to the population.
returns a copy of the buffer as a byte array.
creates a disk in the specified project.
returns true if the given host matches the given domain.
removes an attribute from the list of enabled attributes.
generates the instruction to push the given handle onto the stack.
encodes the given parameters into a post body string.
returns the imap for the given key.
write the index to the output.
returns the toggle node property.
decode octets from a byte buffer.
constructs a vector from a vector of fieldvectors.
reverses all animators in the state.
starts the query and registers the observer.
reports a vetoable property change.
test of lm function, of class lm.
called when sinks are received.
converts a dto to a user entity.
writes the foreign key drop statement.
obtains a file lock.
point to data.
collects the list of files that are affected by this project.
updates the position of the particle.
updates the ticklabels for the given length.
returns true if the target position is within bounds.
asserts that the statement indices of the given triple store are consistent.
shows the given item.
adds an integer option to the option list.
determine the target page.
returns a string representation of the element at the given index.
copies the points of this vector3f to the given source vector.
converts a glob to a regular expression.
force no loss.
splits the given string with the given separator character.
test split on semicolons.
removes an object at the given offset from the given source array.
creates a new dictionaryadapter.
returns true if the tab is associated with a non - destroyed activity.
creates a new httpstreamwrapper.
adds the given file to the list of filenames.
returns true if the number is coming, false otherwise.
constructs a hull from two points.
reads a short from the input stream.
prints an integer to this output stream.
creates a proximity node.
check if zoning is required.
sends a reply to the stream.
constructs a new ccframe with the given name and delay.
navigate to dump.
adds a list of sms messages to the list.
makes a random entry from the given byte array.
swap the egl display and surface buffers.
returns a list of windows for the given words.
builds the path from a json path.
adds the element at the specified position in the array.
returns the double value of this attribute.
returns the matlab representation of this matrix.
creates a new fileinputreader.
creates an objectoutputstream for this file.
returns a set containing all of the keys in this segment.
adds a certificate to the list of certificate validity.
adds a policy listener.
verifies that the given code is in the cache.
returns a new script engine for the given file.
finds the raw module with the given id.
checks if the type of the given argument is checked.
returns a local date in japanese calendar system from the proleptic - year and day
recovers an entry from the keystore.
creates a new loader for the given url.
min ( ) for unequal bigdecimals.
creates a new wiser.
concats the given int array with the given int array.
truck the camera to the target location.
shuts down the executor service.
clears the locale builder.
deflates the previous string into the current string.
returns the index of the split list.
log an error message.
adds a propertychangelistener to the listener list.
cleans the given directory.
returns the minimum version of the tx.
constructs a dimensionedscalar with the specified name and value.
appends a portion of an array of characters.
computes the standard deviation of the kernel for the given instance.
initialize the properties object.
inserts the specified element at the specified position in this list.
creates a new multiplexmanager.
returns true if the element matches the pattern.
returns the given value or the given default value if the given value is null.
compares the last received key value with the last received key.
paints the car component.
converts a string to a java. sql. time object.
chooses a server alias for the given key type and issuers.
returns the probability distribution function.
charge the value of a charge.
parses a gdx actor template.
brokera - > brokerb - > brokerc.
flushes this object to the stream.
discards the current element.
convert an ileaf to an asi token.
write the values to the packetbuffer.
registers a file type with the registry.
parses a locale formatted integer.
parses the xml string into a requestsecuritytokenresponse object.
request a samza container request.
filter items by level.
returns the index within the specified array that is less than or equal to the specified key.
adds a symbol to the list.
escapes all the characters in the given string, escaping any special characters that occur in the resulting
returns the number of elements in the array.
convert a string to a long.
returns a list of the top n values in the dataset.
calculates the score of the outlinks in the given page.
closes the current graphics and appends it to the current graphics list.
browse to a file.
appends a character sequence to the text.
instantiates a new eip wizard initial object creation page.
unwrap data from the input stream.
returns true if the specified attribute is specified.
checks the current user's permission.
stores the password in the shared state.
deletes a child policy node.
float value of a bigdecimal.
waits for the process to terminate and returns the result.
refresh inherited methods of this metaclass.
set the canceled flag to false.
change the state of the annotation document.
removes an edge from the graph.
called when a long key is pressed.
returns true if this node has a descendant with the given pattern.
writes a number of bytes to a file.
generate data files from the resource bundle.
returns true if the given object is a cglib proxy.
calculates the image indents.
tests fix for bug # 10630 - jdbcconnectionwithprops ( ).
returns true if the two fields are equal.
adds an annotation to the front of the list.
adds a frame to the animation.
prints a codepoint to a string.
cleans up the minidump file.
closes the outbound connection.
extracts a thumbnail from a bitmap.
writes the package info to the contents directory.
returns an array containing all events in this list.
decodes the pkcs # 1 encoding from the derinputstream.
process a prefix list.
returns a copy of this resultset.
dumps the given value into the given stringbuffer.
type special char.
checks if two objects are equal.
returns true if the given mime type is present in the map.
skips the given notifications starting at the given startid.
writes the data for the given object to pdxwriter.
writes a byte to the given buffer.
returns true if the queue is empty.
creates a new viterbipoint with the given item.
paints the bottom edge of the content border.
emits a field name for a list add.
parses a pem string into a key.
creates a new parallelpublisher using the given source, ordered, and parallelism.
returns the next run in the recurrence.
adds a variable to the queue.
canonicalizes the given simple url.
read a file from the file system.
calculates the duration of the animation.
computes the norm of a vector.
determines the height of this view.
inserts the specified byte at the specified position.
calculates the mean of a vector.
creates a new sprite.
closes the output stream.
creates a synctoken from a date string and uuid.
returns true if both objects are null, false otherwise.
initializes the flagz client.
closes an inputstream without throwing an exception.
java. util. random # nextdouble ( double value ) method testing.
replaces all occurrences of oldchar with newstr.
creates a new form object.
canonicalizes the union of this type declaration.
opens an activity with the given url with the given intent.
waits for all active and live replicas in zookeeper.
adds the specified element to the end of this list.
checks if the copy name is set.
splits a file into a list of name / value pairs.
returns true if taxa is compatible with availabletaxa.
draws the text for a label.
returns true if there is a map object.
perform all actions.
returns a collection of objects representing the thread roots for the current thread.
adds a field translation to the embeddable mapping.
returns the minimum size of this layout for the specified target container.
checks if a resource has changed.
create a tel url from a uri.
creates a new instance.
restarts the singelton engine.
creates a new sorter.
returns a string representation of the character.
PDF of the probability density function of the distribution.
generates a format for the given codec.
writes a single comment.
returns the maximum element of this stream according to the provided key extractor function.
returns the first object in the list that has the specified commit counter.
starts the animation.
returns the exception stack trace as a string.
splits a variable name into two strings.
called when a child thread ends.
registers the transport protocol monitor for the given container.
updates the table with the given parameters.
stops the video fading edges screen timer.
removes a timeout event listener.
process the generic properties from the properties file.
adds an object to the table lock map.
returns a random element in the list.
updates the given mapping to an immutable set.
joins the given async invocation with the given timeout.
define a local variable.
opens a connection to the data source.
called when an error occurs.
called when a mouse button has been pressed on a component.
decodes the given string using the given flags.
apply a function to an object.
returns a set of all keys in this map.
prints the contents of the given list to the given writer.
modifies an array of integers.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
appends the hex representation of the given character to the given string builder.
prints the bootstrap map.
converts an enumeration describing the available options to a vector.
adds a token to the list of tokens.
creates a predicate for a large value sets.
adds the tags to the builder.
loads the build number from the package manager.
build a random left regular bipartite graph.
adds all descendants of this item to the given list of views.
configures the url request.
convert an integer to a title string.
read an escape character from the input stream.
processes the given input file and writes it to the given output file.
instantiates a new replicator runtime conf.
converts a double to a local number.
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
converts a list of longs into an array of longs.
updates the state of the menu.
run putgetremove ( ) method testing.
formats a list of strings to a string.
removes a notification listener from the snmp adaptor.
ucumm product of a and c.
expands a list of modulespecs into a list of modulespecs.
report the contents of a list of processerrorstateinfo objects.
getissuernames ( ) method testing.
start the kinesis stream.
creates a new xa data source.
convert a double to degrees.
adds a header view.
check if the given system id is absolute.
initialize demand and collection map.
get an instance specifier by its index.
creates a new shaped crafting recipe.
write a tag with the given font value.
writes bytes to the output stream.
connects to the given host and port.
called when a batch of instances has finished.
configures the http client.
parses the given file.
creates a new test suite.
loads the given object from the given element.
creates an omimageicon with the given values.
starts dequeueing all resources in the queue.
this method is called when a bound property is changed.
asserts that two objects are equal.
returns a string representation of the flag names.
formats the given object into a sql string.
appends the current indent level to the indent level.
adds a fake view to the view list.
compiles a list of projects.
prints the contact information to the panel.
resolves the promise with the given result.
adjusts the name and position of the given node.
create a new unity snapshot.
saves the configuration to a file.
returns the number of elements in the list that match the given delimiter.
builds the uri for the url.
disposes the given surface.
writes the kanji resource file.
creates a new scanner exception with the specified error messages.
renders the normals of the cube.
looks for resources of the given type.
calculates the y - value of all entries in the list.
decrements the ledger by the given amount.
returns the number of nodes in the list.
find a tcp connection by thread id.
estimate a number of uniform distributions.
reads a repository meta data from the given stream.
determines whether the given xml datatype is a primitive datatype.
appends a line to the end of the list.
this method is called after the database has been created.
returns true if the set contains the node s.
persists a new temp file.
adds the given byte array to the write set.
loads the given unit to the deployment.
process a worker exit.
writes the compressed data to the output stream.
frees the given object.
returns true if the given binding exists in the given injector.
creates an internal service.
check the index of a directory.
creates a new taggedoutputstream.
builds a list of messages.
stores short value into local variable.
returns a hash of the given byte array.
creates a new fsm from the given url.
adds a key / value pair to the map.
makes this object immutable.
tries to find the library with the given name.
removes a component update listener.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns true if the given text is null or empty.
asserts that the given message is a valid encoded message.
returns true if the given term is indexable.
send an input stream to the server.
decodes a base64 encoded string.
waits for a shutdown signal.
adds a connection to the list of connections.
computes the distance between this point and the given point.
convert a string to an integer.
adds an item to the chain.
updates the state view.
run the event loop.
returns a list of all files in the cache directory.
instantiates a new dialogue recorder.
generates a unique future id.
reschedules the missed alarms.
adds the given name to the list of names.
perform an asynchronous min operation.
changes the current state to the given new state.
returns a string representation of the given date.
adds a new test to the list.
swaps two elements in the list.
builds the ipt data.
performs a closure, ensuring that all elements in the stream are closed before this closure returns.
checks if the given string matches the given patterns.
adds a server to the list of groups.
adds a leaf to the tree.
returns a string representation of the given time stamp.
sets the request content length.
draws the glow to the given canvas.
perform an asynchronous lun modify operation.
replaces all occurrences of the specified character sequence with the specified replacement.
deletes the contents of the directory.
returns true if the given concept is similar to this concept.
tracks a google analytics tracker.
adds the given tuple to the list of tuples.
add a song to the list of songs.
query the children of a named element.
emits a map put method.
returns true if the specified object is equal to this object.
returns a string representation of this show.
parses the event text into a list of events.
removes the specified listener from the list of listeners.
replaces the string at the specified positions in this builder.
adds a permission to a file.
runs the timeout task.
learns a new entity.
returns true if the given signature is a valid type signature.
remainder of remainder of a negative number.
returns true if all the children of the given group are visible.
checks that the given type snippet has at least the given number of arguments.
randomizes the incoming weights.
save pixels in a file as an image.
checks if a file is valid.
removes a class from the list of src classes.
updates the minimum and maximum values.
closes the current token with the given bracket.
appends an array of bytes.
check if there is enough space on the phone.
called when the cancel button is pressed.
adds the specified attribute to the list of attributes.
convert a string to a string.
returns a string representation of this object.
record a dialogue state.
write a portion of a char sequence.
creates a new wps connection.
verifies that the zip file is valid.
prunes all idle connections and returns the duration.
creates a new instance of stateinfo.
compares two objects.
generates a random device seed.
returns true if we need to check if we need to exclude the exclude.
decodes a hex string into a byte array.
creates a list of user namespace authorizations from a list of user namespace authorization entities.
reads the header from the header.
draws the text at the given coordinates.
compares two percent objects.
returns a clone of this node.
returns true if point p is outside pref size.
adds a source folder.
returns a workflow method that suspends a srdf group.
calculates the m - value for the given delta.
creates a server socket with the specified port and bind address.
prints a byte array.
delete a native resource.
finds the index of the key in the list of comments that start with the given key.
returns true if the cookie has expired.
check if add - to - home intent is supported.
creates a new instance of this class.
creates a new classannotator with the given codebase.
returns the next value in the generator.
put a connection into the cache.
parses a title string.
returns the current selection.
calculates the excitatory ratio.
called when a root is removed from the repository.
inserts the specified data into the priority queue.
instantiates a new message.
wrap the linux command into a single string.
parses a sql query into a dml query.
returns the index of the given element in the given level array.
returns the number of attributes.
consumes a tag name from the queue.
sorts the tree using the given feature sequence.
removes all listeners from the list.
decrypts the given cipher text.
calculates the l - norm of a vector.
recursively add clusters to hull.
called when an attribute has been updated.
decode the given data to a file.
evicts all entries from the pool.
generates a random population of the given size.
creates a new session.
returns a list of dados.
asserts that all from tbl1 values are equal.
appends a character to this writer.
inserts all the instructions in the given list before the given instruction.
creates a new instance of the builder.
returns the number of elements in the array.
this method is called when the product is unprocessed.
pop an array of values from the top of this stack.
prints a frame number to the target.
delete the attribute value.
push an attribute set onto the stack.
finish the scroll stacks.
adds a range that is unbounded from the given value.
sends the response to the http servlet.
replaces all occurrences of a character in a string with a new character.
returns the text matched by this scanner.
canonicalizes the given path using the given prefix.
creates a new in memory exchange store.
calls next ( ) on the current thread.
draws a bitmap with a stroke.
returns the mqtt device.
start collecting locks.
reads an object override from the input stream.
convert pixels to meters.
adds a character to the buffer.
computes the length of a vector.
creates a distributed cache.
creates a new attribute list panel.
this class should not be instantiated.
removes the given photo from the list of photos.
binary search for the given value in the specified range of the array.
computes the best score for a read.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list in proper sequence.
adds the given failure to the list of failures.
dumps the current state of the stack.
creates a set of categories from a set of strings.
loads the listener for the given server key.
uploads a file to the ftp server.
creates a new ssl instance for the given socket.
formats a node into a string.
unregisters the given mbean interface.
writes the contents of this exifimage to a jpeg stream.
sorts the objects according to the specified comparator.
returns true if the disk is caused by a region destroyed exception.
adds a string value to the array.
creates a new instance of magicvariablesargumentsbundle.
sets up the camera parameters.
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns them as a list.
convert a date string to a date object.
creates a dom document from an input stream.
returns a string representation of this object.
resets the count of messages.
schedules a task at a fixed rate.
decodes the realm attribute value.
copy the assets file to the given file.
checks if two housenumbers are the same.
returns the next value up to the given value.
returns the three - way distance between two keys.
discards whitespace from the given data.
creates a new asyncselector.
removes the child at the given index.
splits two texts using bisect split.
paints the specified painter with the specified transform.
load a directory and its sub - directories.
returns true if the throwable is suppressed by the given class.
write a variable length long.
updates the digest with the given byte.
writes the contents of this queue to a stream.
check if the initiator is a rp initiator.
returns a collection of supported message objects.
reads a configuration file from the given path.
associates the specified value with the specified key in this object with the specified key.
combines the last read results from multiple reads.
returns true if the device is a retina device.
prints a string representation of an object.
creates a new activityresolveinfo object.
[ < rn >, + / - < rm >, lsr # < shift_
appends the end of the formals list.
returns true if the current position is a seperator.
extracts the project name from the uri.
adds a reference to the set of references.
resets the notes to their initial state.
adds a property to the list of required properties.
detects and adds a hit to the pattern.
creates a new head rule.
or for two positive numbers ; the first is shorter.
submits a task to the queue.
subtract two numbers of different scales using mathcontext.
allocates an xsqlda for the given row descriptor.
overwrites the given value in the given vector with the given value.
returns true if the string is empty.
add a scroll listener.
tries to get the callbacks from the list of callbacks.
starts the update memory used.
translates a java2d point.
updates the traffic projections.
log a stack trace at the given level.
reads a single character from this reader and writes it to the branch.
decodes a short value into a string.
draws the background of the gauge.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
adds the given layouteditor to the list of panels.
triggers the wildcard expander.
create a host ip interface.
collects all edit proposals applicable to the selected view.
constructs a new extension query.
ensures that the specified namespace exists.
creates a new map with the same mappings as this map.
test the filtered classifier.
returns the first character of the given string.
chooses a random index based on the given proportion array.
check the width of the page.
group siblings of a list of components.
count non - newline characters in a string.
converts a span to a sparse grid.
compares two zonerules for equality.
returns a description of this entry.
adds the given signer role to the list of signers claimed to be claimed.
write a map to a stream.
sleeps for the specified number of milliseconds.
restores the previous out and err streams.
creates a crt from a list of congs and moduli.
determines the height of this view.
puts a byte array into this byte vector.
waits for a task completion.
creates a new action with the given content and priority.
finds all the islands that are surrounding the given chunk.
insert function2 into bytebuffer.
calculates the gap between two rectangles.
moves to the next tile.
returns true if there is a myomer booster.
checks if an intent is available for the given action.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # wrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs, int
sends a connect request to the server.
returns true if the certificate is self - signed.
this method calls proc insertuserroles and inserts a record in the database.
computes the set of words nearest to the given start words.
creates a new derutc object.
adds a new category, titles and values to the list of categories and values.
rewinds the current set of options to the current value.
merges a list of intervals into one list.
formats the given type.
calculates the sha - 1 hash of the given key store.
pans the domain axes in the specified pan range.
this method initializes the finish controllers.
creates an icon label for the given check box.
closes the current window.
deletes an entry from the keystore.
creates a new disjoint set with the specified number of elements.
prints the clusters to the given print writer.
adds a command to the given gui.
removes the value at the specified index.
creates a tokenstream from the given content.
check the trace of a polyline.
deletes the given file or folder.
expands the given array to the given buffer size.
encodes a double value using the specified number of bits.
skips bytes from the input stream.
creates and deletes the lock file.
handles save profile request.
returns the value associated with the specified key.
handle a swfloadedevent.
quick reply to the popup.
write a byte array to the file.
returns true if the configuration has changed.
fixes the compatibility between the two views.
binds a list of local addresses.
substitutes the header of a callback.
creates a new service with the specified timetable.
removes the specified object from the list.
sets the allowed users predicate.
finds the distributed device with the given name.
reads a copystate from the input stream.
notify all tasks that have been completed.
creates a new requestparams object with the given keys and values.
confirms an overwrite of a file.
instantiates a new tv show update datasource task.
finds the last line that starts at the given offset.
clears the list of sensor objects.
creates a new non movable array of the given type and length.
recursively load a file recursively.
assure the proxy is ok.
adds a message to the end of the list.
creates a new key with the given hash.
concatenates the given array of ints into a single int array.
returns the road permission for the given iosm way.
reads a number of bytes from the input stream.
returns the size of a chunk.
returns the tip text for this property.
joins the dataobjects with the given alias with the given ids.
closes the file.
show a list of interfaces.
clears the data lists for the given service.
make an edge between two vertices.
sort a list of strings.
associate the specified value with the specified key.
lists all files in the given subdirectory of the given directory.
returns a path for an edge with the given width and height.
dispose of this object.
tests the scenario with the given configuration.
creates the reserve disk cache directory.
returns true if the given resource has been called.
calls the super method and reads the contents of this entry from the specified input stream.
creates a new instance of objidmap.
adds an or clause to the criteria.
creates a new failover connection pool.
creates a new formatted string with the default locale.
this method initializes the cause of a throwable.
creates a new messagepropertykey with the given description and ordinal.
adds a waiter to the queue.
asserts that the given set of strings is bounded.
paints the border of the specified component.
restores a line by line input operator.
reads a class from the given inputstream.
returns true if the given hci is supported by the server.
creates a new instance.
converts the chart to a screen shape.
adds the given window to the list of windows to be closed.
creates a new instance of performancelogger.
authenticates a list of discoveries.
constructs a hash from a hex string.
tries to find the longest common prefix and suffix of the longtext.
returns true if the given pin is a run number.
returns the type of the given uri.
adds a glue to the given jb.
returns true if the string is a resource reference.
waits until this node leaves the zoo.
returns an enumeration describing the members of this principal.
adds a property with the given as - provided name.
adds an interface to the constant pool.
cut a string from the first index of a string.
gets the data from the registry.
iterator ( ) method testing.
initializes the current user.
invokes the finalize method on the given object.
removes the tv show.
check the encrypt policy.
returns true if the given object is an instance of the given class.
inserts the specified element at the specified location in this list.
calculates the response age.
returns the index of the first element in an array.
invalidate all switch points.
creates a new vdcconfig object from the passed properties.
creates a new osx proxy object.
computes the prediction for the given instance.
this method is called to finish the wizard.
returns true if the attachment point is valid for the given switch port.
fire a cluster change.
creates a new batchedimagerequest.
returns the rgb value for the given pixel.
checks if the given char array is valid for a carry.
adds a bottom component to the bottom panel.
deletes a set of directory files.
creates a temporary directory.
emits a init statement.
reads the cookie name from the request header.
merges this repository with another one.
translates a string to a byte array.
creates a byte array for a preview of the given size.
adds a box at the specified position.
creates a new position at the given offset.
pads the given string with the given number of padding characters.
resets fsref and invdtx to null.
add an activity listener.
adds a username to the database.
parses the network response and returns a bitmap object.
set the cursor to the left and right of the componentorientation.
returns true if the list is empty.
closes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
instantiates a new parcelableadapter instance.
generates a random number of bytes from the given array.
draws the low far - out rectangle.
returns true if this class is a java library class.
returns a set of object names from a set of namedobjects.
checks if the touch slop of the given view is valid.
create an end point element.
returns a string representation of this object.
test where each comparison locks multiple resources.
called when the start of an element is encountered.
returns a copy of the buffer as a byte array.
converts a string to a calendar.
converts a bitmap to a byte array.
save a template to a file.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
adds a composite node to this node.
post process flood. adds water and pavement terrains to the field.
expands a 2 - digit string into a single digit number.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified character in the specified buffer at the specified offset
creates a new factory.
returns true if the frontier is empty.
returns true if the attribute selection panel is enabled.
returns the variance of the given array.
stashes the user in the database.
send a list of locations to the server.
serializes a text node.
returns true if the visual position is inside the soft wrap.
returns true if the world is valid.
removes all of the elements from this list.
returns the next position in the list.
grows a prio at the current position.
flushes the buffer to the given offset.
generates the label for a section.
remove a graph listener.
fades in the view.
executes a command with the given description.
increments the text at the specified offset.
creates a serviceconfiguration from an input stream.
splits the given sentence into words.
returns true if the list of actions is empty.
adds a string to the dictionary.
returns a deep copy of the given array.
checks if the given identifier is a tag.
wait for a message to arrive.
creates a new date object.
copies the contents of the given file to the given destination.
creates a new mapobjects object.
read a number of bytes from the input stream.
encodes the given string using the default character set.
tests comparison of number of attributes.
constructs a new in space predicate.
deletes a file or directory.
prepares the sort key statements.
returns a string representation of the experimenter.
prints the magnitudes of the system.
creates a curator framework client.
adds a description to a cv panel.
reads characters until the end of the string is reached.
converts the from attribute set to the to attribute set.
closes this input stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
updates the total amount.
test creation of unique attributes.
evaluate the expression and return the result.
reads dex data from the given file.
adds an animatorupdatelistener to the list of listeners that will be notified about changes in the
run a commercial with the given stream and length.
adds a sub - tree to this node.
generate a while statement.
returns the igamma function of the igamma function.
initialize the active slots list.
convert action type to intent string.
hides a hidden key.
removes the mqtt token from the data.
returns true if the given array of types is an explicit type.
reads until the specified delimiter is found.
creates a new instance of config.
returns true if this node is a leaf.
returns true if the given character sequence is valid.
interrupts the given thread.
writes the attributes of this attribute set to a stream.
creates a border layout container for the east border of the given component.
puts all events in the cache.
load the layout from the given file.
track a file to the tracker.
converts the separators of a path to a unix string.
returns true if the parameter with the given name exists.
adds the given window id to the list of windows for free.
returns true if the given identifier is a valid sq identifier.
sorts the specified list using the specified comparator.
writes the commit time to the journal.
returns true if the append task name is set.
convert a string to a string.
makes a random entry from the given byte array.
returns the maximum value in the array.
returns true if the line is a start element.
reads a 64 - bit long from the stream.
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
extracts the access key from a s3 uri.
perform a transaction on the given database.
adds a boolean value to the list.
copies the contents of the specified source object to the specified destination object, except for the specified element
creates a new site monitor.
returns a set containing the union of the two ips.
returns the vertex with the given id.
adds a value to the atomic and returns the new value.
start the mon server.
returns the norm of this vector.
computes the p ( p ( y, ypred [ ], ypred [ ] )
writes an entry to the stream.
creates a new closeable animated bitmap.
reads the label file from the xwaves labelfile.
adds the given converter to this converter set.
parses the xml document.
truncates a map to a new one.
dump the spatial index file.
compares the given jdiff parameter with the given type.
generate a random number.
escapes json characters in the given text.
writes the contents of this buffer to the given output stream.
checks the headings hierarchy.
returns an iterator over the elements in this list.
called when a mouse wheel is moved.
asserts that the given query parameters are equal.
returns true if this imf is equivalent to another imf.
load the workspace screens database.
renders the output of the node to the writer.
returns a string representation of the given string.
multiply this matrix by the given scale values.
change the state of the link.
returns a buffer that contains the segments of the given geometry, with the given distance.
record the end time of the request.
returns true if the user is accessible to kibana.
removes all of the mappings from this map.
returns the index of the given type in the list of primitive types.
load the xml from the given file.
returns a string representation of the given parameter.
calculates the grid widths and heights for the text.
flushes this journal to disk.
expands the shared names in the shared array.
adds a request property.
updates the member's address.
checks if is org level only.
returns the decremented as runnable.
this method is called when an action is executed.
serializes the given object to a byte array.
returns the module pointer for the given module name.
adds a certstore to the list of cert stores.
instantiates a new nar class loader.
returns the current block.
substitutes the given types with the given substitution.
check if the motion is scrolling.
tests whether a single filter is correctly merged into a document with the same filter.
creates a new edge with the given src symbol and dest symbol.
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack.
creates an extended text label.
returns a string with the given length padded to the right.
returns true if the given feature is supported by the given version.
removes all of the mappings from this map.
read a quoted descriptor from a substring reader.
returns a csv string representation of the classifier.
subtract two numbers of different signs.
assigns an id value to a data object.
writes a swapped integer to the given output stream.
returns true if the connection is open.
perform a search for a partial list.
returns a string representation of the soap element.
closes the output stream and deletes the lock file.
initializes the camera manager if it hasn't been initialized yet.
returns true if the two objects are equal.
write a boolean to the output stream.
train from a set of file names.
tests finding spring open ldap with a limit.
creates a new instance of printfformat with the default locale.
returns the pythag distance between two points.
writes a 32 bit integer to the given output stream.
queue a cube load.
returns true if the object is available from and to.
called when a button is clicked.
returns the largest message id.
removes a change listener.
returns a copy of the current request log.
decodes a url encoded string.
test of gettables method, of class testresultset.
adds the specified collection at the end of the array.
resets the current file list.
initializes the state of the composition.
creates the tool bars.
parses a date value.
creates a new regular expression filter.
executes a query and returns the result set.
write a byte array to the output stream.
encodes the given string using the url encoding.
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation.
parses a string as a float.
creates a new instance of the given class using the default implementation.
request a password for the user via link.
force all junk to be out of memory.
adds an entry to the cache.
scales the enlargement of two spatial comparables by the given scale.
computes the intersection of this clip and the specified rectangle.
returns true if this object can be used as an integer.
adds a condition to the queue.
clears the internal state of this object.
strips the banned codeunits from the given string.
asserts that two strings are equal.
prints a warning message.
returns a full form of the given string.
clears the password expiration warned time.
strips the language, country, variant from the locale.
appends a time zone to the buffer.
removes all listeners from this bean.
pads the given string to the left of the given number of characters.
show the scores dialog.
writes the specified character sequence to the specified file using the default character encoding.
computes the kernel value for a given number of characters.
creates a new h2 connection.
emits a clear field.
start the recoarding.
adds an input method listener.
adds a fixed view to the adapter.
loads the user class from the given url.
adds a new document to the output.
adds a command to the map.
write the auto increment statement.
adds the pusher app id and base file id to the shared preferences.
writes the block light.
executes the query and returns the result.
returns the next token matching the given pattern.
adds a new duration to the duration list.
paints the background of the control.
adds default values for an attribute to the service schema.
encodes the product identifier into a string.
returns true if metadata has been modified since the last publication.
set the value of resource dirs.
make a genericstype from a class node.
push an import url onto the import stack.
returns a string representation of the given results.
sorts the test tree.
adds a collection of events to an array.
adds a marker with the given name and thread id.
replaces all occurrences of a with b.
reflect the member variables in the final button.
wsptypedecoder test.
removes all actions and constraints from the list.
checks if the given file is writable.
creates a new instance of publishingpriority.
validates the relying party.
rotates the z axis by the given angle.
start a factory for the given service.
wakes the pipe from the queue.
calculates the number of columns of a character.
creates a new optional with the given value.
instantiates a new kafkamessagelistenercontainer.
deletes an entry from the keystore.
returns a string representation of the given matcher.
translates this line by p_vector.
rejects the given command.
calculates the margin of the menu.
adds a pending ram to the queue.
creates a list of colors for the given resources.
test configuration file property.
generates the salt bytes.
adds a listener to be notified about changes in the project.
select the next tuple expression.
write a bcd number to an output stream.
adds a message to the history.
starts the executor for the given container.
convert a string to a date.
accept a reporter.
loads the latest versions of the extensions in the registry.
this method is called when a new node is created.
clearbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
compareto ( bigdecimal a ).
reads a single character from the stream.
cancels the auto completion.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
sets the client service proxy host name.
verifies that all setter methods are set.
removes and returns the element at the tail of the queue.
returns a random number between whole and decimal.
resets the text box indexes except the given set of excluded text boxes.
learns a new entity.
returns the level zero data.
show the version of the device.
count the number of times the given character matches the given character.
adds the given color to the given imageicon.
reads all bytes from the input stream and returns them as a byte array.
searches for the target string starting with the given string.
validate the rebalance order of all cache configurations.
executes the player and starts the loop.
removes the given environment variable.
calculates the score threshold based on the score threshold.
returns the last scope in the stack.
issigned ( int ) method testing.
returns the index of the last separator in the filename.
check if a point is inside a view.
unrolls the type arguments in the given bounds.
deletes the quota with the given id.
creates a basic auth header.
adds an entry to the extent model.
check if the cache exists.
reads the xml file.
returns true if all permissions are granted.
executes the given event.
send the next message over network.
adds the given field to the list of attributes that should be used as an attribute for this
returns true if the given token is a session token.
computes the root means squared error.
export the data to a bytebuffer.
create acc detail map.
rotates the right subtree of the given tree.
updates the radio links.
updates the statistics for the given value.
draws the series at the specified index.
checks a class signature.
select a cardlet aid from the fidesmo aid table.
adds a root entry to the list of entries.
create a source from a url.
tests whether a single servlet is correctly merged into a document with another servlet.
extracts a re from the union of the terms.
called when the finalizers are exited.
adds a search result.
registers a quick fix for a batch.
creates the file for the given entry.
runs the test case.
start a document with the given locator.
dumps the contents of the window hierarchy.
registers a rule changes observer.
send update heartbeats to local service.
serializes the message to the output stream.
creates a new sslengine object.
creates a new get buffered random access source.
creates a new program argument parser.
setbit ( int n ) of a positive number.
saves a model to a file.
sorts the spans and collapses the spans.
split a range of dbids randomly.
returns the path with the given prefix.
publish the message to the mqtt client.
removes an element from the list of children.
concats two streams into one.
compares two strings for equality.
sets the force auth flag.
fetch a user from the server.
this method is called when the service is stopped.
pushes a message onto the stack.
writes a byte array to a characteristic.
returns the link for a message.
reads the contents of the given file and transforms them using the given transformer.
removes the given element from the list.
send a stream of bytes to the server.
sorts the broker items according to the given sort type.
returns true if the entity needs to be escaped.
updates the path constraints for the given chromosome.
tests that a journal has one index with no data.
returns true if the given loader is a griddeploymentinfo.
removes all sub trailers from a decoded subject.
returns the next source from the input stream.
convert a bitmap to a byte array.
inflates the given name using the gprefix.
adds a warning handler.
prints a string to the stream, encoded as utf - 8.
writes an attribute value.
convert namingattributes to syntaxdef2 syntaxdesc.
writes the contents of the buffer to the socket.
skip a member value.
recursively joins all nested streams of the given event bean.
generates the minimal mat for a matrix.
take a request from the queue.
converts the location of the cell to a column.
finds all files in the given directory that match the given filter.
generate the drop table name.
registers all child listeners.
returns true if the scroll is out of bounds.
reduces the instructions in the stack.
returns true if this node is locked locally.
tries to move the current position to the given delta y.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
deletes the left word.
returns the cumulative density function of the distribution.
reads data from a file continuously.
generates the native guid for storage port from the given source instance system name and port network id.
returns true if the given paths are contiguous.
creates a new faststringreader.
adds a field to the query.
returns a string representation of the current date.
initializes the stream buffer size.
registers a sensor with the sensor manager.
converts a string to a number, using the given defaultvalueprovider.
sample the value of the counter.
apply the given replacement to the given json object.
creates a new key impl.
returns a string representation of the relation.
process a list of packages.
checks if the current time is within the specified direction.
parses the given path.
record a variable declaration.
read the dont verify file.
returns true if the given media type is supported.
export the dependencies of the given jcas to a file.
fix the83600 signature.
check if network is available.
returns a random regexpish string.
creates and returns a list of expected partition value entities.
returns a string representation of this object.
creates a new instance of lowmemorywatcher.
write the message to the data output.
extracts a softreference from an object.
formats a long to a string.
removes the given component from the list of contributed components.
copies the contents of this file to the given output stream.
writes a portion of an array of bytes.
asserts that the backup status is valid.
this method is called when a metadata error occurs.
checks that the current state is one of the given states.
sorts the list of movies.
creates a new keyvaluelistparser.
poll the stats broker for the given destination.
make a file acceptable.
returns true if the edge intersects the given cell boundary.
updates the contents of the overlay.
returns the type name for the given type reference.
creates a new state machine.
disposes this object, releasing any resources associated with it.
this method is used to convert the object value given to an appropriate representation.
returns a path for the right side of a triangle.
find a terminal by its name.
creates a new layout block.
modifies the options with the given values.
escapes the given regular expression.
constructs a new buffer containing the contents of the specified string.
updates the visibility of the promo.
constructs a valuegeometry with the given bytes and geometry.
flushes the new pts map and flushes the new pts map.
check if the file exists.
adds all statements to the list of statements that are common to this entity.
shows the gui for the given image.
this method will be called when the framework is initialized.
walks the file tree and returns the path.
performs a baseline layout.
read an int value from the json array.
adds a propertychangelistener to the listener list.
removes a preference from the list of dependents.
validates the storage policy selection.
returns a string representation of this node.
converts a collection to an object array.
returns a gradleexception for the given list of problems.
label the distances of the given hypergraph to the given root.
returns the position of the line.
adds a frequency to the frequency list.
parses a header element.
returns a list of intervals that overlap the given interval.
returns true if the string starts with the verb gerund.
called when an error occurs.
creates a json request with the given headers and uri.
runs the test case.
downloads the tlog files.
reads the file attributes for a given file handle.
adds all participants to the replay.
create a checkbox with buttons and action listener.
assigns the probability of all instances of the given numbervectors to the given instances.
converts uri value to string.
creates a new kernel with the given values.
initialize the work list.
this method is called before the model is linked to a union.
adds a file to the command line.
called when a tree is expanded.
returns true if the specified object is in the source.
returns true if v1 is equal to v2.
called when a connection has failed to close the url connection.
called when a schema complex type is encountered.
pushes an annotators ref onto the stack.
returns the version number of the server.
sequence a query.
expunge stale entries from the table.
returns the rest of a list.
creates a list of ranges from the given array of integers.
closes all windows.
find and undo a map bean.
recalculates the estimated completion date.
adds a document type.
returns true if the given table exists in the database.
runs the test case.
find the next token in the token array.
performs all tasks in the specified gl.
computes the hpd between the given proportion and x.
checks if the given directories exist in the disk store.
adds a port to the already allocated context.
convert to utf - 8.
writes a list of longs.
returns true if the attribute is defined.
show the preloading stage.
removes all of the elements from this queue.
removes the specified key from this map.
test copy of a stream with a full block.
runs the test case.
converts an ip address string to a byte array.
reply a message to the server.
adds the hawkular tenant and authorization headers to the url connection.
adds a long selection listener.
prints a newline to the output stream.
returns a string representation of the capabilities.
creates a new debug object.
alters the case of the given string.
returns true if ack is required.
returns a string representation of this element.
adds a reporter to the list.
draws the selection rectangle.
creates a new conversionexception with the specified throwable as a cause and source of error message.
returns true if the initiator has connectivity to all storage systems.
constructs a derivation from a marked node.
plus for a positive bigdecimal.
test negative number of radix 24.
convert an or expression to a c.
displays the given panel in the window.
creates a new json reader.
compresses the binary standard output.
adds a tokenizer to the builder.
computes the azimuth label offset.
adds a resource bundle to the list of defaults.
called when the display has changed.
extracts the methods from the given class.
update the server address.
removes the item at the specified position from the list.
returns a random enemy.
returns true if the block is a valid route to the destination.
sorts the given storage pools according to the port metrics.
add a collection of overlays to the group.
creates a resource for the given path.
returns true if the current version is older than leopard.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
escapes the xml content of a string.
feeds the forward activations forward to the activations.
finds the file with the given name in the given directory.
compares the results of a control client with a cloud client.
gets the list of elements in the xpath expression.
create a clcontext from the current gl.
collapses all rows in the tree.
queues cape replacement for a client.
removes a vetoable change listener.
creates a new stream throughput.
parses the command line arguments.
edits a bookmark.
convert from utf - 32 to utf - 32.
creates the bounds of the widget.
record a pattern in a bit array.
finds a method with a list of parameters.
returns the first illegal character in the given string.
decodes a byte buffer into a character buffer.
this method is called when a new fast clock is started.
adds a creature to the list of respawn points.
load org access role from database.
java. io. json. jsonparser # parsebytes ( byte [ ] src, int offset
generates a certificate from an inputstream.
returns a string representation of the given value.
generates the rolling periods.
returns the counter for the given key.
adds a message to a uri.
runs the test case.
sets the mode of the engine.
removes stale entries from the list.
this method is called when a resource has been added to the project.
support for reporting bound property changes for beancontext child support.
this method is called when a full backup is received.
removes a tab from the list of connections.
paints a range of rings.
convert separators to windows.
translates the input to a string and appends it to the output buffer.
optimizes the trie by removing gaps from the original trie.
installs the after listener.
try to shut down the connection.
creates a new storage entity with the given attributes.
display an info line.
formats the console using the specified format string and arguments.
java. security. signer. signerstub # signerstringidentityscope ( java. security. string
invokes a static method.
creates a new instance with the given pattern, case sensitive and confidence.
removes the first loop in the graph and disables the loop.
binds an item to the data bound view holder.
add two negative numbers of the same length.
adds a new value to the end of the list.
returns a date with the specified number of days before the specified date.
returns the number of entries in the cache.
calls the super method and writes the conservative approximation of this entry to the specified
put the given data into the heap.
override paint ( graphicsg ) to paint the cell.
adds a field to the spring.
called when a track point is starting.
combines a list of byte arrays into a single byte array.
commits the given resources to the team.
returns true if the grid can be spawned, false otherwise.
compares two id objects for equality.
returns true if the player ident and compareto are identical.
adds a name / value pair to the list of names and values.
returns a string representation of this object without the header.
returns true if the given value is always null.
removes the item at the specified position.
creates a new instance with the specified name.
returns true if the gesture was consumed.
initialize a list of neurons in the given layer.
calculates the angle of a coordinate.
fire a neuron moved event.
creates an x509certificate from a byte array.
handle a selection change.
parses the terms ack data.
formats the given string using the given parameters.
sets the server name.
executes a count query.
derives the confidence value from the record count.
adds a solr parameter to the request.
create a data source from an input stream.
converts a string to a calendar object.
adds a limitline to the end of the list.
read data from the input stream.
read a number of bytes from the buffer.
inflates the contents of the previous array into the result array.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this queue, in proper sequence.
adds a list of legends to the canvas.
fetches the metadata for the given table.
returns a string representation of this object.
reads a portion of an array of bytes.
flushes the log records.
creates page creator buttons.
and for two positive numbers ; the first is longer.
creates a new device specific workflow for the initiators.
compares two percent objects.
converts a key to an edge uri.
read a short from the dex file.
loads all projects from the database.
syllabify a phone string.
removes the node from the frontier.
returns true if the path is a file.
compares this instance with the specified object.
creates a new instance of zookeeper embedded with the given port.
constructs a new basic condition.
reads a set of stopwords from the given path.
returns a string representation of this article.
marks the barrier as broken.
returns a new list with the given points filtered by the tolerance.
send a log event to all registered listeners.
writes the stack traces of the given throwable to the given stream.
builds a new distributedlogmultistreamwriter.
converts a number to a string.
instantiates a new image element.
creates a new threadregisters object.
sets the configuration parameters for the launcher.
returns true if the button has been triggered.
inserts all of the elements in the specified array into this list, starting at the specified position
calculates the score for a given number of play counts.
removes a scanning callback.
paints a rectangle on the given graphics object.
sample the current value.
returns true if the given row is a page break.
shuts down the executor service.
returns true if the character is a proposition symbol identifier.
prints the matrix to standard output.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified string in this string string.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
converts an array of ints to a string.
truncs the given string to the given length.
removes all transactions from the wallet.
loads the groovy script from the given arguments.
cleans the dirty region.
creates a new sort.
returns true if the task was successfully completed.
starts a locating phone.
deletes the resource configuration file.
creates a new bus movement.
removes the next entry from the list of usage dates.
creates the gui for the panel.
generate a random float between two limits.
creates a new instance.
adds a tracer to the list of tracers.
grows the internal array.
damage the current value to the given value.
tests the case where the region is empty.
creates a new graph.
trims the api version from the version string.
query the skus for an inventory.
this method is called when an incoming object is received.
read a file as a string using the specified encoding.
constructs a new em bayesim editor with the given em bayesim wrapper.
save data to disk.
write a map to an xmlserializer.
returns true if the given index needs preloading.
generates a random challenge token for the given address.
performs all basic blocks in the given ir.
runs a task with retries.
packs the value into an array.
removes a request from the queue.
called when the heatmap has failed.
inflates the drawable with the given id.
returns the offset of the given object field.
adds an annotation to the matrix.
write a byte array to the file.
concatenates the iv and cipher text.
sets the timestamp to the given value.
creates a new material package with the given material package and generic tracks.
finds an edge that is in the same direction as this one.
acquires the probabilities for the given string.
resolves the given issue to the event bus.
decodes a string into a byte array.
test the database for a given user and password.
adds a new value to the set.
returns true if the given entity name is an unparsed entity.
flushes the output stream.
url encodes the given text.
this method is called when a focus event occurs.
adds a request property.
executes the given task.
serializes the given value to a bytebuffer.
loads all submissions from the database.
returns true if the given string is a valid bit value.
returns the next record in the stream.
computes the component of a and b.
writes the contents of this buffer to the given output stream.
removes a treemodellistener from this tree model.
creates a new uri object.
adds a view to the stream.
reads bytes from the recorder into the buffer.
clears the candies store.
returns a hash code value for the given object.
adds a parse template.
attach an image to the camera.
returns the minimum of two values ignoring na - n values.
pre - registers an object name.
tries to match a string or throw an exception.
returns the source form for an initializer.
creates a new bytebuffer with the given capacity.
adds the specified value to the end of the list.
validates a collection attribute.
inserts a string into the buffer without null.
adds an external entity declaration.
sets the holt winters alpha value.
creates a class descriptor from a field signature.
this method validates a getnfcserviceticketresponse object, raising an exception if the response
schedules a task to be executed.
draws a filled ellipse in the graphics context.
swaps the current cursor with the given one.
locks the flushing thread.
returns true if the given class can be randomized.
generates a native guid for the given device type and serial number.
constructs a secretkey from a string.
creates a writable child raster.
sorts the children of a criterium tree.
returns a random integer from the poisson distribution.
returns true if the sound with the given identifier is available for the builtin sound.
iterate over all registered serializers.
check that a key is valid.
returns true if the server is shutting down.
this method is called by the framework when it is initialized.
draws an arc on the canvas.
formats a date using the specified format and time zone.
decodes a byte array.
creates a new messagedigest with the specified algorithm.
merges an array of integers into a sorted array.
copy a list of access control levels to another list of access control levels.
adds the content length to the given byte buffer.
handle avs response.
request a stream for followers and subscribers.
removes a view from the callback if it is hidden.
consumes an identifier from the queue.
populate ( byte [ ] value ) method testing.
serializes the test suite.
rollbacks the node from the temp file.
parses a geometry string.
write the data to the server.
returns the last index of the specified element at the specified location in this list.
returns true if undo can be performed.
calculates the destination for the given uxf.
called when a project is updated or created.
called when a mouse button is clicked.
updates the list of visible ids.
traverses the graph and stores this node in the table.
show the previous notification.
calls the super method and writes the contents of this entry to the specified output stream.
adds the given node to the list of input nodes.
initialize the database with the given configuration.
registers an object to be read from the stream.
adds an extension header.
merges the values of the frame with the interpreter.
executes the keytool command.
smooths the snap to the given position.
updates the properties file with the test value 2.
unassigns service names from the user.
expands the given cluster with the given points and merges them into the given cluster.
getfloatarrayelements : get all the elements of a float array.
prepares the available transfers.
output a full line of text.
adds a new payment to the system.
registers all registered java extension namespaces.
removes all objects from the list.
deletes the display name.
creates a new type from the given ast and variable declaration.
deletes the directory and all its contents.
waits for iterators to be cleared.
adds a lifecycle listener.
returns the index of the given full path.
destroys a volume.
create a stack of splines from a set of points.
validates the cooldown setting.
convert a number of bytes to a long.
generates a clone name for a zoneset.
write the signature block to the output stream.
builds the select query.
show the dialog.
returns true if the key is a uri key.
receive a number of bytes from the device.
adds a new of to the channel.
send a byte array to the socket.
create a copyonwritearraylist from a collection.
converts an httpentity to a byte array.
adds an argument to the tail of the command line.
creates a new uri with the given namespace.
calculates the coef of a given variable.
deserializes an object from a file.
check if the segment name is a merged segment.
generates a derived key based on the given key specification.
adds the emojicon group.
update the end of the sample.
returns true if the given path should be included.
generates a list of mech summary for the given number of units.
concatenates two automatons.
called when the contents of the list have changed.
creates a split from an array of h - values.
this method is used to convert the object to an appropriate representation.
javax. net. ssl. sslssl # ssl ( inetaddress inetaddress localhost, int
converts a user input string to an absolute path.
returns the stamp of the resize stamp.
reads a single byte from the input stream.
expands the hkdf to the given length.
returns true if the given emote is one of the ignored emotes.
returns true if the specified property is allowed.
reads the roster from the specified file.
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero bytes.
accept a file descriptor and return the number of bytes accepted.
transcodes the given xml file.
report the progress of the download.
returns a new dom document.
sets the grain of the sas core.
handles add request handler request.
draws a data point.
chunkset - chunkset - chunkset - chunkset - chunkset - chunksizeinbytes
parses the meta data information.
finds a field of the given name in the given instance.
convert a byte array to a sslsession object.
adds the dump file.
formats a date by ordinal.
returns true if the specified page number is in the range [ start, end ).
dispose of this object.
converts a collection of dimensionalitemobject to a list of dimensionalitemobject.
gets the aliases from the given source.
add a new table to the system catalog.
removes a configuration listener.
removes all views from the scrap heap.
this method is called when the window is opened.
schedules a task to be executed.
computes a 2 - dimensional hash code for two objects.
parses a vector string into a double array.
returns a string describing this object.
creates a stream that concatenates the contents of two streams.
iterates through the iterator and initializes all elements in the iterator.
decodes an xml document into a datasourceproperties object.
returns the next character in the iteration.
adjusts the row heights of the given table.
returns a list of uris for a list of volumes.
parses a string into an array of format specifiers.
updates the index column buttons.
returns a url for a poi.
waits for the decoding to finish.
convert wiki content to plain text.
updates the engine with the given byte array.
creates the packed params for the glyphlist.
executes a sql update.
returns true if the lock subject is currently locked.
returns a hash code value for this object.
adds an action to the quickactionview.
displays the given help file.
stores the location in the shared preferences.
returns the value of the first element in the list.
checks if the specified object is equal to this list.
returns a string representation of a json row.
remove a table from the database.
returns true if the bug contains the given category.
returns true if the volume is a full copy source.
tests two linear regression model objects for equality.
checks if user login has been granted.
succeed ( ) method testing.
request the permissions after explanation.
pauses the thread with the given duration.
prints a string followed by a newline.
read a portion of an array of characters.
reads an integer from the stream.
callbooleanmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a boolean value.
returns true if the given variable is in the r - tree, false otherwise.
creates a new project importer.
java. util. sortablelongtodouble # todouble ( long [ ] values ).
returns true if the given class is a registered class.
loads a class from the classpath.
wait for operations to complete.
returns true if all components of the test geometry are in the target geometry.
creates an xform object from an xml post.
creates a new endpoint with the specified security modes.
parses a value from the stream.
creates a new collection with the default time zone.
create a list from two elements.
allocates a new array of the given size.
adds an attribute to the current object.
this method calls proc createdirectory and creates a new directory.
fills the given ellipse array with the given color and color.
zooms the domain axes by the specified factor.
refresh due challenge counts.
creates a new identity with the specified dimension.
converts a bufferedimage to a swt image.
returns true if an unlimited strength policy is available.
returns the number of rsslim fields.
adds the totals to the table.
fills the stack trace with the given elements.
returns true if the given file type is supported by midi.
makes this object immutable.
returns a random number from the distribution.
creates a new instance of amservicemanager.
compare and increment worker count.
make all items in the viewlist at the given finger position.
returns true if the given path is a windows path.
process an attribute string of type t_char into a character.
adds a child element with the given name and value to the given element.
returns true if the segment is balanced.
parses the attribute list.
reads a binary file into a byte array.
streamapi ( ) method testing.
adds a split condition.
this method is called when the threshold is reached.
removes an index interval between two indexes.
rebuilds the list of active events.
creates a new instance of diskstorefactory.
deletes all directory and contents of the given directory.
put a number of bytes into the buffer.
marks the given rop reg as reserved for the given category.
registers the default resolvers.
process the authentication response.
release the given byte array.
creates a new pipeline.
initialize the list of acceptable methods.
locks the given order.
put the rtp packet into the buffer.
write a string array to an xmlserializer.
unify a map of devname to the new user name.
creates a new instance of jdbcdata.
stores the current stack frame in the exception stack.
creates a new instance of the timestamp generator.
reads data from the given url.
returns true if the given time is within the current time range.
initializes a random energy network.
convert a long to kilobytes.
creates a pending intent from the given class name.
returns true if the method is static.
test identity hash code.
unify the line separators of a string.
decrypts the given key using the given password.
sets the configurations for the given platforms.
fills the grid from the selected items.
finds the field with the given name in the given instance.
calculates the position of the break in the text area at p0, and returns p0
returns a simplex representation of the box.
injects the inject content into the temporary file.
returns true if the character sequence is null or empty.
creates a boolean setting from the raw settings.
removes the given source from the list of listeners.
returns a marshalled wrapper object that matches the given template.
generates a random key.
returns a copy of this vector.
deletes a file or directory.
initialize the regular expression pattern.
adds a new line to the file.
updates the attachment points.
removes all wraps starting from the specified offset.
formats a double in dps format.
truncates the given string to the given length.
returns a sortedset containing the elements of this set that are contained in the specified range.
check if the legion is disbanding.
adds a tuple to the index.
iterates from this number down to the given number, inclusive, decrementing by one each time
parses the dom element.
fully reads the next byte from the input stream and returns it's index.
inserts a new fullscreeninfo into the given arraylist.
create an inputstream from a string.
adds an item to the adapter.
copy acls from origacl to shareacl.
parses the resource list input.
deletes all entitlements of a user.
adds the signed properties to the xml document.
creates the channel selection.
computes the mean of each element in the array.
returns the depth of the tree.
performs a mrmw comparison.
import a file.
fetches the list of file cos ids.
adds a new scalingstatemonitor task to the queue.
inserts a node into the given parent at the given index.
returns the sample max.
writes a list of lines to a file.
verifies that the given chunk idx is the same as the given authtag.
tries to guess the mime type for the given extension.
registers a method binder for the given type.
parses the route file document.
removes a dted directory handler.
adds a file with the given name and entry information.
reads the next symbol from the stream.
splits the given vector into the given number of binds.
creates a parcel file for the urbansim zone.
called when the dialog is reset.
adds a task to be delayed.
replaces all occurrences of the regular expression with the replacement.
migrates all entities in the given migration.
captures a different string in the map.
called when a child thread is resumed.
draws the labels on the x axis.
encodes a byte array into a string.
tests another object for equality with this object.
creates a new instance of elsaserializer pojo.
loads the data from the given input stream.
returns true if the given type is a two - slot type.
adds the specified sections to the specification.
consumes a crlf character.
process the logout request.
compares two coverage intvdt objects for equality.
accept a file. this method will block until the file is accepted.
adds an option list to the command line arguments.
checks if the activity is active.
starts the scan.
returns true if the given url is a landing page.
writes the row count definitions to the given buffer.
send a string to the server.
initialize the token manager.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns a string representation of this bean.
gets the path from the given filename.
sign the content with the given bytes and write it to the output stream.
returns true if the next item in the buffer matches the given string.
deserializes an object from a byte array.
constructs a new interval impl.
checks if the key is true.
instantiates a new shoppingcartitem.
binds the given output stream to the current thread.
initialize the map layer.
returns the skew of a sample.
extracts a span from the given spans.
called when the operator is finished.
returns true if there is a delay.
pushes a space handling attribute.
closes the content when the user presses positive close.
constructs a new inputstreamreader with the specified encoding.
send a message to the specified consumer.
decodes the given message with the given header.
reclassifies an example.
returns a hash code value for this object.
returns a clone of this iterator.
instantiates a new instance.
returns true if the given keychain contains a private key.
creates a new scriptbuilder with the given byte array.
sets the theta of all planes in the matrix.
writes the user registry to the server.
returns a string representation of the given double value.
decodes a hanzi segment.
create a record with the given name, address and metadata.
creates a new cpu.
lookups an audio from the database.
adds a new condition.
reads the remaining bytes from the given byte buffer.
find the package and class name from the input file.
log a message and a throwable.
fetches the rp protected target uris from the db.
creates a new nsfile from the given file.
returns the cardinality of this bitset.
escapes the given literal.
gets the uri from the cookie.
prints a message at the INFO level.
adds the given value to the list if it is not null.
creates a new duserinfo dialog.
generates a sprint for the given long field.
replaces all occurrences of find with replace.
removes a listener from the list of listeners.
this method is called when the application is running.
clamps the given value to the given minimum and maximum.
deserializes this object from a stream ( that is, deserializes it ).
returns the pred block index for the given source index.
creates a new lockablefilewriter.
appends the program description.
decodes a string into a byte array.
returns the url for the given location.
parses a value from a string.
converts the given string to upper case.
updates the environment variable list.
make a class from a string.
notify the gateway that the timestamps have been updated.
returns the next token that matches the given regular expression.
removes the given node from the list of nodes.
returns the content as a string.
execute the handshake request and receive the handshake response.
calculates the minimum value.
emits the given number of bytes until the given number of bytes are written.
rotates the x axis by the given angle in radians.
tests whether auditing has completed.
scales a rect about the center of the center.
parses unprintable ext codes from a string.
determines the height of this view.
check if uri is null.
updates the pending list.
limits a range of values to the given values.
creates a new title.
returns true if the network is connected.
deletes the item at the given position.
calculates the graident channel based on distance and offset.
adds a startup listener.
closes the given selection key quietly.
this method is used to run the task.
creates a des key from a byte array.
checks that the given string is a valid type descriptor.
creates a new jsoutput for the given module.
returns the text content of all nodes.
adds a line to the list of lines.
creates a new string from a stringbuffer.
returns the number of elements in the list.
executes the given command with the given environment and handler.
creates a new instance of libertymanagerclient.
checks if compliance attributes are enabled.
updates the zoning map for the unmanaged export mask.
waits for the invitation answer to be answered.
computes the x - values of the x - values.
returns the number of components in this list.
round ( mathcontext mc ) of a positive bigdecimal.
omits the less freqs.
returns the key selector of the given type.
generates a sorted tag map for a set of tags.
prints out the shape detail.
shortens the classname of the given string to the given character.
adds a graphic to the end of the list.
returns a string representation of this object.
performs a single flip operation on the specified component.
adds a property to this restriction.
initialises a new google analytics instance.
called when the time has been moved.
creates a new id from the input stream.
called when an element is consumed.
adds a finally block to the hook.
returns the next element in the stream, or null if none.
writes a collection of objects to a writer.
reads color table from raw data.
touch the last modified time.
adds a private key to the keystore.
returns true if the given file needs to be reloaded.
adds a repository request source.
disables the buttons.
returns true if the given string is a additive number.
write a string to the log.
add a port to the quarantine queue.
creates a dictionarysortinfo object from a dictionarysortmodel array.
adds a point feature from a json node.
constructs a bitstring from a string.
sorts the individuals according to the given comparator.
writes the contents of this object to the specified writer.
creates a new safeasynctask.
returns true if the method is a cglib renamed method.
creates a new pwerror object.
union two arrays.
returns true if the current state of the window is a state change.
execute an xpath expression.
returns the top n values in the dataset.
grabs the class name from the signature.
creates a new time series metric delta set.
returns the number of nodes in the tree.
returns the next element in the list.
escapes characters in the given byte string.
repeats the specified number of times.
renames all the classes in this class.
handles a button request.
creates an ionexception with the specified cause and source of error message.
returns the distance from this node to the nearest neighbor.
this method is called when the task is done.
returns a list of the challenges in this request.
converts a sslsession object to a byte array.
creates a new instance of mersennetwister.
verify the timestamp of the certificate.
encrypts a password using the given seed.
returns the number of rows in the table.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
writes the checked message to a byte array.
reduces the width and height of the icon to the given limit.
installs a sound with the given identifier.
count the number of pages filtered by the template fragments.
finds the first occurrence of the given name in the given table.
score all tracks in the given collection using the given searchquery and output.
returns the current time in milliseconds.
encodes the latitude and longitude values into a byte array.
stores long value into object, volatile.
runs a list of commands.
draws a circle centered on ( x, y ).
prints a double followed by a newline.
writes an integer to the output stream.
map a byte sequence to a string.
adds a button pressed listener.
dispose of the service.
fills the attributes at the given index.
create a property gui for a given property consumer.
copies the contents of the given file to the given output stream.
deserializes the header from the given data input.
runs the test case.
returns true if all permissions have been granted.
fetch charset from cache.
paints a layer with the given bounds and view.
adds a control roll.
process add - on - changes result.
rederives the color of the ui.
returns a string representation of the given oid.
called when the connection has been idle.
adds the given cache span to the list of cached spans.
compares two uris for equality.
repaints the children of the panel.
validates the dns name.
read a comment from a string.
find the next character in a string.
tries to guess the content type for the given url.
extracts a csv from a string.
connects to the log writer.
checks if the cache header is valid.
show the active ivr zoneset.
returns an empty immutable array.
replaces the non - optional non - minus nodes with the given list of nodes.
returns a string representation of the accountable object.
returns a hash code value for this object.
deletes a type vertex.
reads the contents of a reader into a list.
adds a cachecontext to the cache.
returns true if the given annotatedmethod is a cglib get callbacks.
compares this mediatype to the specified mediatype.
returns true if this dependency has been modified.
creates a new irreplaceable image element.
returns true if this fxg version is greater than the given version.
creates a new h2 data source.
returns the set of locations for the given object.
scrolls the current item to the center of the view.
adds the given meta object to the list of meta objects.
removes a word from the list of words.
add two negative numbers of the same length.
add a recent item to the menu.
invokeall ( new arraylistlist < callable > ) method testing.
adds a new configuration package.
closes the input stream.
create block mirror data.
starts the coap server.
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other list
this method is called when an exception occurs while reading from the session.
clears the localization result.
returns a string representation of the given collection.
returns the value between min and max.
replaces all occurrences of parameters in the stringbuffer with their matching values in the stringbuffer.
returns the index of the qual selector in the array.
returns true if a frame with the given id is a multiple allowed frame.
parses the configuration from the given xml file.
creates a new rpf file.
post an event to the event queue.
chooses a server alias for the given key type.
process a bmp image.
creates a new path handler.
loads the lines from the reader.
load the ignore file from the given folder.
removes the specified argument from the list of arguments.
returns true if the given string looks like a string.
constructs a pkc attribute.
creates a new note in the database.
verify that the list of messages contains unique xids.
adds a node to the end of the list.
this method is called when a configuration dialog has been changed.
read a utf - 8 string from the stream.
adds an integer to the list.
resets the state for the top of the grid.
test the next token.
returns a repaintmanager for the given component.
returns true if the given port is a recoverpoint initiator.
checks if the given character is a wfxml character.
send the message to the out proxy.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end - user
removes the given listener from the list of listeners that will be notified when wheel is clicked.
adds a new section to the list of sections.
calculates the preferred position for the given text.
adds all of the elements in the specified vector to this vector.
pipe all bytes from inputstream to outputstream.
adds a new rule.
validates the number input.
send message until stop count is reached.
converts a string to an arraylist.
pick the charset to use.
convert a positive bigdecimal to an engineering string.
removes all of the elements from this list.
adds a layer definition.
reads a list of rules from a file.
applies the given updates to the managed data.
writes a portion of an array of characters.
detects an episode from a file.
creates an operation to create an array of the given type.
fire an isparql update event.
sets the preference type.
expunge stale entries from the table.
returns true if the given string is a numeric string.
returns true if the argument is a char.
constructs a new rsakey from the given byte array.
converts a calendar object to a date.
returns true if the client authentication is enabled.
creates the image file panel.
writes a line to a buffered writer.
returns the layer child at the given index.
checks the current thread permission.
returns a function that returns the given value.
removes quotes from a string.
returns true if the attribute is defined in the namespace namespace.
tests that the user data handler is notified of shallow clones.
creates a new dheaderheader dialog.
returns the index of the last occurrence of the specified element in the specified array of elements.
creates a new floatcolumn with the specified size and default value.
read prj file.
removes the first element from the queue.
checks to see if the user has permission to convert converters to joda time.
compares two artifact coordinates for equality.
checks that the dimensions of the matrix are the same.
imports the given sourcechange object into this object.
returns the linefileout for the given document.
creates a new fuzzy query with the given text and fuzziness.
constructs a callchaininfo object.
starts playback of the media player.
throws an exception if string is null or empty.
resets the contexts to null.
converts an object to a list of parameter values.
logouts the user with the given username.
creates an operation to update a network interface.
creates a facade from a codesource.
creates a new jdpbroadcast.
closes the rrd file.
rotates this vector by the specified degree.
converts the given uri to a string using the specified charset.
adds a field to the mapping of this map, replacing the previous mapping from the specified number
hides the current border.
removes the given btxn from the list of filters.
adds a point to the set of observations.
adds the given tag id to the list of tags.
support ssl intolerant server.
sorts the given collection of executions by root to leaf.
initialize the tk distribution.
serialize an expression node.
define the internal frame menu buttons.
creates a workflow. method for restorefromclone ( ).
remove a data source listener.
returns the rightmost substring of the string.
clears the name in the unoccupied blocks.
unserializes the given data object.
called when a grid is stopped.
pushes a folder to the end of the list of folders.
prints a depth - first enumerator.
adds a new event to the list.
creates a new generator with the given schema element.
initializes the panel with the initial values.
called when the table is open.
adds a abbreviation to a primitive.
initializes the tree map.
locates the replicator home directory.
creates a new string data object.
writes a repeated sqr to the output.
appends the string representation of the float argument to this string buffer.
opens the given file.
test the destination of a track.
flushes and closes the output stream.
returns the normalized version of the given path.
returns a random object.
adds a deployment to the list of deployments.
called before the bundle is started.
called when a dlsn value has been successfully parsed.
shut down my sql server.
write the data to the given buffer.
parses the given control template into a string.
called when a custom tag is created.
write the file at the specified path using the specified exif interface.
checks if the image server exists.
returns the current time in nanoseconds.
removes the given extension from the list of extensions.
finds the suballocatedcontext for the given element node.
adds an observer to the list of observers.
computes the distance between two clusters.
formats a pattern into a string buffer.
adds a new keyword to the dictionary.
release a field of a given owner.
converts a list of dashboard objects to a list of dashboard objects.
returns the thread pool for the given executor.
adds a group properties listener.
edits a global function comment.
clears all active sessions.
returns true if the entry exists for the given dn.
unpack a cmap from a packed string.
initializes the native code for the native code.
returns the hash code for a wrapper name.
the start of an element.
returns true if the given key is a string.
create multiple pr nodes in the vm list.
creates a new instance of zdiagmat.
checks if an ant version is available.
builds the network.
returns true if the two sequences are equal, i.
divide two negative numbers of the same length.
returns an enumeration of the productions.
adds the given ast to the list of nodes that are extending the given ast.
returns true if the given event is disabled.
constructs a new dlistlist dialog.
transforms a point array to px and offset.
convert the escaped function to the given string builder.
returns a string representation of this object.
adds an ims session listener.
creates a path from the given timestamp.
prints a user message.
connects to the native socket.
returns true if the given string is an access modifier.
handle append request failure.
selects a size pair from the preview sizes.
reads all available items from the given cursor and returns them as a list.
decodes a utf - 8 string.
returns a map of attributes to lower case.
accept the visible and invisible annotations.
create a list from obj1 and obj2.
read the next part of the file.
returns true if the tab is multiline - tabbed.
computes the parameters of the kernel.
translates a data type to a target data type.
finds the minimum of the values in the array.
move the selected row down to the view.
creates a new jar with the given backing directory.
returns a list of runnables that have been shutdown.
convert a collection of file paths to a list of relative paths.
handle unlock or install.
offset the start time based on the rrule.
rounds the x, y, and z values of this vector3 down to the nearest integer value
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
cleans up the frontier.
parses the attributes from the typedarray.
concatenates two byte arrays.
assert that this subscriber has been terminated.
asserts that the given argument is valid.
checks if is before today.
builds the login ui.
unmaps a volume to a scsi initiator.
returns the list as a collection.
adds a quarter arc.
parses the given block.
generates a random number from the given byte array.
removes all scanning callbacks.
reads a number of bytes from the file.
handle manager creation.
checks if the current shape is the same as the given one.
returns true if the given file is visible.
appends two strings together.
deletes the object from the database.
constructs a string from a byte array.
initialize the search itemset.
computes the bounds of the editor.
read a number of bytes from this input stream.
creates a new cuboid.
computes the log marginal likelihood of the given values.
returns true if the message is a new message.
installs the system properties.
writes doubles from the specified double array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position
load recipients from addressmap.
returns true if the file extension is equal to the given extension.
sets the lock time to the current time.
adds a padstack to the end of the list.
creates a new instance of argsbase.
start the content model.
creates a new omomgraphics object.
creates an input source from a string.
gets the root preferences for the user.
returns a string representation of the given socket identifier.
pushes a string onto the top of this vector.
reads the contents of a file into a string.
returns the x - coordinate of the tile grid.
creates a new input object.
creates a bshclassmanager for the given interpreter.
swaps the egl display and surface buffers.
returns the last login time.
splits the given text into words.
adds an app to the list.
returns true if the given field matches the given value, false otherwise.
removes the markup from the plot string.
creates a string representation of the dash array.
returns the position of the given blob pattern starting at the given offset.
loads all files in the index directory.
reads a line from an inputstream and returns it as a string.
checks if the given table exists.
processes a colon.
returns true if the script contains the given delimiter.
compress a byte array to an outputstream.
asserts that the given service is not joined.
encrypts a block of data.
prints a string to the text area.
adds the given collection of connection groups to the list of children.
loads the map from the given input stream.
adds a line decoration.
parses the link title.
adds the given value to the vector.
closes the connection.
returns the number of elements in this list.
create a warning diagnostic.
creates a new destructurer.
handles delete button request.
returns true if the connection is healthy.
adds a column at the given index.
initializes the layout panel.
computes the norm of a vector.
returns the value as a string.
returns a hash code value for this instance.
convert a list of rings to minimal edge rings.
remove an image sharing listener.
updates the wave file size.
writes the given journal to the given file.
returns true if this string matches the given string.
called when a mouse button has been released.
computes the maximum class value in a series using the percent - factor per series.
adds a channel to the list of channels.
joins an array of objects into one string.
returns true if the store has the given store trait.
creates the supply for the given boundline.
returns the number of parameters.
load the step information from an xml node.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
reads the reference from the input stream.
returns the dot product of this vector and the given dense vector.
emits code to the main subroutine.
computes the stdev of a list of numbers.
trims the size of the array to a new size.
setbit ( int n ) outside a zero.
compares two dates.
decodes the next solution.
creates a datagram socket.
multiply all values of this map by the given value.
returns true if the given level is a valid level.
computes the children of a folder.
quote a file.
read from net.
clears all maps and tombstones.
removes an imageconsumer from the list of consumers.
is navigation at bottom?.
updates the target aperture with the new value.
builds an invocation with the given protocol key.
computes the mark of the statistics.
gcd : the first element is zero.
test king capture.
validates a list of expressions and evaluates them.
parses a relative directory.
pick the encoding from the input source.
generates a url for a series.
returns true if the thread has expired, false otherwise.
this method is called when the user clicks on the policy.
decodes a 64 - bit integer from the given bytebuffer.
creates the script.
returns the cauchy of a uniform distribution.
adds a job group to the list of job groups that should never be deleted.
creates the layout.
request a poll read from the server.
adds the given field to the list of fields.
encodes the polynomial to the output stream.
signal that no acks have been received.
returns a string representation of an int array.
copy the contents of the source array to the target array.
returns the great circle distance between this location and the given location.
parses a manifest file and returns a list of inputsplit objects.
read bytes from the stream.
fire an operator that has been moved.
removes an individual from the list.
replaces the base variable id with the new one.
repeats the given string with the given number of characters.
wait for a state change.
returns the best node in the graph.
creates a new instance of userfields.
parses a color string into an integer.
returns the bounds of the node with the given ad wfid.
stops the given workers.
returns a clone of this frame.
calculates the state transition percentage.
returns a mangled name for the given method.
save the state of the iterator.
consumes a string from the queue.
print out a list of defined ips.
disposes the codec and decoders from the given session.
returns the number of transpositions between two charsequences.
parses an object from the given string.
returns a stream of timeseriescollections.
registers a mod in the manifest.
arranges the given container with the given g2.
returns true if the given message has the given content type.
generates an x509certificate from the given parameters.
handles a button request.
check all module descriptors for dependencies.
this method is called when all beancontextmembers have been removed from the beancontext.
checks if the given directory is writeable.
returns a string representation of this object.
writes the default serializable form of this object to a stream.
called when an entity is starting.
returns true if the given name is a java keyword.
extracts the import url from the index url.
compares this collator with the specified object.
runs the test case.
renames the given type to an internal type.
write a list of files to an xml output file.
creates a new dgroupgroup dialog.
invalidates all cached caches.
write a byte array to an xmlserializer.
writes a list of strings to a file.
cancels all requests with the given tag.
draws a text to the given graphics context with the given text and horizontal margin.
create a subset record from a generic record.
queues an operation to be executed.
interprets a string into an array of cells.
returns a new shape that is a copy of the given shape.
prints the contents of this list to the specified print writer.
initializes the layout panel.
checks the given certificate against the responder.
returns the composite type for the given alpha composite.
removes a tracking icon.
finds all phonemes in the current state machine.
removes the parent of the given file.
check if two doubles are almost equal.
called when an element ends.
fill ( byte [ ] array, int, int, int val ).
writes an empty string and an open bracket.
calculates the logarithm of the given value.
uploads a file to the database.
creates a temporary zip file and deletes it.
removes the handler for the given column name.
returns true if the tag is empty.
restores badges from persisted bundle.
this method is called when the user presses the touch button.
creates a new catalogentry with the specified name and arguments.
adds a message to the list of messages waiting for the given type.
pushes a new stack element onto the top of the stack.
log the hierarchy of the given class loader.
adds a gossip member.
returns a collection of log files.
returns true if the box is case sensitive.
returns true if the node is a namespace node.
returns a hash code value for this object.
creates a new subconfigmodelimpl.
tests another object for equality with this object.
convert a color string to a color integer.
called when the pick button is pressed.
creates a new traversal for the given node.
called when the end of an element is encountered.
cancels all requests to the endpoint.
returns the value of the attribute at the given index.
returns the value associated with the specified key.
decodes the given string into a byte array.
create a new subpattern association.
deletes all allocated nodes and nio files.
returns true if the annotation type has no prefix.
tries to format satisfiability using the specified format.
returns the logger for the given class.
receive one byte from the server.
returns a list of constraint violations for the given resource.
check if imdb id is valid.
shows the recorded video.
write a list of coordinates to a string buffer.
returns true if the exception is intended for the given class.
swaps the rows and columns of a pivot.
returns true if popup overlap task bar.
creates a job for creating a cluster.
finds the main classes in the given directory.
validates a xml string.
reads the values from the stream.
returns true if the given access code is compatible with instant run.
creates a new sequence from an array of as - objects.
creates a new threaded listener manager.
this method is used to convert the object value given to an appropriate representation.
computes the offset for the given linesegment.
returns the element at the specified location in this list.
create qos rules from json object.
converts a string to an array of octets.
formats a double value using the specified number of places.
flushes the output stream.
returns true if the string is a c - encoded string.
creates the proper bounds for the given points.
adds a button to clear graph data.
returns the normalized levenshtein distance between two strings.
creates a file with the specified number of extentions.
returns true if the type is animal.
unify line separators from a string.
adds a ping notification.
create a new nfs datastore.
check the size of the array.
creates a new album with the given media uri.
checks that the given internal name is valid.
this method is called when a task is done.
unquotes the given name if it is quoted.
returns true if the player has a leader with the given name.
performs a redo operation on the given editor.
reports the result of a join.
writes the protein to a file.
java. sql. sql. convert # convert ( java. sql. sql. string, java
writes the data of this contour into a sptkl file.
starts the current thread with the given timeout.
finds the element with the given name in the given parent.
creates a new star operator.
removes the specified element from the selection.
invoked when a mouse button has been clicked on a component.
prints a formatted string to this output stream and flushes this output stream.
transforms the given xml source to the given output.
tests comparison before elements.
adds a suffix to the suffix list.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
closes the selector.
returns the difference between two numbers.
sets the required attributes.
show the dialog for the history.
returns the number of elements in this list.
reads the contents of an input stream into a byte array.
creates a streamable from a publisher.
creates a new protobufconnection.
parses the network response and returns a bitmap object.
find the notification with the given id.
creates a new green gradient with the given maximum count.
writes a histogram to a file.
dereferences the given stage.
adds a character to a number.
clips a string if necessary.
removes the specified element from the queue.
adds a slide to the list.
wrap a string into an array of strings.
create a vertex array from a float array.
publish a message to the mqtt server.
deletes a directory and all its contents.
computes the inv wm sub band.
moves a file or directory to a directory.
load security properties from a properties file.
closes the given inputstream without throwing an exception.
clears the scan files.
executes the given process and asserts that the given result is equal to the expected output and
start file based merge.
called when a document is inserted into the document.
creates a new datetimeparseexception with the specified detail message and error index.
returns true if the components are parallel siblings of the specified axis.
reads an object from the stream.
subtract two negative numbers of the same length.
creates a new plaintext with the given integer.
checks if is today.
start the server.
generates a sprint for the given double field.
converts an yuvimage to a bitmap.
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation.
returns true if the given feature has the given version.
assigns the given port usage based on the usage of the matching target ports.
returns the next event in the queue.
appends the points to the given stringbuffer.
update the combo box.
creates a new refactoring session transformer.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
open the compare dialog.
adds a resource to the list of resources.
returns true if the string is a numeric value.
encodes the given string using the default character encoding.
adds the given delta to the current value, returning the new value.
returns the current time in milliseconds.
appends a new namevaluepair to the list.
creates a properties object from the given url.
calculates the weight of a plan.
returns true if the given filename is one of the given extensions.
find the value in the combo box.
creates the zk state with the given key.
calculates the logarithm of the given value.
returns a new vector3 with the same x, y, and z components as the given vector
receive a datagram packet.
convert temperature to rgb.
sets the name mapper function.
arrays. fill ( boolean [ ] array, int, int, int ) method testing.
adds all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this list, in the
returns a string representation of this formatter.
returns the resource name for the given table and type.
updates the load state of the combo boxes.
returns the tip text for this property.
joins an array of namedvalue objects into a single string.
returns the source class for the given attribute.
flushes the output stream and flushes the printer.
request the data for a specific group.
encodes the cookie into a string.
skips the specified number of bytes.
resumes the animation.
subtract two numbers of different scales ; the first is negative.
add a callback to the prototype callback.
creates a new instance of alltoallpanel.
determine if a function is available in the namespace.
allocates p_section_count sections.
returns true if refreshing is needed.
returns a random byte array of the given length.
instantiates a new weight distribution.
removes the extension from a file name.
deletes the attribute value.
normalizes the given dataframe to the given minimum and maximum values.
returns true if the uri is a socket scheme.
adds a leaf to the tree without any existing parents.
adjusts the range of blocks to the new range.
hex - encode a byte array.
clamps the width and height of the given size to the given maximum area.
constructs a new tcpconnection.
returns a string representation of this indexable.
encodes the given byte array into base 64.
draws a direction of a cube.
adds a file alteration observer.
returns the logarithm of the 1 - p distribution.
creates a new script builder with the specified number of chunks.
creates a new instance of the specified class using the specified classloader.
adds an action to the game.
creates a new polygon.
read a json value from a json array.
waits for an element to not be present in the web context.
asserts that this test subscriber has been terminated.
returns true if the video is a vimeo url.
returns true if the current state is cancelled.
push a subcontextlist onto the stack.
update downloaded files in the database.
dumps the options to the logger.
parses a language resource.
start the transition states.
removes the given container from the list of containers.
creates a new kernel density function with the given points.
returns a clone of the given object.
returns true if the polygon contains three points.
creates a new zipentry with the given name.
executestatement ( ) method testing.
reads a dictionary from an input stream.
adds a vertex to the graph.
creates the view to model.
returns an unmodifiable set of the file names.
is operating system mac?.
returns true if the given concrete throwable is assignable from the given set of throwable classes.
pops and encodes the message queue.
prints the string representation of the int argument to this output stream.
returns a map of confidence values for all items in the dataset.
returns true if the string is all alpha characters.
converts a character to a digit.
load a library with the given path.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
saves the certificate to a file.
adds a filter to the query.
log a debug message.
updates the statistics for the given rows.
java. io. file # file ( java. lang. file ) java. io. big
returns a string representation of this object.
splits the traces with the end point.
flip all bits in a byte array.
creates a new index request source.
adds the given users to the configuration.
tries to drain the buffers.
copy a file from one location to another.
encode a properties object.
generate the rss attribute.
tests comparison of elements by name.
deletes a directory and all its contents.
convert a string to a timestamp.
returns true if the given string starts with a new hunk.
removes all values from the map.
read characters from a byte array.
converts a string to a byte array.
play a file for a given user.
runs the finalizers on exit.
returns the predicted intervals for the given configuration.
returns the minimum element of the specified collection using the specified comparator.
checks if the given sha hash is equal to the given file.
adds a value key name.
updates the assignment with the given border.
converts a char value to a string.
splits a string into lines.
draws the outline of the plot.
adds a hole to the ring.
registers all the components to be used by this class.
initialize the ops type.
skips the specified number of input bytes.
generates a 64 - bit hash of the public key.
creates a new create sub - command.
creates a new dheaderheader dialog.
read a line element.
create a listmodel from an array of objects.
returns true if field calltype is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise.
maps the source of this type to the given source.
creates a new jshell.
computes the static load metrics for all virtual nas servers.
reads a short from the input stream.
create a replication job for copy partition.
main entry point for the demo.
finds all orders in a map.
checks if the given file exists.
finds the stage with the given path.
calculates the t - norm of the given coef and stderror.
runs the specified bootstrappers in the specified early component.
check that the index header id matches the expected id.
returns the output as a byte array.
save a named buffer to the file.
schedules a list of recommendations for a vplex storage.
completes a list of absolute paths relative to the given base directory.
returns true if the given string is a file specifying a module specifier.
inserts the expected pool settings per tier.
transfer streams from source stream to destination stream.
returns the position of the path at the given org unit level.
returns the number of bytes available in the buffer.
adds a numeric train class.
parses a list of groups.
called when a drag gesture has been recognized.
returns true if the character is an identifier helper character.
adds a header line.
load an address from the result set.
encodes the given string using utf - 8.
gets the url from the given bundle.
called after the start of an element.
tries to guess the mime type for a file.
tests advance of all terms.
returns true if this modifier is public.
release the encumbrance budget.
creates a transferable for the locale.
writes the specified number of bytes to the stream.
adds a generic font family.
writes a reference to the given node.
parses a data object.
returns true if the list is empty.
formats this object using the specified formatter.
returns the dotted class name.
creates a new dextensionset dialog.
play the next video.
invokes a method on an object.
adds nodes from the given iterator to this nodeset.
creates a new rotate stream for the given path.
cleans up the history of numbers.
processes the styled attributes.
creates a new log message with the given template and code.
translates an action string into an action string.
returns true if the resource can be loaded.
returns true if the value is a number, false otherwise.
parses a string as a boolean.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end - user
formats this time using the given formatter.
initialize the source code map from the adapted content.
returns a copy of this matrix.
returns the set of error codes allowed for duplicate errors.
returns true if the given field is visited.
removes a download from the completed list.
adds the shingled phrase queries.
returns the xml id for this node.
creates a new snapshot.
store a log file in the database.
merges the current properties into a new map.
deletes the preferred language of a existing user.
called when a media player is prepared.
parses a request parameter.
skips the specified number of bytes.
converts the player to all players in the specified radius.
create an ecdhe from a named curve id.
adds a header to a message.
returns a string representation of this object.
recreates the workspace table.
executes a n1ql query with the given parameters.
end all the tags in the tag stack.
adds an entity reference.
link to the last element.
draws the divider with the given bounds and child index.
creates a new formspec with the given default alignment and encoded description.
decodes the given data using the given parser.
writes an int to the data output.
writes a double field value.
calculates the next creature that can be spawned at the given quest level.
validates the schedule properties before the backup.
deletes the specified trait from the specified guid.
adds a collection of tables.
writes the given template to the given writer.
clears the loader.
returns the index of the given item in the list.
adds an attribute to the request.
executes all tasks in the graph.
run a full import.
gets the user id from a range of objects.
start the consumer.
generates code for a binary operation.
returns true if the label is movable.
write a type list.
load properties from a resource.
closes an inputstream without throwing an exception.
creates a new transaction.
skips characters until the next character is found.
converts a package name to a file path.
returns true if the map contains the specified key.
returns true if the given fragment is valid.
rehashes the receiver to the new capacity.
save pois from assets.
creates an xml element with the given name and colour value.
returns true if the tag has been seen, or false if not.
called when the operator of a variable has changed.
adds a header to the message.
check if there is a duplicate request.
returns true if the view is hidden.
deletes a file or directory.
returns true if the menu bar border is horizontal.
constructs a node using the given transformer.
creates a priority queue for the given words.
iterates through an objectinputstream and calls the closure for each object in it.
exits the process with the given status.
calculates the distance between two points in meters.
process the auth challenge.
calculates the a value of a polynomial.
adds a new product to the database.
adds an undo event to the undo list.
establishes the cache if needed.
appends the given text to this span.
validates a password against a hash.
returns a list of all the snapshots in the specified repository.
adds a certificate to the certificate list.
multiply two negative numbers of the same length.
clean a static method.
paints the background of a tab.
builds a daciuk mihov automaton.
returns the range of series in the dataset's dataset's dataset's dataset's
shutdown the admin server.
returns the number of threads.
assigns a role to the user.
creates a new instance.
writes the initial styles to the output stream.
encodes a collection of parameters into a string.
test where each operation locks only a single resource.
run the next pending command.
stops the server and waits for it to finish.
load a xml document from a resource.
divide : rounding mode is down.
removes an annotation at the given index.
replaces all occurrences of the specified character with the specified character.
touch the given file.
wraps a mock callback.
returns true if the column should be selected.
add two negative numbers of the same length.
adds a class node.
formats a satisfiability message using the specified format.
parses the given string as an upper case map.
removes all entries from the queue.
creates a zip file with the specified number of entries.
check if a new playlist name is valid.
imports an xml file.
log a add or remove row.
builds the default digest method type.
create a sampled partition for a collection of vertices.
creates a new instance of gremlintransactionmanager.
shifts the given beaninstance to the given one.
this method is called from the command line in the background.
make all the elements in the list.
called when a node has been deleted.
instantiates a new application environment.
creates a new producer worker.
creates a new layout tab with the given id and source id.
checks if functions are allowed.
load org access user list.
closes the disk cache.
creates a map of volume uris to lun unassigned volumes.
closes the underlying socket.
returns the x, y, and z values of two vectors.
waits for the process output and error streams.
adds the given arguments to the command line.
find the node with the given key.
draws the axis on the given graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer ).
reads the contents of a file.
create a random colour.
parses a category string.
this method is called when a legacy method is invoked.
creates a new contour object.
shuts down the thread pool and releases all resources.
adds a csp listener.
prints the given message to the given stream.
removes the elements in the receiver at the specified position in this list.
asserts that the resultset is nullable or no nulls.
compute the bounding boxes for the contours.
adds a timeline to the timeline channel.
loads the lob from the database.
paints the background of the component.
creates a copy of the given array with the given extra capacity.
send a cluster event to all listeners.
update a set of keys in a region.
loads the data from the given extensions.
deletes all addresses of a existing user.
sets the limit of the query.
checks if a file exists.
skips the specified number of characters.
this method initializes the payment module.
converts a file name to a number of bytes using the default charset.
copy the contents of the given file to the given url.
update the deltas of the view.
creates an auth configuration.
trims the given text to the given span.
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a writable child raster.
send the buffer to the client.
called when an asynchronous event is received.
find the file to open.
checks if two strings are equal.
execute shell commands, default return result msg.
populates a blob with the given id and base content.
removes a file from the list of folder observers.
makes this object immutable.
appending the'isnull'statement.
removes all of the elements from this queue.
update the favorite station.
adds all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this list, in the
saves the analysis data to a file.
returns an iterator over the capability dependencies.
parses an integer from a string.
constructs a bufferedheader from a character buffer.
converts a java. util. date to a string.
executes a request with a back - off error message.
check the server response code.
adds a resource source to the list of resource sources.
commits the changes to the panel.
connects to a p_from_point.
handle a generic motion event.
adds the given class to the list of classes.
edits an element in the table.
creates a new fp curve with the given curve and x and y coordinates.
serializes a dom document to a string.
computes the area of two points.
this method is called by the persistence framework when it is serializable.
converts a list of strings to an array, removing empty elements.
returns the minimum element of the specified collection.
creates a new heartbeat server.
tostring ( ) method testing.
find a club.
creates a pdf from a byte array.
converts a collection of inetaddresses to a string array.
shows the pilot's profile.
creates a new instance of smoothmoves.
updates the price lists of a product bean.
checks the dependencies of the given module descriptor.
clearbit ( int n ) inside a positive number.
deserializes a list of funnel objects.
appends the given parameter to the given descriptor.
adds a catch clause to the catch clause.
stream the given bytes to the browser.
unlocks the given key.
returns a range of orders.
ensures that the schema agreement is satisfied.
removes all elements from the stack.
instantiates a new tile store.
returns true if this block is more work than the other block.
parses the next token from the tokenizer.
returns true if the url is a jar url.
tests this object for equality with an arbitrary object.
apply set timestamp to the statement.
instantiates a new accessor.
stops the timer and increments the duration accordingly.
adds a new row to the table.
decode the given string into a byte array.
unwind a native stack frame.
this method is used to walk a scheme file.
check if mime type is image.
creates a new stage with the given parent stage and group.
returns the size of the bitmap with the given key and value.
returns the absolute value of this matrix.
removes an attribute from the attribute set.
snapshots the surface of a camera.
parses the debuggerexception option.
rotates the given image by 180 degrees.
update finantare based on columnname.
display calendar.
creates a new linestring with the given coordinates.
trims the given array to the given size.
closes the connection.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection, the object will accept
subtracts the number of flakes from the current number of flakes.
process the given bytes, producing output if necessary.
returns true if the specified resource name is in the set of required resource names.
main entry point for the test program.
convert a number to a date.
creates a new authoritykeyidentifierstructure.
open a jar file.
removes all emails from the list.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs, int
creates a new pw instance.
returns true if the character is a letter.
calls the given visitor for all the arguments of this expression.
creates a link string for the given uri and label.
returns true if the token is an expression.
destroys the internal state.
constructs a hierarchical uri from a file.
process the play request.
performs a binary search for the specified object using the specified comparator.
flushes the output stream.
returns a vector containing all elements that can go here.
removes the specified region entry from this map.
creates a new instance of hashdatacache.
marshalls the given value to the given type.
initializes the event listeners.
returns true if the given file type is supported by the midi file writers.
returns the window naf bit set.
maps the given collection name to the given collection name.
fills a vector with random integers between min and max.
returns a hash code value for this object.
this method is called when the animation is stopping.
returns true if the name of the package is equal to the name of the package.
draws the range markers for the dataset.
decrypts the given encrypted data using the given password.
creates a new vpf layer.
returns true if the connection should be closed.
returns the hue and saturation of this color model.
returns a future that will be completed when the application is shut down.
returns true if the queue is empty.
change the location of a directory.
removes the quote from the column.
check if the timeout has been scrolled up.
refills the input buffer.
searches for documents matching the given query.
writes the end of the list.
returns a list of elements with the given names.
generates a random byte array of the given size.
returns the tip text for this property.
this method calls the jobservice. listalljobs and returns a list of job instances.
returns a binary representation of this polynomial.
opens an input stream to the data file.
adds a caret listener.
returns the serial sensor manager instance.
iscurrency ( int ) method testing.
encodes a byte buffer.
java. text. date # getDate ( int, int, int, int, int, int
parses the id from the same document uri.
marks the block at the given position as used.
constructs a chol matrix from a matrix.
reads a string from the given memory.
shifts count bits from source array to result array.
adds a new value to the set.
removes a legion member from the database.
prints the contents of the buffer to the output stream.
returns true if this soot object contains a baf body.
retains all of the characters in the given string.
deletes the most used connection.
performs a binary search for the specified element in this list, starting from the specified index.
cleans up a new transit schedule.
check if two labels are equal.
converts a list of patches to a string.
closes the output stream.
validate the sort size.
finishes the rendering of the raster.
deletes all panels from the panel.
perform an asynchronous average operation.
returns the next string in the iteration.
creates a new html document builder.
returns a string representation of this instance.
creates a macro from a xml file.
delete the es input nodes and input port.
adds the given part to the list of parts.
terminates and waits for the fsync service to terminate.
find the farthest location in the grid.
computes the minimum image sample size.
creates the main split pane.
cleans the given chain.
checks the setup of the user transaction manager.
creates a new fs object.
adds an element to the document.
convert an inputstream to a string.
split name of remote branch.
encrypts the given outputstream with the given password.
pads the given string to the right of the given length.
reloads the swipe state in the given front view.
resets the iv to its initial state.
multiply the matrix by vertical flip.
shuts down the session.
returns a string representation of the ip address.
creates a new instance.
converts a hex string to a byte array.
writes a string to the buffer.
creates a collection of all permissions.
merges network endpoints from szone to tzone.
prints a string to standard output and then terminates the line.
read a chunk of data from an input stream.
sums the associations of all facets in the index.
creates a geo code from an input stream.
patch the name of a qname.
constructs a string from a list of tags.
creates a new xmlelement with the same attributes as this element.
resets the counters to their initial state.
rotates the vector in radian.
this method is called when a connection was lost.
returns the value of the header with the given name.
parses the query parameters into a map of field names to set of filters.
sign with wsf 10.
called when the button has changed its state.
adds a url to the list of scanned urls.
adds a range to the end of the interval.
resets the alpha and neighborhood size to initial values.
reloads the current page.
returns true if the field is static.
returns the number of outstanding requests.
returns a string representation of the given byte array.
initialize the logger for the given component.
fills the left portion of the list.
removes the specified value from the list of default values.
put ( ) method testing.
merge two signatures.
returns a hash code value for this object.
creates new exception with given throwable as a nested cause and source of error message.
enters this transaction with the given object.
adds an option to the options.
pauses for the client to join.
this method is called when a property is changed on the map bean.
adds a frame to the transition.
scans the given resource location for classes that implement the given interface.
returns the characters up to the next close cdata.
returns true if the given block needs a skylight update.
expands the given rectangle by the given amount.
converts a string to a datagram packet.
returns a string representation of this grid.
returns true if this instance has been initialized.
removes the specified shutdown hook.
computes the number of transitions between two points.
returns a string representation of the current value.
check if the camera size is available.
appends a string to the builder.
encodes a plaintext string into a byte array.
gets the lookup list.
returns the sum of the deltas.
returns true if the single character is a word boundary, false otherwise.
executes the given blocking consumer.
writes a portion of an array of characters.
creates a new table viewer.
returns the subtype of this estype as a string.
add a line to the path.
returns true if the given attributes can be handled with missing values.
disables all buttons.
load an artifact from a file.
tries to acquire the exclusive owner thread.
returns true if the string builder ends with a header.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
creates a new transit section action with the given transit section and delay.
creates a new dextensionset dialog.
adds a point to the list.
returns true if the class is a cglib proxy class.
verifies that the given discoveryinfo is valid.
generates an analysis result set for the given date.
updates the text views for the recharge.
returns the transaction map for the given transaction.
stops the listener thread.
decodes the given byte array using the given prikey.
derives an argb from two colors.
adds a new landing pad.
creates a new attackstrategy based on the given string.
creates a new instance of orderedthreadpoolexecutor.
write a chunk to a partition.
returns the event with the given id.
initializes the values for the custom checkers.
load carbon properties from the system properties file.
prints the contents of this object to the given stream.
convert a string to a date.
returns the md5 checksum of the given file.
initializes this object with the given parameters.
returns true if there are more records to be processed.
trims the delegate to the size of the list.
appends the given bracket to the end of the current json object.
returns a string representation of the ascii board at the given position.
clears all caches and sections.
convert an iterator into a set of nodes.
submits a task to all threads in the thread pool.
creates a list of vms for a given broker.
adds a port use to the map.
pops the current element attribute set.
adds a key - value pair to the cache.
removes a modelchange listener from the model.
fire a change event to all registered listeners.
creates the name of the connection.
discovers the host with the given id.
fully read an array of bytes.
draws the lines in the order in which they are connected.
adds a new node to the open or closed nodes queue.
converts a java file object to a file object.
creates a raster that can be used to create a compatible raster.
build a random multisegment bipartite graph.
executes the given command.
updates the progress of the individual thread.
creates a new context handler.
returns true if this string starts with the specified character sequence.
returns a list of jsp initializers.
creates a temporary directory.
returns a string representation of the partition array.
returns true if the category is a child of the given parent category.
input an instance to the queue.
returns a collection of column names for a given table.
adds the given resource to the list of created resources.
signal all semaphore objects to be released.
tests this map for equality with an arbitrary object.
checks if the quorum is maintained.
schedules the next reminder alarm.
request a stop request.
javax. net. ssl. sslenginecreatessl ( int [ ] port, int port )
joins an array of arrays into one array.
splits a path into a set of paths.
initialize the best selling report.
this method is called when the transaction is started.
adds the given job to the list of jobs to run.
resets the formula to its initial state.
adds a utf8 constant pool entry.
adds the given data to the list of chartsets.
returns the info gain.
cancel a property constant.
deserializes an object from a byte array.
remainder of remainder of a multi - digit operation.
show the selected neurons dialog.
encrypt an array of bytes.
returns true if the given class has any changes of the given class.
instantiates a new window stuff helper.
removes all special characters from a string.
creates a new run script action.
create a web image from the given url.
consolidate tuples to installments.
returns true if the email is valid.
adds a directed edge to the graph.
parses an application xml from a file.
creates a new connection to the server.
returns a summary of the collisions.
adds a subscription to the store for the given topic.
zips the given file to the given location.
generates a hashmap for the expanded state of this item.
add an audio packet listener.
constructs a crlvaluereader with the specified critical and value.
creates a new environment with the given java path.
adds a callback to a js object.
removes all blocks from the section.
writes a string to a file.
returns true if the given node is a variable access node.
called when a picker value is selected.
returns a list of segments that intersect s1 and s2 with r.
adds an action to the list of actions.
loads the data from the given file.
find the url for the given classname.
removes the given unique id from the cache and viewattribute lists.
create non - cg replicas for the given source and target descriptors.
calculates the downsampler timestamp.
returns a string representation of this node.
called when an error occurs.
adds a pattern association to the head of the table.
create a new unionpathiterator.
reads a record from the database.
throws an ioexception with the given message.
returns true if there are more deals to read.
adds an x500 principal to the list of issuers.
builds the key selection.
removes all nodes from the given map.
store a device to storage.
runs the test case.
adjusts the array to be within the given range [ lower, upper ].
removes the processor at the given index.
make a chain of nodes with the given prefix and value.
converts a locator string to a by object.
notify listeners that a task has been started.
throws an exception if the record is destroyed.
uploads the given file to the given input stream.
escapes the bytes in the given byte string.
returns an array of class objects representing the types of the given values.
adds the security token to the parent element.
skips spaces from the given string.
called when the viewpoint is updated.
returns a random assignment.
reads an x. 509 certificate from an input stream.
creates a new http connection.
associate the specified value with the specified key.
renames the given table.
handle a read last confirmed error.
puts the specified floating point value into this hash table.
sets the initial location and neurons to the current position.
returns the number of nice fields.
returns the layer size of the layer.
finds a static method in the given class.
fetches the search service cards from the server.
adds a phonenumber to the list of phone numbers.
returns a string consisting of all digits and plus characters of the given matcher.
compares two methods.
returns the markersegment with the given tag.
open an input file.
creates a new concatarray with the given source.
publish a list of items to the producer.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end - user
checks if the uri is valid.
creates a new private key usage extension.
generates a list of periods for the current year.
create aes key.
this method is called when a bound property has changed its value.
parses the response string into a json object.
loads the version information from the xml file.
find a page of user by example.
adds a footer view.
adds the first sequence to the queue.
returns true if this connection is marked as read - only.
consume ( ) method testing.
sets the parent of this expression node.
returns true if the name is registered.
adds a constant to the quality.
prints a message and exits the program.
asserts that the timestamps of two timestamps are equal with the given epsilon.
creates a new xml spider with the specified parameters.
flushes the output stream.
adds a new hop.
returns true if the queue is empty.
test primitive instantiation.
reads the entries from the reader.
returns the number of hosts in the given map.
adds all certificates from the given store.
process the given lob metadata.
start a prefix mapping.
prints the stack trace of this exception to the specified print writer.
converts a list of dataflavors to an array of dataflavors.
test for correct error handling of empty icon.
translates an attribute value into a string.
returns the next index id.
fill fields with default values.
checks the security infos for a given endpoint.
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other list
converts a list of byte arrays to a list of byte strings.
adds an index to the table.
sets the ssl key password.
instantiates a new zookeeper state machine ensemble.
creates a custom shortcut set for the given character.
deletes the minimum node in the tree.
resets the counters to zero.
writes the given source file to the given output stream.
sifts through a collection of type compounds and returns a map of target class to list of
updates the location of the clock.
compares the specified value to this string value.
binds the specified integer property to the specified value.
removes the specified column from this table.
writes the given string to the log file.
closes the database connection.
creates a new instance of structem bayessearcheditor.
remove an action listener.
returns true if the string at the given index is a literal.
generates a granularity from a string.
creates a new word iterator with the default locale.
closes the index and releases all locks.
pushes a local file to the remote directory.
process an item into a string.
resizes the cache to the given size.
splits a uint8 into a byte array.
generates a sprint for the given short field.
init from a directory.
removes a bandwidth field.
exits the system. exit ( 0 ).
returns the current time in milliseconds.
collapses newlines in a string.
generates the javadoc for the given index.
extracts properties from a set of properties.
removes the last element from the list.
ensures that the specified component is visible.
ends the current representation.
creates a new generator with the specified number formatter.
splits the given line using the given delimiter.
creates a new instance.
reads the next tuple from the stream.
computes the concatenation of two strings.
removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list.
loads the attributes of this step from an xml node.
returns a hash of the given signature.
adds a trigger group name to the trigger group list.
reads a string from the input stream.
clears the temp files.
read and decompress a thumbnail image.
submit ( runnable ) method testing.
shrinks the specified area by one.
asserts that a set of tests is satisfied.
builds the absolute stats.
serializes the classifier to a file.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns true if the field is a partition tag.
arranges the blocks in the given container with the given constraint.
executes the given method on the given proxy.
returns the index within the specified string bounded by the specified search character, starting at the specified
increments the count for the given key by the given delta.
send an osc packet to an osc client.
handle a key typed event.
fills the given map with the given mapped classes in the given mapping mode.
this method is used to convert the field value given to an appropriate representation.
creates a script with the given signatures.
deletes instances at the given indices.
adds a listener to the list of listeners.
computes GC2 for two matrices.
returns true if startdate is between enddate.
adds the given listener to the list of listeners.
converts a list of strings to an array of strings.
transforms the given tool tip text.
writes a portion of an array of bytes.
creates a new http request.
adds the specified characters to this element.
appends a tag to the xml string.
returns extra info about the certificate validation.
adds a collection of content elements to the top level.
invokes the closure with the given arguments.
writes the contents of this buffer to the specified buffer.
adds an index entry to the index.
solve a set of qry nodes.
deletes the given number of starts from the given array.
creates an event type metadata for a bean.
reverses the current period.
returns true if the caller should use subject creds only.
adds a field with the given name and value.
deletes a storage from the disk.
this method is called when a coap request is received.
returns true if the given example is ok.
loads the binary data from the given input stream.
delete a list of luns from a lun group.
removes all locators from the list of locators.
returns true if the given selection choice is selected.
adds an operation to the progress panel.
adds a provider to the key store.
compare and decrement worker count.
creates a new http connection with the given requests.
creates a new tcpserver with the specified host and port.
tests fix for bug # 22613 - getconnectionwithprops ( ) method.
returns the time in milliseconds since the epoch.
creates a new program rewriter.
creates the settings menu.
write a string to a data output stream.
returns true if the given string is a valid java name.
creates the node commands.
parses the packages and saves them in the sensorcontext.
consumes an error stream from a process.
deletes the first occurrence of the string argument.
returns an array of classes for the given parameters.
removes all gaz entries from the list.
returns true if the prompt contains a select account.
performs quick sort on the given instances.
flips the given image horizontally.
returns true if auditing is enabled.
returns true if the request is a terms request.
reads segments from the file.
project time within 24 hours.
update minmax for no dictionary.
deserialize a struct from an xml element.
creates a new cli instance.
concatenates two byte arrays.
creates a new input stream from the given file.
creates a new extended dismax configuration.
write value properties to database.
computes the y - value for a given maximum value.
adds a focus cleared listener.
add an item listener.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
creates a new mosaic levy.
returns the rank of the given value.
negates the given predicate.
adds the margin top to the content child.
converts a hex string to a byte array.
send a number of bytes to the device.
fetches the schema from the server.
appends the given double array to the given stringbuffer.
converts the real array to a real array.
reads the partitions of a file.
returns true if the seqno is greater than the maximum of the disk log.
draw a single line.
process the given item.
pushes the given value onto the top of the stack.
returns the cardinality of the specified range.
creates the http response.
cast a object to a long object ( reference type ).
finish the grid row.
java. security. x509encodedkeyspec # getencoded ( ) method testing.
shuts down the debug server.
called when a ping has been received.
returns the index of the given object literal.
resets the viewable area.
assert that the expected transfer rate is correct.
adds a trustmanager to the list of registered trust managers.
returns an iterator over the children of this node.
creates a new folder if it doesn't already exist.
computes the i ( i ) of a matrix.
performs the comparison test.
getscale ( ) method testing.
converts a value to a string.
returns true if the given annotation type is retained at runtime.
processmessage ( int appid, int contenttype value ) method testing.
adds a classpath to the jar.
load directories from properties file.
create a null individuum.
returns a list of all classes found for the given uri.
returns true if the value is slavo germanic.
shuffles the items in the inventory.
formats the given value using the given format number.
converts the given string to lower case.
runs the asserts on the given step list.
registers a transform uri.
this method is called when a coroutine is exited.
shrinks the internal array so that it can be used again.
constructs a new conjunction with the given conditions.
drops all bytes from the given position down to the given absolute position.
constructs a new hop instance.
updates the state of the spinner depending on the current settings.
write a character to an outputstream.
this method is called when a loco net message is received.
submits a batch of mutations.
returns true if multiple additions are allowed.
checks if the given object class is present in the given set of object classes.
writes an integer field value.
returns the logarithm of factorial x.
waits for the thread to complete.
adds a value to the set of values for the specified object.
closes the given closeable without throwing an exception.
appends a byte array to the file.
notify the list listeners.
converts an integer to an inetaddress.
open the ftp server.
unpacks the compressed character translation table.
put a key / value pair in the map if it is absent.
returns the common suffix of two strings.
closes the input stream and releases all resources.
starts the monitor thread.
this method is called by usbcam when a read or end of the video has been received
scales the image by the specified factor.
this method is used to convert the object to an appropriate representation.
returns a camel - case string representation of this object.
removes the head of this queue and returns it.
creates a new moviesetaddaction object.
creates the rmiregistry for the given port.
poll the udp socket statistics handler.
resets the internal state.
fix the white space in the output builder.
handles dup action request.
returns true if the source has expired, false otherwise.
generates the instruction to visit this frame.
returns an array of special native properties.
handle a done query.
returns the list of former identities.
performs an operation on the parameter.
called when a chart is progressed.
returns the local date for the given epoch day.
check that all caches are empty.
find the node with the given hash.
adds a language to the list of languages.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified key in the specified array, inclusive or exclusive
adds a user to the database.
block mix with 128 bits.
registers a host event.
adds a new ofm rc to the queue.
creates a jar from a map of byte arrays.
appends a new cell to the end of the list.
expect the server proxy to fail.
removes the parameter with the given key.
recalculates the statistics for the given attribute.
returns true if the tree is empty.
inserts a new column at the given index.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified string.
calculates the size of a rhs.
load a scripted method.
invokes a compiled command.
computes the multinomial logistic distribution.
adds a client to the external client list.
deletes the given resource.
adds the export remove volume steps.
computes the log - likelihood of the inference by using the gibbs sampling algorithm.
removes a dbg token from the dbg table.
adjusts the minimum and preferred pref sizes for each group in the given list of groups.
parses the given file.
writes an escape sequence other.
get network parameters from id.
adds all certificates and crls from the given store.
stores the body of this object in the given stream.
find the angle between two points.
appends whitespace to the appendable.
clears the indices for the specified resource type.
serializes the message to a byte array.
generates the rolling periods.
returns the set of labels for the vertex match pattern.
resets the unread counts for a given section.
adds a category to the list of categories.
callobjectmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns an object.
tries to find all other messages that are connected to this host.
make the press color.
test stream from values.
caches a client user id for a consumer bean.
finds the node with the given key.
returns true if this modifier is public.
receive an image from the task queue.
executes the query and returns the result as a string.
create a cellid from the i and j bits of a face.
updates the actions for the given project.
closes the stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
truncates a number to a too long number.
returns true if the given time is within the comparison epsilon.
returns the histogram.
creates a label for a weekday.
appends the given path to the end of the path.
returns the index within the string of the first occurrence of the substring in the string value.
submit ( null callable ) throws nullpointerexception.
reads a single byte from the stream.
adds a preprocessor directive.
formats the given date in the given buffer.
clears the results of this profiler.
adds a constraint to the query that requires a particular key / value pair.
adds an attribute value.
copies the given input stream to the given output stream.
prints a list of type members.
initializes the basic variables for the given column.
called when a mouse button has been released.
free space windows in the given directory.
attaches a header to a sip.
phonemises the text at the given position.
stops the program with the given exit code.
returns a new state with the given value.
returns a hash code value for the given object.
adds all of the mappings in the specified map to this map.
asserts that the given pivot field and value are equal.
returns a string representation of this object.
write a string array to an xmlserializer.
recursively walk a directory tree.
highlights all the hashtags in the given text.
process a block of data.
returns the topic of a command.
throws an exception if the array is null.
executes a download on the given url.
setseed ( byte [ ] seed ) method testing.
flips the given image vertically.
constructs a new morfologikfilterfactory.
wraps the given callable with a runtime exception and wraps it in a runtime exception.
pads the given string to the left of the given number of characters.
returns a hash code value for this policy.
creates a new unixterminal with the default character set.
returns true if the cell is editable.
check if all streams have been checked.
adds a new package to the priority packages array.
this method is called when an action is executed.
verifies the given certificate against the given collection of crls.
expands the input stream to r characters.
creates a new audiocapabilities object.
returns true if the edge labels are rotating.
creates an extension response code.
returns the inverse cumulative probability test values.
appends the string representation of the boolean argument to this string buffer.
deletes a set of servers.
sorts the specified range of the array in ascending numerical order.
called when a fatal error occurs.
adds a terminal to the list.
creates a recursivly node at the given path.
stops the recording and quits the recording.
writes a tag to the stream.
returns the hash code of the certificate.
returns the type variable.
iterates from this number down to the given number, inclusive, decrementing by one each time
adds a select clause element.
remove a changelistener from the listener list.
returns true if the given geotimeserie is normal.
creates a new showprogress object.
parses a repository expression.
closes this reader and releases any system resources associated with this reader.
adds a source section to the list of sections.
load a genomerelationship from a buffered reader.
parses the version string into an integer array.
computes the type of the runner.
tests two doubles for equality using the given tolerance.
loads the json model from the given file.
splits the given line into an array of comments.
create volume data for block consistency group.
converts a linkedhashmap to an object of the given type.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns null if remblock is a start block.
check if the user has an error.
splits the pdf document by the given size.
validates the authorization scheme set.
converts a string representing a uuid to a uuid.
reads the next line from the scanner.
decodes a string into a byte array.
creates a red paint with the given width and height.
returns a list of numbers that match the given text.
creates a new entry node.
asserts that the given deliveries have the same status as the expected state.
creates a compilescope for all facets in the given virtual files.
writes a bitmap to a file.
parses the given text into a sentence.
replaces the first child of this element with the new child element.
returns a hash code value for the given key and key.
flushes the underlying output stream.
adds an entry to the info list.
update the sliding state.
flushes the current vcf record to the given writer.
creates a new videostream from a string.
compares this string to the specified string.
flushes the underlying stream.
starts the server and waits for it to start.
evaluates the pagination with the specified entity class.
creates a new runtime collector.
deregisters a service provider.
creates a new newest first comparator.
updates the series with the given objects.
writes a float field value.
decodes a byte array using the decoder.
returns a path for a scroll button apart.
removes all views from the adapter.
checks if the given mobile string is a valid phone number.
converts an error message to a file.
returns the hyperbolic cosine of the number.
adds a notification to the panel.
returns true if the attributes are modified.
returns the ignore descriptor for the given method.
returns a random sample of the given source.
returns the size of the message.
grabs the arguments from the signature.
javax. net. ssl. sslenginecreatessl ( ) throws javax. net. ssl.
processes the events in the order in which they were sent.
resets the list to its initial state.
redefines the nodetype with the given namespace and local name.
stores long value at the given position.
deletes the replication sets for a volume.
move to the next bitmap.
read a 64bit long from the stream.
test of getcolumns method, of class resultsetmetadata.
discover the log implementation for the specified log category.
creates a via header.
returns a string representation of this record.
resolves the parameters of the given executable to the given target.
returns true if the given character is a valid name character.
returns true if the given character is a valid identifier identifier.
returns a hash code value for this object.
creates a new commandhandlerenum.
returns true if the argument is a float.
called when the component is resized.
creates a new argument with the given name, description, and expected number of arguments.
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
removes the given model from the list of models.
reads a map file.
hoeffding ln ( observed, prob ).
called when a nested view has been scrolled.
test of the method, of class randomnumbergenerators.
adds the given region to the list of regions.
resets the tree to its initial state.
asserts that the given consumer throws an exception with the given message.
returns true if all nodes and ways are empty.
asserts that the given boolean is true.
creates a new tagkeyvaluemapconverter.
this method is called after initializing the dbg table.
attempts to retry on an exception.
sorts the given file using the given comparator.
adds a directory to the database.
returns the node in the list that is closest to the given node.
adds an amsdk id repo to the service.
adds a key to the pin.
returns true if the given string is a hierachic.
paints the layer with the given bounds and view.
receive a character from the reader.
converts a byte array to a bytebuffer using the specified byte order.
writes a single byte to the given outputstream.
processes the local files in the given uri.
generate screen on or off utternace.
resets the count and start time.
read an integer from the stream.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
addissuer ( x500 principal ) method testing.
adds a tag transformation.
returns true if the file has been modified, false otherwise.
returns the characters up to the next close quote character.
reads the lyrics3 tag from the file.
evaluates the gamma and coef0 of the given vector instances.
returns true if the db configuration is present.
returns true if the given string is an incomplete numerical run.
generates the log alert message for a close window.
extracts the best parse for a unary unary rule.
parses the dom element.
computes the distance between two points.
start the stream with the given conditions.
pads the given string to the given number of places.
registers an error result code.
adds all of the elements of the specified exception set to this exception set.
start the video.
creates a new resourceloaderlicenselocator.
returns true if the exception is intended for the given class.
instantiates a new project type registry.
adds a notification listener to the specified mbean.
subtract two numbers of different signs.
consumes all topics and sends them to the consumer.
deletes the attributes of a service entry.
java. security. crypto. dsaalgorithmparameters # init ( java. security. crypto.
returns true if the given class literal is a public class literal.
loads the log file for the given license.
creates a new html tag with the given arguments.
updates the user with the given id.
calculates the likelihood of a document with the given tag.
returns a string representation of this instance.
returns the value of the safemode property.
getbytearraywithoffset ( ) method testing.
adds the given model to the end of the list.
returns true if the user has localized messages.
creates a dockerimage from an image name.
adds a set of channel names to the list of channels.
deletes a directory recursively.
deletes empty folders from the database.
perform an asynchronous sum operation.
write ( byte [ ] data ) method testing.
parses the given string into a document.
returns true if the given set of production copies is a journal volume.
test of poundsymbolincolumnname method, of class sqlconnection.
decodes a url encoded string.
waits until next poll is complete.
computes the lengths of the given annotation.
writes an image map to a writer.
adds a message to the import note.
returns a string representation of this file.
converts a collection of objects to a list of strings.
returns the minimum element of the specified iterable.
reads bytes into an array of bytes.
inserts a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
consolidates a list of itemstacks into a list of itemstacks.
returns how many days old.
checks if the given character is a wfxml character.
xor for zero and zero.
perform a parallel flux operation on the provided consumer.
java. util. arrays # fill ( char [ ], int, int, int, char
adds missing attributes to the dataset.
inserts a list of records in batches.
removes a listener from the list of listeners that will be notified when the tab is selected.
creates a new connect uri manager.
adds volumes to parking storage group.
converts the given string to an input stream, encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding.
returns true if export pkcs8 is selected.
generates a public key from a base64 encoded string.
creates a new number tick.
returns true if the current thread is running, false otherwise.
log a message with the given level, level, levelcolor and print stream.
returns true if modifier is public.
creates a map of user preferences for a given generic value.
appends a string to the current json object.
deletes the user from the authentication info.
logs an error message.
removes the given processor from the list of processors.
returns the animation type of the given view holder.
inserts the string representation of the string argument into this vector.
checks if a method is contained in a list of wrapper methods.
deletes a node from the graph.
called when an update button is pressed.
returns a string representation of this object.
checks if the class name is valid for x.
evaluates the gamma function of the given vector instances.
returns the number of batches in this batch.
decode a url encoded byte array.
clears the attached scrapes.
adds a data set to this axis.
end the element with the given name.
creates a new instance with the specified options.
adds a child at the specified location.
computes the minimum path sum of all rows in the grid.
creates a new time object.
creates a new duserinfo dialog.
minimizes the given automaton using simple determinization.
compares this item with the specified object for equality.
adds the given column to the list of columns.
check if a number vector is a na ns vector.
fills the given string builder with spaces at the given offset.
opens the file for writing.
calculates the k - value of two vectors.
flushes and closes the output stream.
writes a list of files to a file.
marks the internal classes.
returns the cosine of this vector.
returns the ss error of the given predicted values.
returns the number of prefixes.
appends the given character sequence to this writer.
convert a date time to a timestamp string.
consumes a single attribute and returns its value.
copies the given byte array to this byte array.
imports the given key.
creates a new instance of connectiongrouptree.
returns true if the reader contains a single metric.
separes the metatags content.
removes the given columns from the table.
reads the service configuration from the server.
refreshes the shared preferences.
adds inherited types to the list of inherited types.
multiply the histogram by the given value.
adds cache participants to the store.
convert a map to json.
prints the message to the given printstream.
returns the number of methods in this class.
stores a request id in the cache.
saves the mnipost to the list of managenameids.
helper method to go to update page.
creates an element in the given scope.
converts a collection of virtualfiles to a list of relative paths.
ensures that the system security manager is set.
gets the rate for a p_c_id, p_c_id, p
performs an interaction on the given server socket.
creates a new engine id.
parses an xml file containing referential rules and returns a list of rules.
encrypt and replace the wss document with the wss document.
adds an issue to the transformation.
inserts the specified node at the specified index in the tree.
returns the ntlm hash of the given password.
check if the given value is between zero and one.
substitute the macros for the given parameter value.
calculates the power of this vector with the given exp.
splits the given class name into a list of camel case strings.
selects a node list from a document.
creates a new result entry.
generates the discovery element.
creates a new basictype with the given type and type.
this method is called when an action occurs.
apply all parameters to the service.
rotates the left subtree of the given tree.
adds a new node to the cluster.
checks if a backup set exists.
convert a string to a quoted and comma separated array.
write a string without compression.
parses a threshold file.
shuts down the server.
converts a point to a view.
called when the client connects to the server.
adds a setup descriptor.
compiles the given progress success action.
returns a string containing all float values concatenated by the given separator.
writes an unsigned byte to the given bytebuffer.
returns the number of parameters in the given descriptor.
optimizes the given trie.
returns true if all permissions have been denied.
returns a string representation of this filter.
creates a formatter for the given locale and chronology.
wait for the external storage to mount.
pushes the given value onto the top of this stack.
uploads the given local file to the device and installs the app.
reads a stream as a byte array.
uninstalls a package silently.
open an audio player.
sets the names for this builder.
test step by one with a closure.
normalizes a bigdecimal value according to the allowed precision.
deserializes a string into a dom node.
appends the given parameters to the given url.
send an event to the agent.
apply the jms filters to the map.
index all tuples in the given iterator with the given field.
close an outputstream without throwing an exception.
add a search listener.
returns true if this is a single attribute container.
creates a new cache entry and moves it to the new location.
open the given file.
toggles the selection of a photo.
this method is called before the component is ticked.
maps a byte to a byte.
produce an event from the target object.
wrap a name if it is a keyword or built - in name.
adds a new issue matcher.
finds the injectscope for the given annotatedelement.
regopenkey registers an open key with a native int array.
remove a property change listener.
returns the index of the previous element in the iterator.
instantiates a new deferredimagereplacement element.
returns true if this name starts with the specified name.
invokeall ( l ) throws exception if all futures are complete.
creates a new internal listener.
sign the given hash using the public key.
constructs a new timeperiod.
creates the edit menu.
removes a listener from the list of listeners.
sets the current state of the model.
is this a bom?.
returns true if the certificate is signed.
parses the given text into an object.
returns the number of parts.
creates a simple database with the given parameters.
adds the file filters to the given chooser.
called when the service is stopped.
returns the next token from the source.
eliminar usuarios organo.
adds a previous layer to the list of layers.
shiftright ( int n ) of a negative number.
computes the ig - norm of two vectors.
finds the first non - whitespace character in the string.
reads the content of this stream.
constructs a primitive with the given value.
creates cash based journal and reversals for the given savings tax.
reads bytes from this reader into the specified buffer.
clears the time between two calendars.
returns the probability distribution function.
appends an unpadded integer to the stringbuffer.
draws the text elements.
test finding spring active directory with limit.
handle a global key event.
returns a hash code value for this object.
strip leading period from a string.
returns true if the given directory is one of the required config directories.
removes all labels from the list.
rotates the z axis by the given angle.
convert a time in milliseconds to nanoseconds.
perform an asynchronous max operation.
creates a balanced web client with the specified username and password.
creates an array signature.
prints the line separator.
increases the size of the buffer to the given minimum.
handles the enumerated attribute.
checks if is load more.
adds a worker if it's not already idle.
removes the node from the frontier.
creates a bitmap font.
returns true if the memory pool is a tenured memory pool.
returns a simple string representation of the vector.
returns the interpreter only if the callable returns true.
adds a selector for the given protocol.
adds a header to the request.
reads the skel section from the given reader.
returns a set of non monogamous samples from a collection of families.
creates the vao for the scene.
checks if the given file contains the given content.
load an image from a file.
updates the status of all egdm collected receipts that have been cancelled.
adds an animation to the animation list.
cleans up the discovery state.
this method is used to initialize the parser.
checks if the given string is in the range [ minlength, maxlength ].
unregisters all watches for the given path.
adds a property to the criteria.
removes a column from the table.
checks if a native protection set exists in the db.
put string to byte array.
check if the query is valid.
applies the given function to this set and returns the updated value.
closes the window and releases all resources associated with it.
returns true if the given loadbalancer service should move.
converts the throwables to their corresponding messages.
creates a new raf.
adds the given number of minutes to the list.
recomposes the variables of the given element.
called when a bound property is changed.
sorts the given array if necessary.
executes a sql update.
performs a text normal command.
initialize the database with the given connection.
adds the given indices to the list.
returns true if the cookie is secure.
load a list of objects from a json stream.
creates a multistepexprlist from a list of expressions.
add wordlen weights to a channel.
updatefk ( ) method testing.
prunes exceptional out blocks.
returns a string representation of this string.
parses the content type from a byte array.
benchmark for non - caching.
add a line to the current line.
parses the stdout and stderr into a conflictresult object.
writes the start of the message to the output stream.
adds the actual qty.
returns true if the character is a vowel.
prints a sql exception stack trace to the given printwriter.
read data from the input stream.
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
builds a row of the given component.
adds the given elements to the list of target elements.
add a curve to the path.
divide : rounding mode is round_up, result is negative.
open the counter data input stream.
constructs a compositepredicate.
reads the next token from the tokenizer.
convert a string to a string.
test if a file exists.
builds the associations from the given data.
replaces the first occurrence of a string in a string.
instantiates a new location helper.
adds an object to the list.
returns the first child element of the given element with the given names.
main entry point for the demo.
returns a hash code value for this string.
test of addallhelpertextcolors method, of class passwordedittext. gethelpertextcolors
normalizes an array of doubles.
writes a message to a file.
returns a hash code value for this object.
returns a random number between start and end.
writes a file to the output stream.
called when a configuration has changed.
returns a keymap instance for the given key.
returns true if the given name is a gm name.
massages the uri if it is a colon or a colon.
deletes the mapping at the specified key from this map.
adds a whole match to the string builder.
starts the timer. this method is called when the timer is stopped.
returns a single row of the matrix.
removes the given characters from the given string.
adds all columns to the result set.
copies the contents of the stream to the output stream.
checks to see if there is a stream drawer.
java. text. bigdecimal # value ( java. text. string, java. text.
copy a component from one component to another.
computes the zetastatic distribution.
calculates the total pending balance for the given work order estimate.
loads a user profile.
scrolls the list by the given increment.
returns true if the symbol needs quoting.
parses a commit counter file.
loads a document from the given file.
creates a new floating comment node.
returns true if the given assign is a hod.
creates a new munger mode with the given languages.
matches the given stat specification.
assign cluster nums to all children.
closes a subpath.
instantiates a new tv show episode scrape task.
save selection to minitable.
creates a new instance of m_notif_types.
removes a build task from the list of tasks.
creates a temporary directory for the given parent directory.
move the point to a new location.
send an event to the plugin.
handle the pressed column of the table.
creates a list of fixed records.
adds the specified attributes to the query.
recomposes the attribute sets.
splits a string by a regular expression.
deletes a dbffdc directory.
returns the last node in the list, or null if none.
appends data to the nal unit.
returns the size of the given directory.
pans the image to the absolute value.
checks that the given object is serialized and that its hash code is equal to the hash code of
returns the url of the reference guide.
calculates the mean of a list of numbers.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
constructs an input stream from the given url.
process the enable fullscreen runnable for testing.
converts an html entity to a string.
writes a byte array to the buffer.
unlocks the ui for the given process info.
builds a map of uris to storagesystems.
encrypts the given plain text with the given password.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
removes the key listener from the editor.
returns true if the connection is secure.
sample a record.
prepares the tenant create param for the given tenant.
throw an internal error if this is not an internal error.
draws the highlight of the node.
returns an instance of the imageencoder for the given format.
apply the pinch zoom image to the imageview.
parses a file option.
returns true if acct balance is balanced.
ensures that the receiver can hold at least the specified number of elements.
returns the detail base for the given method.
closes the output stream.
locks the underlying awt object.
creates a new statement using the specified method and arguments.
deletes an entity by its id.
sets up the setup dialog.
load a client object from an oidc authorization request.
adds a field property.
parses the no wild cards.
returns the baggage environment variable.
draws a series on the canvas.
listens to a mod log.
returns true if the class name is a valid class name.
sets the clock to a new minute.
is data collection scan job scheduling needed.
removes the breakpoints from the breakpoint storage.
replaces the template name with the template name.
reads the remoteeventlistener from the given stream.
adds the specified item to the end of the list.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
create a cluster server.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
minimalcompletedstage ( ) method testing.
writes the directory post resource.
trims the given array to the given size.
returns the potiontype with the given name.
removes a curl mesh from the list of meshes.
sample a nbest list.
post a runnable to the handler.
returns true if the map is closed.
inserts a think time into the script.
adds a node to the graph.
ensures that the buffer's capacity is at least the specified minimum.
removes the given name from the list of names.
read a collection of objects from a json stream.
adds an entity and weapon to the list of targets that are targeted by this swarm.
check if checkpoint exists.
creates an omimageicon with the given values.
copy an inputstream to an outputstream.
write the header to the pdf file.
parses a string from the input stream.
generates the code to unwrap a return value.
formats a link with the given parts.
creates a new jsonexception with the given throwable as a nested cause and source of error message.
check the given array of strings to see if they are valid.
loads the patterns from the file.
returns the list of files in the given directory.
prints out all the children of this edit edit to the given string buffer.
encodes the given integer into the given appendable.
removes the specified overlay from the specified cell.
removes the foreign key at the specified index.
inserts the string representation of the int argument into this string buffer.
adds the gefaehrdungs to the umsetzungs.
normalizes a class path.
creates a new instance of as.
pushes the specified value onto the top of this stack.
converts a node to a string.
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate7 ( ). updates the foreign key value.
perform a history read operation.
validates that the uri is valid.
this method is called when the writer is finished writing.
converts an offset to a physical address.
adds an entity declaration.
returns true if the user is authorized to perform the given operation.
returns the next element in the list.
adds a list of messages to the player.
sets the rational function.
creates a new generic principal.
compares this crl with another.
roll 1 d6 roll 1.
convert an array of septets into an array of octets.
creates a new panel object.
returns the height of the marker at the given index.
consumes a set of topics.
computes the distance between two instances.
finds the sameas chaining for the given subj.
reindex the table in the database.
returns a dot representation of this inference context.
resizes the tables based on the max data size.
returns true if there is a next inet socket address.
convert a percentile level to x.
get queue name from db name.
returns the id for the given type, id and context.
calculates the angle between two touch states.
returns a 16 - bit unsigned integer from the data at the given offset.
remove quotes encolosing option from a file.
generates the label for the given dataset.
returns true if the given string matches the given pattern.
adjusts the preferred size to the new preferred size.
finds the declared field with the given name and descriptor.
constructs a new quarter with the specified date / time and time zone.
instantiates a new util.
associates the specified float value with the specified key in this dictionary.
read a boolean value from a json array.
auto boxing a field.
opens the pdf file.
the main entry point for the program.
waits until a match is found.
construct one signatures from partitions and markers.
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number.
finds the end of trim newline characters.
calculates the coordinates of the glyph.
constructs a java. util. date from a julian.
removes the last element from the queue.
serializes a compact rdf node.
creates a utility table for a given query variable.
convert a list of strings to a float array.
adds the current image to the list.
parses the data from the given stream.
finds the best insertion of the given partial route.
writes a short to the target stream.
returns true if the pool is initialized.
called when the user clicks on a register.
registers a subject to be extra valid.
trims a line from the beginning of the line.
returns the distance between two points.
appends an instruction to the fmb.
returns an iterator over the order list.
verifies that the given domains are not in use.
filter a set of circle intersections.
initializes the test class with the given fixture and method.
finds the serialization type for the given annotated type.
convert an input to an output stream.
creates a new map with the given keys and values.
writes an array of characters.
load a synthesis voice.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
add an incremental classifier listener.
read a four - byte integer from the stream.
generates a collection of certificates from an input stream.
checks if files exist on dest but not on src.
convert an order statement to a blackboard.
sets the state of the block to the given position.
updates the purchase history for the given order.
configures the message label.
removes all limit lines.
removes all elements from the given stream.
computes the metering rectangles for a normalized device.
flushes the underlying output stream.
constructs a vector from an array of doubles.
implements the visitor to look for an inner class.
convert a lon value to a pixel value.
returns true if the world file values appear in geographic coordinates.
stores the given number of registers in the file.
removes a session from the remote session set.
returns a string representation of this element.
returns an iterator over the children of this page.
enable and start the task.
creates a new hmac object.
returns true if this string starts with the specified string.
writes raw bytes to the output.
returns true if the class is a src class.
process a ldif file.
prints the progress to the console.
post a remote release lock to the service.
loads positions from the database.
creates a toggle box with the given text and icon.
adds a batch to the queue.
dequeues an output buffer.
creates a job definition with fixed delay.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
stores long value into local variable.
creates a minimal split for the given number of folds.
sign the xml document with the given cert alias.
displays the current popup.
creates a new abstractsdfwriter.
tries to guess the best firing plan under the specified heat.
create a volumegrouprestobject from a volumegroup object.
posts a list of files to the specified output stream.
clears the list of searchables.
adds an action listener.
adds a number of ingredients to the recipe.
returns the order by.
finds the first walker that matches the given key in the given clone list.
converts a string to a byte array.
returns true if the given string looks like abg.
waits until the build is started.
adds the given character to the list of meta characters.
lookups the matching items for the given template.
find history by job.
quote the given character.
updates the remaining cost of all landmarks in the priority queue.
returns a string representation of this object.
draws an overflow indicator.
writes a line of data to the file.
checks if is pem.
creates a new close listener.
sets the routing of the index.
receive data from the server.
deletes the attribute at the given position.
adds the alphabetic labels to the index.
wraps the given key in a byte array.
creates a new instance of javapluginloader.
adds the separator to the log.
tests whether the save location exists.
loads all the raw modules from the database.
write the data to the output stream.
rounds the given value to the nearest integer value.
converts a map of properties to a type name.
parses the register information from a node.
creates a new namedthreadfactory.
asserts that a group of cpus has the same number of uint16 values.
adds a new sipservertransaction to this sipservertransaction.
sleeps for a given amount of time.
tests split and join of pipe properties.
java. util. hashmap # readvalue ( java. lang. string, java. util
returns true if this thread is busy.
parses bytes from the input stream.
resets the download bandwidth.
tests whether a security role is correctly merged into an empty document.
decodes a full revision block.
removes all character data from the given node.
unlinks p and trail.
mix two frictions.
serializes an object to a json string.
generates the instruction to compile a system register.
checks if native volume expansion is supported.
updates the gui of the roster entry.
converts a number to an oizp number.
returns a copy of this terminalsize with the specified terminalsize.
returns true if the request is a gzip request.
creates a new replay processor.
called when a conversation is shown.
reads a single byte from the input stream.
enqueues a job to the queue.
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number.
the start of an element.
draws the specified string at the specified location.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
updates the current nonce parameters.
matches the storage pools for the given rp system.
calculates the fee for a player.
adds the search history.
trims a list of files from the swf filter.
returns a string containing all elements of this array, separated by the specified string.
write a short to the stream.
sets the order by of the query.
constructs a stemmedstring from orig and stemmed.
creates a lognetworkstream merger.
pack cipher suites into a string.
creates a new extension file filter.
ensures that the tuple array can hold at least nrows rows.
returns true if the argument is an argument.
removes all children of the given node of the given type.
sets the specified value to the specified offset.
returns true if the savepoint is a valid savepoint.
gets the columns for the given result set and editor.
write a collection of strings to a file.
removes all of the elements from this list.
resets the uid validity.
writes a ogg page header.
handles a static site request.
removes a room from the list of rooms.
discharge an amount of energy from an itemstack.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list in proper sequence.
adds all of the elements in the specified collection to the selection.
returns true if the specified feature is in the set of modes.
returns the set of backup partitions for the given node.
loads the image from the given url.
builds the ptr matrix.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
creates a line from an attributed string.
checks if the caller is valid for the given package.
paints the background of the internal frame title pane.
add a graph listener.
restarts the patch installer if necessary.
aligns real and pred with real.
returns true if the product with the given id is a category.
creates new form allstatstablemulti.
appends a file to the ftp server.
provide a list of white spaces.
returns true if the given name is a scoped name.
creates a new input object.
load a configuration file.
generates a sprint for a boolean field.
writes a list of views to a stringwriter.
removes all listeners from the list of listeners.
loads the audiomap xml from the given file.
adds a generic attribute to the list of attributes.
adds a list of events to the list of events.
returns a new instance of the no service loader.
checks that the given uuid is valid for the given code.
prepares the output stream for writing to the given channel.
this method is called when the thread is running.
writes the trace angle restriction to the stream.
create an iv from a literal value.
adds a header to the request.
adds a leaf atom to the tree.
cumulative density function of the normal distribution.
removes the result with the given name.
adds an entry to the filter.
mod ( biginteger a ).
creates a new dentryaliases dialog.
returns the sum of the rows in this table.
calculates the x - axis offset.
called when the activity is finished.
runs the test case.
adds the specified number of days to the current date.
creates a temporary file for the given mime type.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
removes the entry at the given index in the data set at the given index.
runs the read test on the given byte array.
closes the given context.
removes the specified object from the priority queue.
creates a raster that is compatible with this raster.
returns the command line arguments for the scheduler.
adds a solrinputdocument to the analysis request.
executes the specified phase on the specified key.
creates a new simple system permission set.
add a bezier curve to the path.
read the buckets from the shared preferences.
returns the next character in the stream.
accept an app offer.
verifies the given public key and provider.
injects this activity module into the activity scope graph.
waits for the write request to complete.
reads a local date from the stream.
removes a selection listener.
write a number of hex digits.
reads a string from an input stream.
convert a list of type parameters to a list of type parameters.
free space for a file or directory.
reads the contents of an inputstream and closes the stream.
returns true if the goal is within two moves.
creates a new pentreebankreader.
unwrap an array of bytes.
closes the output stream.
apply a row change data to the database.
normalizes a namedlist into a single namedlist.
returns true if the value is infinite.
returns a string representation of the inprogress log segment.
adds the specified value to the list of categories.
receive redundancy from the channel.
output a doctype declaration.
check if a vector is valid.
resolves a base url to a target url.
returns the maximum depth of the given node.
converts a path to an array of urls.
adds the given stacks to the final recipe.
fire a connection closed event.
stores int value into object, volatile.
creates a new number strategy.
creates a uri from a server inetset.
creates a new plot navigator.
adds a new column to the table.
constructs a new point comparator.
adds an element to the given document.
flushes the buffer to the output stream.
adds the first character to the end of the list.
adds an instance of the given class.
read a portion of an array of bytes.
returns true if the window is displayed expecting components.
process a test run started tag.
inserts the string representation of the specified character at the specified offset in this string builder.
adds a root to this proto.
expands the given element or tree path to the given element or tree path.
appends a new cell with the given float value.
creates a new svn configuration object.
ensures that the canvas has the given maximum width and height.
returns true if the given character sequence is normalized according to the given option.
returns a string representation of this attribute.
unescapes som characters from a string.
saves the given entity to the database asynchronously.
reads a copystate from the input stream.
called before a dangling name is encountered.
redeems the given token number and service.
lighten a color by the given factor.
converts operand size to database string.
returns the file name of the given class.
writes a process variable to the output.
asserts that the given qualname is valid.
formats the float array d with the given number format.
packs a string into an array.
removes the viewpoints at the given indices.
clears the on page change listeners.
updates the background color of the breakpoint.
removes a view from the list of ignored views.
write the cache header to the output stream.
returns true if the leased resource has expired.
computes the maximum fill value for a given number.
clears the list of categories, titles and values.
toggles the selected section.
combines a list of files to an output file.
stop scrolling the instance.
executes two kahan objects.
creates a fixed length response with the given message.
peeks the next event from the stream.
replaces the end point with the endpoint.
make a path that is ok.
adds a member value to the pool.
adds whitespace to a list of strings.
computes the widget type name for the widget node.
processes a ftyp atom.
parses the given string into a map of strings with the given separator.
perform an http delete request with the specified status code.
computes the running sum for a set of entries.
returns a copy of this table.
adds the given prefix and key prefix to this configuration.
returns a map of resource name to display name.
creates a new intcolumn with the specified capacity and default value.
returns a string representation of this object.
executes potential work for the given data and imageview.
add a bitmap to the bitmap queue.
adds a listener to be notified when the server starts.
returns the number of bytes available in the stream.
creates a new relation notification.
add data to store.
returns true if the domain is a local host or the domain is a local domain.
computes the entropy of a set of datasets.
save working instances to a file.
calculates the color based on the position and opac factor.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
adjusts the indent of the current block based on the current alignment.
appends the code to the given string builder.
constructs a forward planner for the given dialogue system.
adds a button to the given container.
returns true if the given tag matches the given value, false otherwise.
converts a business object data key to a string.
creates the talk usage.
returns the enclosing method call for the given name, or null if none.
generates an iso image from a ovfenv prop file.
creates an actionable event.
instantiates a new rational object.
removes all notifications of the specified type from this notification list.
unifies the head and body variables of the rule conclusion atom via the given parent atom.
adds the given uuid to the given node.
returns the offset of the given object field.
converts the object to an xml string.
dispose of the run button.
creates a new fluxconcatarray with the additional source first.
shuts down the server and sessions.
checks if the given local id is a valid local id.
binds the given server socket bar.
checks whether the given node is interrupted or not.
resets the output builders.
writes the current carriers to a xml file.
removes a resource listener.
tests whether the android manifest has a main activity.
informs the user of a similar name.
writes the header to the file.
returns the java vendor name.
creates a new voiceresult with the specified match and confidence.
treeify this node with the given tab.
adds a category to the tree.
adds a listener to be notified about drawer events.
edit a note.
adds an entry to the list of entries.
unhides the action bar.
formats a time delta.
deconvolve an array of doubles by a given rate.
collapses newlines in a string.
this method is used to convert the object value given to an appropriate representation.
calculates the total of all values in the given array of valid rows.
open the analysis file.
called when beancontextmembers are removed from the beancontext.
process the given item.
remove instances from containers.
draws a normal message.
kills consist of adr.
start listening to this key.
parses a set of flags from the given bitmask.
verifies that the given signature is valid.
adds a new match string.
returns the current time in milliseconds since the epoch.
hex string to byte array.
stops tracking the given job.
returns the coefficient of the variance of the distribution.
returns a string representation of this coefficient.
creates a new skeletonversionchecker.
upgrades an existing attribute.
convert a canonical name to dalvik name.
emits the ensure collection field.
unregisters a client from the cache.
replace double quotes with replacement.
allocates a new container.
returns true if the uri represents a local resource.
waits for the given path to be mounted.
returns true if this resource is a zone level resource.
validates the message type and return code.
closes all databases.
calculates the md5 digest of the given message.
run the metastore compare job.
deletes all people containers from a set of people.
tests finding the number of recent message uids in a mailbox.
queues an event to be executed.
adds the given message to the list of error messages.
ensures that the capacity of the backing array is at least the given target size.
writes a key / value pair to the stream.
executes a solr query.
returns true if both links have the same freespeed and capacity.
generates a sanitized id.
remove a provider from the list of providers.
parses an xml element.
formats the given money into a string.
deletes an instance of an entryclass from the list of entryclasses.
reads the settings from the configuration file.
log a warning message.
reads a stream as a string.
creates a new arrayfieldvector with the specified size and preset.
unregisters a transaction service plugin.
sorts the array of floats in ascending numerical order.
tests whether a model class is consistent with a model class.
this method is used to find and initialize the map bean.
removes all layers from the list.
returns the number of productions.
create a full path optimistically.
writes the default serializable fields to the specified object output stream.
compares this q with another.
creates a new reflectiveattribute.
processes a log control event.
remove a membership listener.
adds a message to a uri.
present the texture at the current position.
returns the next day of the year.
binds the angular object to the local repository.
removes all elements in the specified list from the specified indexes.
creates a new popup object.
returns true if this string starts with an object.
interpolates the current zoom time.
auto - request the mods for this channel.
returns true if the step contains the given value.
renames a file.
handle the number of errors.
removes the given sensor from the selection.
prints a way.
returns a string representation of this object.
returns the full path of the given object.
returns true if there is a next proxy in the list.
returns true if no object was clicked on.
returns a hash code value for this object.
sets the measurement mappings.
extracts the contents of a zip file into a directory.
creates a new config with the given file.
creates new form gotolinedialog.
send a teardown request to the server.
parses more data from the given image.
test simple ear ping.
returns the length of the filled array.
returns true if this prefix is equal to another.
notify the wifi monitor.
check if an array key exists in the visited post.
remove a diagram change listener.
creates a new connectivity grid with the given key.
removes the leading dollar from a string.
clears the host context.
constructs a p - value.
starts a new stage.
accept a data point.
adds this set to the other set.
creates a new tailer for the given file.
is operating system mac operating system?.
returns the number of values in the list.
creates a new dissuercertificates dialog.
returns the right trim of the string.
adds a message to the fifo.
dispose of the menu.
computes the signed distance between this point and the given point.
expands the given string into real words.
creates an array of doubles with the specified number of elements.
submits a permission request.
test of setting a property on a deployable.
instantiates a new navilogger.
creates a new delete sub - command.
removes cycles from the graph.
returns a string representation of the matrix.
find the ancestor context that matches the given match pattern.
kills the current thread.
encodes the given character buffer.
creates a metrics instance with the given dimension map.
resolves the given class.
returns true if the shape contains the given point.
adds the ith byte to the buffer.
returns whether anti - alias is used.
load the level file for the given table and column.
validates a zero long file.
writes the contents of the list to the data output stream.
apply a mask to a value.
computes the duration in milliseconds.
handle the nitf file.
take a screenshot of the driver.