returns the current count of the field .
compute the union of two bitsets .
handle a close event.
returns a description of the classifier .
returns a union of this segment.
compares two double values.
float value of a positive bigdecimal.
recursively walk through the given directory .
returns an integer array for the given field values .
divide : rounding mode is invalid.
this method gets called when the axis changes .
this method is called when the library has been executed.
returns true if the given type is a string.
validate sql statement .
converts to object array .
returns true if logger is enabled for this logger instance .
this method is used to determine if the player ' s current player ' s weapon is in
creates a new tcpmatcher .
determines the maximum level for the given level .
request that the user code pass to the user.
adds a worker to the worker .
insertfunctionalitytest # testinsert1 ( ) . selects a row in a table with
puts a map entry into the local map.
the end of an element .
send an error message .
deletes the leaf with the given name .
returns a string representation of this vector .
checks whether the character array is valid .
removes a shutdown hook .
returns true if the current scroll is in the current scroll.
waits for volumes that have passed volumes to the volumes.
below method will be used to add additional additional information to the service.
updates the indicator view .
paints the image on the window .
returns true if at this time , at this time , at this time , at the
returns true if the name is prefixed .
releases the given connection.
adds the given actions to this view.
adds a new renderer .
copies a listener to the specified input stream.
calculates the angle for the given value .
returns a buffer for the given buffer.
creates a new instance .
creates a new charseq with the given charseq .
process the http get requests.
notify listeners that the given state has changed.
test for bigdecimal.
formats a throwable with the given exception .
constructs the redis key for the given queue .
decodes the given string using the specified charset.
adds the specified domain name to the list of restricted domains.
creates a new instance .
verify that an auto - increment number is auto - increment .
copy the contents of the given byte array to the given outputstream.
returns true if the list is empty .
renders gif frame .
returns true if the given string is a valid ncname according to the given name
adds a message to the list of messages.
prepare the data set .
builds a proxyregistry object .
verifies that the value is a valid object name .
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
removes the rule from this rule.
copies nodes in the nodelist .
this method checks if the current data has been fetched for the next time .
factory method to create a document type .
returns a byte array containing the bytes stored in this object .
tries to find a style name from the given style name .
next octacode from mpeg format.
creates a map of exportmasks to a map of exportmaskmas.
inserts the array at the specified index.
write an image to the specified scale .
adds a document to the cache.
updates the progress label .
copy input stream to output.
starts a sound with the given type .
draws the canvas on the canvas .
loads the given class properties .
add zero to zero.
convert a gpx object into a gtimestamp object.
determine whether the given event type is a given event type .
read a single byte .
creates the tick axis .
returns the maximum value of the delta .
prints the specified file .
adds a new groundings to the existing groundings .
expect the next token .
test verifies the order of table types .
updates the file with the given path .
removes a swipe listener.
creates a descriptor for a field .
adds the given parameters .
converts an annotation class to an annotation .
returns true if the resource identifier supports a resource.
creates a electronictext component for the given object .
creates a patternexpression .
compute the intersection of two line segments.
updates object with the given object .
returns the unix timestamp in unix format .
returns true if pdf is a pdf string .
draws the grid background .
attempt to reopen a file .
unpack compressed string .
called when the file has been copied .
returns the common submitter queue for this thread pool .
returns true if the given field is private .
divide : rounding mode is round_half_up , result is positive ; distance =
converts all codes in the given string to lower case.
loads the database from the given input stream.
calculates the selection radius for the filter .
determines the width of this view.
test verifies that the put byte [ ] of a byte [ ] [ ] [ ]
called when the user has been added .
parse a local number .
transforms a list of paths to the given vector.
decodes a string into a byte array .
throws an exception if the expression is not valid .
below method will be used to slide from the bottom of the view.
constructs a new mutable immutable .
handle saml request for tenant binding.
creates a new checkpoint manager .
instantiates a new index segment segment .
returns the liveness of the connection .
inserts parameter value into list .
returns the minimum dimensions of the target container .
selects the selected items.
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
appends whitespace to the given text .
waits for the internal editor for the given file .
returns the largest solution value for the given objective population .
convert ylatlatitude to ylatitude.
register a notification handler.
parses the property list .
calculates the score for the current score .
instantiates a new grammaticality estimator .
given a string , return a pair of zone links in a line.
throws an exception if the array is invalid .
process the connection event .
returns the percentage of the values in the specified range .
quietly closes given closeable .
releases the given page context.
adds a new event listener.
returns true if the journal has been committed .
converts a string to a byte array.
loads the properties from the given file .
returns true if the given object is equal to the given string .
parses the given parser .
handle pull event.
get mapping object for a given location.
parse the contents of the given file .
returns the difference between two texts .
creates a new repository .
counts the number of tokens in the tokenizer .
indexes a document at the given index .
reset all common components .
handle exception with error message .
restores the default state of this object .
paint the enabled state of the button .
log a message at the given level .
convert a bigdecimal to zero.
called when an accuracy sensor is changed .
returns true if the command line arguments should be omitted .
set crl number of crl crl crl crl rcrl crl
evaluates the popup menu for the given event .
removes the given task from the queue if it is running .
java . math . bigdecimal # divide ( java . math . bigdecimal ,
ensures that the path exists.
attempt to load a class .
determines the width of this view.
determine if the child is under the child of the child view .
creates a new rule for the given workspace .
writes a byte array to a file .
adds the specified item at the end of the array .
this method checks to see if any custom messages are available for the incoming message .
determines the number of consecutive characters in the given string .
parses the current node and returns the number of elements added .
calculate the scramble height for a maze.
test that verifies that numeric values are correctly typed .
this method is called when the callback is closed .
returns the index of the first object in the specified sequence.
populate list of profiles .
validate the file header .
absolute value of absolute value.
converts an oid name mapping to an omgraphic name.
provide reflective behavior to construct instance of generator given an array of string arguments .
refills the input buffer .
processes the mouse event.
adds a module to the map .
returns true if all tables in the database .
classify features with given feature .
called to bind the viewholder at the given position .
updates the line selection .
draws a rectangle with given width and height .
refreshes the loading view and sets the size of the loading view.
replace the split element at the given index .
start an item list .
returns the number of partitions that can be used to initialize the number of chunks.
invoked when a mouse button has been clicked .
scans the source directories for the given source .
returns true if there is a postponed route .
returns whether or not the selected element has been selected .
constructs a new igfs path from the given uri .
reads a xml element attribute ans cast it to an int value.
returns the contents of the given reader as a string .
add a getter to the set of properties.
mark the usage as used by this method .
this method is called after the user has been created.
handles the state of a key in the state machine .
registers the signature algorithm with the given algorithmuri .
creates a new key - value pairs object .
returns true if the input string contains a word .
checks the interior of the interior of the interior of this segment string.
removes the first occurrence of the specified element.
compose a unary operator .
adds a csv column specification to the list of columns .
converts a field name to a java string .
generate a public key instance with the given algorithm .
throws an exception if the given expression is a valid expression .
executes a sql statement .
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
called when a button is clicked.
create the migration task editor .
expands the given buffer to the capacity .
convert an ipv4 address to an int value.
closes the cursor for the given cursor .
returns true if the pattern was found in the stream .
generates the instruction to push the given int value on the stack .
create a new xml element with the given name .
adds the specified item at the end of the array .
notify the listener that the queue has been received .
transforms the given xml source into the given fop.
splits the input string using default delimiter .
blocks until available data is available.
deletes the given object with the given state .
intersect the current position.
creates a new instance of zipcontentobject .
checks the coverage indices for the subset of the attributes .
finds all values in the argument string .
returns the index of an object in the given array .
append a value to the list .
compares this certificate with the specified object .
appending two strings for comparison .
encodes the given string using the utf - 8 encoding .
returns a histogram of a geo time series .
compute the weight of all nodes of the given node .
creates a new searcher .
adds a field to the query .
creates a completionstage with the given function.
builds the create schema for the create schema.
and for two positive numbers ; the first is shorter.
creates a new streaminfo manager .
returns a conjunction of sentence .
determine if the expression is a suffix .
output the sql type for a java short .
tokenizes the given string using the given separator .
write all modified favorites to the data stream .
updates the last average time .
returns a list of all fields that have been added to this user.
creates a new empty keystore .
creates a new instance of cipherresult.
this method gets called when the slider is changed .
parses a list of strings into a single delimiter .
initializes the layout .
returns true if the frame is running .
creates a default mosaic definition .
creates a result from a query result .
set all trust certificates for https.
returns true if the component needs to be invalid .
adds an internal listener to the internal list .
returns the square root of the given number .
runs all threads in the given thread .
append a character buffer to the buffer .
initialize the owner metadata for the given field .
builds the union query .
constructs a node with a given point .
increases the accuracy of the last accumulated accuracy .
reverts all files in the given directory .
concatenates all the arrays into one given length.
creates a new tags iterator .
increases the current tree up to the root .
returns true if the file is read .
write a number of bytes to the buffer .
called when an item is removed .
pdf of normal distribution.
sort an array using the given comparator .
add a zoom listener.
clears all register nodes in the given register.
fire when an annotation has been selected .
verify the server evidence message .
handle the text in the output.
removes an alias from the service .
extracts an attribute from an attribute.
creates a new escaped writer that uses the given writer .
returns true if the given date is expired .
records a record in the buffer.
returns true if the method signature is a method signature .
remainder of division.
clears the property set .
calculates the distance between two vectors.
this method checks backup files for backup .
converts the given string to lower case .
create a negative number from a sign and an array of bytes.
creates a new op comment .
asserts that the given properties and sets the expected values .
returns the number of elements in this set .
converts string to upper case .
returns an iterator over the required rules .
unlocks the given lock .
formats a text box into a string .
converts the given string to the number of digits.
adds a new drop item to the list .
finds all primary keys in the given primary key .
load the workflow data from the workflow .
returns a hash code for this certificate .
removes the given tag from the tag .
verifies the given secp256k1 instance with the given private key .
deletes the directory .
asserts that all the elements in the ordered list are the same .
returns a string that represents a percentage in the output .
generate the host name for the given host id.
transfers a file into a single file .
unwraps the given expression .
returns true if the segment is present .
draws the next event in time range .
creates lines from the given string .
returns the square root of the given number .
calculates the transition between two points.
converts a number into a string .
encodes a byte array using uri encoding.
create a new message tokenizer .
waits until the player has finished .
helper method to load the cache if it is empty .
instantiates a new navmousemode .
add an event to the queue .
stops a timer with the given name .
returns a summary of the resultset as a string.
creates a temporary directory.
draws a horizontal span .
selects all items belonging to this connection.
creates a new keybuilder instance with the specified size .
returns a list of all nodes that have the given node .
configure the properties from the given root directory .
open a new connection object.
adds the given project to the list of projects.
performs all switch switch direction on the switch port.
sleeps for the specified number of milliseconds .
throws an exception if the btree is not not already found .
calculate the entropy of the given vectors .
returns true if the name is a valid nm name .
parses a double value .
puts a string into the buffer at the current position .
add a rtcp event listener.
creates a new array of the given size if necessary .
report an error message .
connects to the given file .
returns true if the given node is a whitespace or not .
creates a new debugger object .
sets up the file .
removes the given spring .
returns the file name for this object .
parses an n - triples triples string into an object .
resets the active list .
sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order .
closes the parent window .
remove object from cache.
expands the view to the given height .
convert an ip address to an ip address string .
records a failure to the last attempt .
reads a double from the source stream .
returns true if the bar is at least the specified interval in the list .
returns true if the queue matches the queue .
parses a map tile set .
computes the result for a double value.
enables panning on the bluetooth device.
calculates distance between two points.
creates a new url instance .
a method that creates a workflow method to create a workflow .
creates a new file command object .
initialize the manual model .
returns all the ssl connections to the given host .
return the probe ' s next sample .
returns the user form for the user code .
test the mission name .
returns true if this transition transition is equal to another .
attempt to release the disk .
close the receiver .
finds all the classes in the given directory .
getinstance ( ) method testing.
this method is called when the configuration has been modified .
remove a message processor .
construct an instance with the given certificate number .
adds the given set of files to the given file .
puts the specified byte array into the buffer at the current position .
converts a string to a delimiter .
clears all cached images .
parses the hex color from an attribute string .
creates a new lua state .
ensures that the pre - memory size is enough for the pre - memory size .
reads a single character .
limits the clip to the specified region .
shutdown all tasks in the scheduler .
converts a list of ip addresses to inetaddress .
removes new string from a string .
calculate counters for each category .
appends the given text to the html buffer .
migrate all the columns in the database .
retrieves the number of rows in the database .
creates a new jar modifier .
adds an attribute to the table .
associate the given value with the specified key .
sorts the specified array in ascending natural order .
returns true if the sip transaction represents a server transaction .
adds a marker highlighting .
try to read a number of bytes .
asserts that the given assumption is valid .
adds a shopping cart to the cart.
adds a frequent item set.
skip the peek buffer .
a method that creates a workflow method for a vplex consistency group .
show a prompt for a list of urls.
converts the mouse event to the corresponding mouse events .
computes new string with old string .
generate a call identifier .
parses the hour value .
handle key events.
substitute a substitution .
returns a set of known transport.
returns the seconds until idle lockout .
get list of hive databases .
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
returns an approximation for a float approximation .
creates an object from a string .
copies the given document document to the old document .
constructs a new svm .
unlock the given clear lock.
instantiates a new unicode reference .
returns the last index of the specified elements in the list.
writes the buffer to the file .
returns the number of non - negative numbers.
max ( biginteger val ).
this method is used to stop code .
move the mousegrabpoint to the offsetgrabpoint .
writes float from the given float array , starting from the specified offset , to the current
returns true if the given ip address is in the given ipr prefix and the given
locks a given service name .
checks to see if the known cookie is in known or not .
selects an import file .
constructs a new gregicon object.
reads the contents of the given inputstream .
parse a sql statement.
writes a long value to the specified address .
this method is called when the request has been received .
generate a salt for use with bcrypt.
checks if the given key is a valid key .
converts a string to a number.
executes init script if required.
parses an integer value from a string .
prints an object to standard output and then terminates the line .
throws an exception if the number is not finite .
initialize the keyboard buttons .
returns true if the window is not empty .
find the absolute path relative to the given file path .
resets a singleton to a singleton .
and for two negative numbers ; the first is longer.
generate a random string of the given length.
creates a new instance of the exchangemanager .
removes the given attribute from the list of attributes.
delete the given key .
returns true if the exception is invalid.
creates a configuration exception .
adds filler components to the panel .
this method adds the used prefixes to the used contexts .
increments the put time accumulator .
computes and returns a hash of the given byte array .
get the elevation at a given lat / longitude.
creates an observedobject .
deletes all children of a given element .
saves the current component state for the given component .
returns true if the start item is overlap .
ensures that the given value is not null .
read an arraylist from an inputstream.
pad a string with the given length .
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names .
this method is called when the queue has finished .
adds the preference panel .
clears unused access time .
creates gridfieldfactory object .
constructs a shortinterleavedraster with the given samplemodel.
copies the local data file into the local file .
determine if the selected object is in the view.
converts a string to a double.
adds a listener that is notified about changes in the graph .
returns true if the current feature is stable .
calculates the approximate size for the given text .
sets the default values .
returns a string representation of the buffer.
write an image with an imageicon.
updates the slider state .
writes a file to a destination file .
returns true if the given url is a file.
updates the status of the given relaystate .
converts an oid string representation of an oid to an int .
returns a list of the server with the given name .
creates a new genericobjecteditor.
returns true if the line features in this model .
decodes the given input stream into a byte array .
runs the finalization .
displays all text in the textview.
helper method to check if the http request is valid .
adds a foreign key constraint .
this method is called when the activity is created .
push a notification to the client.
appends the given key / value pair to the given string builder .
update the resource map from the default resource bundle .
deselects the item at the given index .
returns true if the given node is a leaf .
adds a listener to the list of listeners.
returns true if the given object is equal to the given object .
parses an array of doubles from the given string .
calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the specified stream
constructs a session wrapper object .
post a batch of requests.
get the program directory .
clears the route list .
create a keystore type from a string .
returns the next mapper .
converts a hexadecimal character to an integer .
returns json representation of the pod .
loads a keystore from the given file .
remove a propertychangelistener from this object.
checks if preference is enabled .
merge two bitsets .
compares this principal entry to the specified principal .
returns true if the user profile is valid .
determines whether the extension of the given filename extension is contained in the extension of the
creates a new instance .
decode a string encoded ascii characters.
creates a kdb database from the given inputstream .
decodes an insert operation .
sort the list in ascending order .
rebuilds the gui of the dialog.
internal routine to process input buffer .
returns the absolute path of the given object .
move to the next page.
returns null if the current thread is null .
returns an unmodifiable list of types .
helper method to perform a batch of rules to delete a rule.
returns true if the element is visited .
creates an instance of this client .
creates a future that is asynchronous asynchronously .
initializes the forecaster for the expected values .
returns true if the mouse event is the given modifier .
emits the given variables .
constructs a uri from the given path .
returns a list of spanning nodes in the specified graph .
reads a single character .
determines if the passed block is natively supported by the native snapshot.
returns a list of all registered services .
removes the code value from a string .
divide : rounding mode is round_half_even , result is negative ; distance =
computes the quantile for the beta distribution.
validate the signed data against the given signature .
returns the number of seqs .
tests that a servlet does not run with a single name .
subtract two positive numbers of the same length.
creates a new queryqueryquery using the given field .
prints a message to the console .
updates the group by the current group by the given entity .
test for invalid gpx xml .
returns a string representation of the given string .
returns true if the given member is a member of the given member .
returns a dateformat for the given string .
writes the given key in the given kml schema .
returns the destination file path .
this method refreshes the user ' s list of users.
creates new bootstrap panel .
return a list of header headers .
clears all the elements of this parser .
adds a new request to the thread pool .
registers a new client object .
parses the base uri from the given inputstream .
parses a date value using the given formats .
removes a value from the table .
finds all codenodes in the given graph .
generate hive files for test files .
renames the editor panel .
determines if the given column is fit in the given column.
initializes the stack trace .
transforms a vector into world coordinates.
replaces all occurrences of the given string with the specified replacement string .
encodes a string using utf - 8 encoding .
draws a rendered image.
skips the line of input .
returns an independence test for the given variables .
handle the given file .
returns a string representation of the milliseconds .
adds a propertychangelistener to the listener list.
creates a new folder with the given folder .
add a typed array to the config.
adds a sub - action to the sub - action .
fill entries with a new entry .
returns true if the given collection contains at least one of the given collection .
asserts that the duration is within the expected duration .
logs the difference between two records .
instantiates a new image .
constructs an instance with the specified timestamp .
constructs a new hashtable object .
converts a linear frequency to a linear frequency.
create a new rounded icon generator .
returns a random number of bytes .
returns a string representation of the dataset .
copies bytes from the buffer .
returns true if the window has expired .
puts a boolean object into the json object .
writes an attribute with the given name and value .
called when an item is selected.
returns true if the asset is valid for the given asset.
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
returns the contents of the buffer as a byte array .
starts fading through all layers .
returns the largest cut of the sorted list of modified files .
adds a textchangelistener to this filter .
returns an iterator over the profiles .
returns true if the string starts with the specified string .
wrap the uri with the given path .
converts a level key to a level number .
returns true if the mouse is dragged on the screen .
initializes the caching filter .
adds common components to the common component .
waits for the given string to be fulfilled .
initializes the generaltable with the given subtree .
reads a single character .
checks if the ping is enabled .
writes a string to a file .
creates and returns a list of keys .
computes the angle between two points.
constructs a new memory cursor .
checks if is enabled .
renders the highlight button based on the preferred state .
creates a transaction that is not serializable .
start the timer thread .
export an object with the given name.
create the db directory.
reads a string from a given stream .
recursively processes children of the query tree .
initialize the message list .
creates a new persistent queue .
outputs a sql statement for the specified object .
returns true if the connection is allowed to this event .
creates a new open graph request .
hide loading state.
restore the bloom filter .
computes the median deviation of the values in the array.
constructs a new sdk exception with the specified root exception .
adds the node to the first node .
notify listeners about property changes.
returns true if the given template is read .
creates a new jminimog .
applies the symbol attributes to the given attributes .
increment the idle count of the idle state .
constructs a remote client descriptor .
read a journal from the file .
start a new server .
returns true if the task is complete .
renders the given string representation of the given uri matrix .
writes integers from the given int array , starting from the specified offset , to the current
adds the given header to the request .
updates the ui of the ui .
generate to source of the class.
submit a callable to the pool.
verifies that the bucket name matches the bucket name .
validate a user request .
formats the given object into a string .
calculate the difference between two values.
determines if the given consistency group is deleted .
close the given closeable .
attempts to receive a message from the queue.
remove all the elements from the specified range , starting at the specified index.
refills the input buffer .
stops all the bk files .
adds the given criteria to the filter.
release all selected items .
creates a hashmap mapping from a file.
delete a load name that the track will either service or exclude . see setloadoption.
validates that the given vm name is a compute name .
creates a string from an array of elements.
remove the given argument index from the list .
replace a resource in a policy tree .
creates an atomicarray with the specified length .
copy file to destination file.
recompute the separation of cluster separation.
creates a square image with the given width and height .
handles a failed entry .
writes an element to the start of an xml element .
adds the specified process listener.
replaces the search string with the specified string .
internal method to store a byte value.
constructs a new instance .
generate a salt for use with bcrypt.
draws the description of the description .
parses a number of bytes .
returns the link language for the given language.
updates the address space .
construct a publisher from a publisher.
deletes the directory on the given directory .
creates a new snowball object.
adds the segment to the heap .
deletefunctionalitytest # testdelete5 ( ) . attempts to delete row with referencing ones
creates a channel with the given payload .
changes this point to the size of the p_shape.
inserts a row into the database .
adds default uri to the uri .
translate a sequence of records into a sequence of characters .
returns the distance between a point and p_point.
creates a copy of the number.
runs the test case .
this method is used to patch the patch ids for the ids of the ids
read a byte array .
returns true if the given bean is running .
constructs a new pseudo probability distribution pdf .
checks if is enabled .
validate the key file .
adds a response code listener .
calculates the log likelihood of the current data .
returns true if the state is reachable .
subtract two money objects.
compares two objects for equality .
skips the next line in the reader .
list the target volume .
converts a string into a bytebuffer .
performs the next iteration .
load the raw characters from the buffer.
instantiates a new signature element .
creates a new path node with the given parameters .
adds a wheel change listener .
parses the given directive number .
returns a string representation of the int array.
converts the given buffer to the signed bit buffer .
this method checks the given token for the given token.
writes an attribute with the given name and value .
expands all the nodes of the tree .
describe vocabulary mapping .
invokeany ( c ) throws nullpointerexception.
instantiates a new signal group sub - table group .
generates a list of x - values from the given string.
compare to a biginteger.
put the service in the given attribute map into the given service.
creates a new decoder that decodes the specified uri .
convert color color to rgb color .
shows an error message .
parses a header value pair .
removes all characters in the given string from the given string .
returns the cosine of the angle in radians .
called when the fragment is destroyed .
remove a vetoable property change listener.
this method is used to check if a file exists in a new file.
create a windowsfileattributes from a given location.
flatten a map to xml serializer.
handle the given event .
returns true if the full entry is full .
determine if the given module is a module .
write an annotation to the stream .
creates an ip address from an ip address .
returns true if the revision name exists in the repository .
retrieves all account info from the given date .
returns a copy of the arguments .
this method is used to walk all the items in the tree .
like datainputstream . readchar except little endian .
calculates a truncated date and a number of dates .
creates a list of phrases from the given word .
returns true if the url is a booksearch string.
returns the class name for the given class name .
removes the title prefix prefix .
forward a message to the client.
returns true if the given service attribute is relevant for the given attributes .
check if two objects are equal.
returns the car at the given road address .
transform a class name to a slashed class name.
calculates the average for the values of the row in the matrix .
creates a new location for the given name.
closes this reservation .
removes an oma download from the database .
returns true if the local directory in the android project directory in the android directory .
returns true if the token has expired .
resets the persistent policy state .
returns true if , at this time , at this time , the object will accept a
returns the value of the given vector .
invokes the specified parameterless method .
given a stream , return the result from the given stream .
adds a button to the panel .
map requests to the given request.
changes the input field to the target .
returns a string with the given string .
inserts a double into the bin .
returns a new instance of this class.
creates a new format spec .
appends the given string to the given string builder .
returns true if the collection is empty .
schedules a playlist task .
determine if the current variable is read .
action to be performed.
returns a string representation of the vector .
returns the integer value of the given int .
send a verbose log message .
save the indexes of the index to the database .
calculate the score for the closest match pattern.
move the delta down to the delta.
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one .
inserts a string .
returns a string representation of the object .
this method is called when the data is sent to the server .
copy the contents of the given reader to the given output stream.
checks if the number of zk is currently running .
perform an inverse transformation .
asserts that a given code and throws an exception if the given code fails .
send a packet to destination.
process a boolean value .
loads the rmap table for the rma key table .
this method performs a list of wo ' s for the given criteria .
constructs a week instance .
creates a new blocking queue .
encodes a certificate and signs it with the given signature .
schedules a timer at the specified period .
abbreviates a string to a shorter string .
this method is called when the wraps test is called .
checks that the given row index is valid .
cleans up all symbols in the symbol table .
determines the attack strength of an attack unit.
returns a new name with the given identifier .
parses the string representation of the given date .
returns a string representation of this thread .
returns true if the character is whitespace .
removes the given request .
removes all indices from the given classifiers .
add a property change listener.
returns the number of checkpoints that have been processed.
add an item to the list.
adds a listener to the list of urls .
adds the passed virtual array uri to the set of virtual arrays .
returns true if the cell is editable .
returns the trash of the selected blocks .
concatenates the given data array into a list .
instantiates a new decorator .
validate the custom catalog for custom catalog.
creates a new instance of the functionpool with the given parameters .
determines if the sdk ssd ssd ssl ssd . ssl
inserts a child at the specified index.
restores the selection state .
returns a copy of the buffer .
cleans up the audio state .
consumes the given events .
updates the ui from the table .
compare to zero.
generates a random gaussian distribution .
computes the over scroll over scroll offset for the current scroll offset .
constructs a new vector with the specified capacity .
process the invite request .
gets logger from given object .
read a receive delay from the receiver.
writes the given number of times .
returns a hash code for this object .
parse string to int.
returns true if the argument is invalid .
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
this method is called when a motion is fired .
remove a batch clusterer.
returns a new lock for the given lock .
removes the given object from this object.
wraps given byte array .
parses the given base value as a string .
valueof ( long val ).
inserts the specified element before the specified position into the receiver.
increases the capacity of this map .
construct a sided plane from a pair of vectors.
determines if the input stream is a gzip stream.
insert operation into map.
clears the config object .
registers a decayable object .
asserts that the given string contains the expected string .
removes the class from the list .
verifies that the completion stage is completed .
renders the frequency spectrum .
destroys the class loader .
deletes the attachment point.
total number of files that are recovered.
processes the given materialized model .
deletes the assignment to the given assignment .
formats the given object into a string .
compares node status to given node and status .
gets thread dump dump .
check the audio buffer and start it .
checks if the given input string matches the filter .
removes the first element from the stack .
initializes the builder builder .
returns the interceptor for the standard error .
create missing values for missing values.
normalizes the given path string.
start the launcher thread .
expands a hidden filename .
attempts to add the current buffer to the queue .
updates the value of the current selected form.
returns true if there is more data .
appends the given parameter string to the given parameters .
completes the heartbeat message to the server.
decrypts the given byte array with the given key .
loads the private key .
removes a listener from this snapshot .
returns true if the critical extension extension is not supported by this cextensionextension
returns true if the string is not in the array.
this method clones the given node .
clean up the security context .
initialize the kafka server .
generate a list of urls from shard shards .
creates an inputstreamreader that uses the specified charset .
generates a byte array for the given color .
adds a vertex to the graph .
configures the local server .
returns the index within the specified character sequence .
append a string to the buffer .
push a name onto the top of the stack .
returns a string representation of this object .
creates a new meta datatype .
removes years from the year.
constructs a new data event .
returns a list of bean with the given bean .
adds the given bracket after the current bracket .
attempts to create a formatted string for the given number formatter.
fill picks based on the picker.
creates a copy of the field .
create a zero number from an array of zero bytes.
cast an object to a java object.
deletes the file on the directory .
initialize the step .
prints an annotation from the given editor .
adds a point at the end of the polygon .
loads the configuration from the given reader .
adds an item to the adapter.
add an annotation element to an xml element .
reads a boolean value from the stream .
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names .
returns the lgamma gamma function of the gamma function .
starts the tick timer .
returns a cipher instance for the given id .
creates a pending actioncontext for the given action .
show the dns markers for a class name.
resolves a new expression .
pick up the size of the largest size in the given list.
verify the log record for the given record.
copies the specified content to the clipboard .
returns a percentage for the download size .
updates the actions based on the action parameters .
makes a mutable object immutable.
recursively track an image for the given hexadecimal image.
parse string to date.
returns true if the node has been processed for the given node .
this method is called by the wavehandler to power of the receiver .
returns the trie for the given edge .
generate crl from the given stream .
deletes the realm configuration under the realm .
returns singleton instance of datasourceviews .
returns a string with the correct color .
loads the xml definition .
gets the id of the request .
decompress the compressed data .
poll the statistics about the given file .
closes the underlying stream .
compare the remaining chars of this buffer to another char buffer .
creates a new header for the given matrix .
adds the average value for the aggregate function.
extracts a policy notification object from a policy object .
flush the underlying journal .
finds parcel object with specified class .
decodes a field name from a field name .
returns true if the authentication token is set .
adds a new content item to the list .
converts a class name to a canonical form .
pause a number of milliseconds .
returns true if the edge is hidden .
prepares the job to run .
removes a change listener.
create the class fields .
returns true if the vehicle is flying.
creates and initializes the thread buffer.
removes the regular expression from the given string .
helper method to pop up the scrolling of the scrolling state .
retrieves a list of ways to find a way query .
release all image items .
returns the number of entries in the queue .
adds a new entry .
called when dialog is closed .
create a new file attachment.
adds a new node to the list .
constructs a deleteevent from a json object .
returns true if the full copy is full copy of the full copy .
read a qd string .
returns true if the buffer ' s buffer size is large enough .
reset the index buffer time .
subclasses should implement this method to override this method to override this method to implement the appropriate
checks if the external storage is on external storage.
returns the plural form of the given noun.
verify the xml element for the given element .
adds the given video to the end of the list .
determines if the specified coordinate is in the target touch zone for a horizontal bar handle
read the transport system.
returns true if the prefix is a valid integer .
unshashes the main hash hash to the main hash .
adds an item to the menu .
returns the number of names in this collection .
generate a random array of d - dimensional points.
parses parameters in a method .
adds a new site token to the http session token.
deserialize a distribution string from a string .
converts screen coordinates to pixels .
send a message to the peer socket .
push a context onto the stack .
choose a new bookchooserchooserchooser.
creates a new instance of file.
normalizes all zeros .
adds a new location to the table.
creates a new formatter .
encodes the given string using the specified charset .
checks to see if there are enough space before the next path .
returns true if column name is allowed for input column name.
convert a string to rgb color .
add a propertychangelistener to the listener list.
test that an empty blob is empty.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
subtract two positive numbers of the same length.
restores the location of a file .
wait for the data to be loaded .
fill an array with the values of a black - harris matrix .
calculates the cbcc hash of the given key .
returns a hash code for this instance .
increment number of packets.
parses the sentence from the given text .
sets the data directory for the given data directory .
called when an item is consumed .
returns true if the rule part at the current position part with the rule part .
parses a bigdecimal string into a bigdecimal string .
register the given operator .
performs an action on the given permissions.
deletes subgroups from group container.
creates a new glowtask .
initialize the runtime compiler .
returns the native dev mode .
sends the next byte to the stream .
encode the given object to a base64 string .
creates an image service .
add new profiles.
checks whether the given string is a valid identifier .
returns true if x1 is less than x2 .
move a node to a new location.
create a list from passed objx parameters.
adds a macro record .
adds email to user.
returns the best hash function for the given hashcode .
read a number of bytes .
returns true if two arrays are in the same order.
loads the entries from the file .
removes the specified transaction at the specified position .
encode types into map.
clears the assertion info .
add operation results to the arraylist.
generate the branch plan for the given table .
adds a switch port to the queue .
( since linux 3.
returns true if this type is equals to another .
returns true if this mech has been armed .
verifies that the range is valid .
checks if the given script is enabled .
compares this object with the specified object .
returns the name of the object.
returns the md5 digest of the given string.
returns true if the given file name is valid .
inserts the string representation of the object into this builder.
handles the mouse event.
load the unpacked version of the unpacked file.
disables the consistency group for the given volume .
computes the rhumb path for a rhumb path .
returns the index within the specified array .
returns the maximum size of the target container .
read the contents of the given inputstream .
update the given number of events .
logs expired lease entries .
remove a new ripple at the given index .
write string to buffer .
consume a number of topic records.
compares this object to another object .
compares two version strings according to 2.
checks whether the given vector is valid .
determine if the expression consists of adjectives .
change the location of a loco.
removes the specified child from this target .
notify the class observer that the given class has been registered .
generates a dup2d instruction .
determine if mime type is an app xml element.
creates a new native page for the given tab .
throws an exception for parsingexception .
creates new custom editor .
creates a new instance .
factory method that creates an instance of a single value .
converts the given field type to the corresponding java type.
adds an xml element to the end of the tree .
finds all children of the given content type .
creates dictionary from input stream.
collapses a building a building of building.
this method performs an asynchronous thrift call to detach an iso volume.
reads an npc message from an npc message .
show the open window.
persists a profile to the profile .
adds an undoable action to the undo stack .
creates a new list of integers in the given list.
adds the last ping time to the list .
encode into canonical form .
tears down the database .
returns a substring of the given substring of the given string .
removes a custom sformform listener for a custom sash form .
writes string to file .
deletes the session variables .
returns a string representation of this date .
close the underlying stream .
parses the given string as an integer .
writes the entire resultset to the given resultset.
and for two negative numbers.
verify that the given device matches the given fields.
adds a time period to the window .
returns the intersections of this iterator.
returns true if ttf is ttf.
register the provider for the given macro .
constructs a map with the specified initial capacity .
creates a new instance .
populates the blob blob with the base content .
turns a bitwise into a positive bitwise .
adds key to cache .
analyzes the fields of a class .
checks if the current log level is enabled .
loads all code values from the given debugger .
runs the test case .
returns the criticality of the key .
finds the editable name of the editable table .
creates the default backup file.
returns true if the list of new followers has new follower .
handle a trackpoint .
fire a property change.
parses a given string .
sorts the given fields in the sorted array .
draws the background of the screen .
adds an attribute name to the unique attribute name .
this method validates a deletevmresponse object , raising an exception if the response reflects an
runs the test case .
limits the maximum scale of the given matrix.
returns the valuefactory for this event factory .
constructs a new state refresh token with the given data value .
puts a style id to the current style .
extracts the client name from the given host name.
creates a future from a stream .
returns true if the passed action is in place .
adds a view to the list .
read a byte array from the input stream .
play the media media.
converts string to utf - 8.
returns the cache flags for the given store .
adds a new data source to the model.
adds a new value to the weight matrix .
builds a row of the given string .
formats the given date with the given format .
determine if the given group is a child of a group .
throws an exception if the array exceeds the specified number of items .
returns the next locator that is in the locator .
this method is called when the service has changed.
launch an email intent.
returns the number of values in this set .
inserts the specified element at the end of the list .
add a translator to the class.
writes a number of char in little endian string .
reads the next line from the input stream .
returns true if the given regular expression matches the regular expression .
writes the spatialtable object to the given file .
add a fixed view to the adapter.
adds a new close hook .
executes the runnable in the caller ' s thread .
updates the range of values .
determines if the string is a valid octet .
read the configuration file .
this method adds the trading bonus to the trade ' s trade ' s trading if the player
returns the text at the given url .
creates a new set of traces from the given trace .
interrupts all threads that have been cancelled.
registers the default device type.
this method is used to remove dependencies from the given dependencies .
draws ticks on the axis .
create an insert function .
test de busqueda open ldap.
create a positive number from a string value and radix 10.
determines whether the specified character is in the specified encoding .
deletes an entry with the given name .
removes all the highlights of the given tags .
enqueue successors in the successor list .
adds a new role to this user.
creates a new module object .
constructs a query instance .
invoked when the response has been received .
this method parses the index snapshot shards from the index .
creates a forum post .
returns true if the player has been armed .
creates an attribute key for the given element .
creates a new sparse matrix with the given values.
get the tuple with the given field value .
updates the enabled form of the input fields .
generate a string representation of the id .
reset the total stats .
convert a string to a default value.
remove item at given index.
shiftleft ( int n ) a positive number.
open the filter dialog.
returns the number of pixels between two points .
returns true if the popup is allowed to show .
creates a new local git repository .
returns a vector2 containing the x and y values of this vector2 .
adds a call to the test method.
serialize the test package .
verify the blockmirror that the blockmirror object doesn ' t exist .
creates a new formatter .
remove a text listener.
creates an xml element for this tenant .
clears the data buffer .
applies the camera matrix to the given camera .
creates a resultet for a given point .
adds the passed volume to the list of volumes if it is already present .
creates a new temporary file .
part of an annotation by target type.
load the buffer from the file .
called when the picker is clicked on the screen .
resolves the given name into the canonical form .
initialize the tool tip text .
decodes an array of encoded string .
calculate the offset of this view.
returns the signal that the signal has been received .
generates a new seed .
renders the given value .
stops the audio sampling .
reverse the list of points.
creates a new dviewcertificatepair dialog .
initializes the system factory .
waits for waiting for completion .
clamp a double value .
parses the host name into a host directory .
formats a time to a string .
returns an array containing all of the elements in this set in proper sequence.
returns a string with the given string .
appends all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this list , in
updates the current application state .
converts a string of utf - 8 bytes into a byte array .
converts a string to a list of mapping.
returns true if the label is valid .
adds a message observer to this object .
adds the initial character to the edit text .
converts a byte buffer to a hex string .
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
returns a norm of a uniform distribution.
this method is called by the native code .
returns true if the given sub name is known to this server .
compute the difference between two expressions.
checks if is stored .
returns the size of the given directory .
returns true if the bit value is in the search bit set .
creates a new age file filter .
calculate the major tick .
returns the next row .
puts a sample with the given sample .
unsets the two directed edges .
converts a swtf file into a string .
writes the given classfile to the given file .
creates a new connection .
returns a vector that contains the given objects .
notify listeners that the version listener has changed.
accept a drop operation .
clears this criteria instance .
returns a printable representation of the receiver .
returns a copy of the path .
has the user chosen to import from a pkcs # ?.
creates a new instance .
checks if engine is valid .
asserts that two floats are equal concerning delta.
calculates the derivative of the set of values .
loads properties from the given file .
replace all occurrences of the pattern with the given pattern.
lists the jms service name .
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the other
the object implements the writeexternal method to restore its contents by calling deserialization .
creates an item label generator using default number formatters .
constructs a vector3 with the given x and y values .
returns the adjusted value of a negative number.
clears the column list .
is last invoice costing method.
set the port proxy port .
extracts the cluster name from the cluster name.
helper http function to get list of service cards.
creates new dviewprivatekeypair dialog .
sample conditional migration events on a branch .
returns true if the attribute value is an attribute .
decodes an ascii string .
this method gets called when the tree changes .
removes a propertychangelistener from this object.
transfers a node after a node in a sync operation.
creates a new intent that will be used to send the user to the user ' s
creates and returns an updater for objects with the given field .
converts a map of values to a map .
[ < rn > , + / - < rm > < rm > < rm >
builds a row limit for a row .
returns the first common layer of the p_layer .
remove items from the stack.
save all indexes to the index .
add an item to the list.
executes the given command on the given command .
expands the given location .
move the next token .
save the provisioning validity.
write the extension to the deroutputstream .
create a cluster .
returns a reference value corresponding to the given integer value .
runs the test case .
write string to output stream .
adds a record to the stream .
calculates the sha256 hash value for the given data .
helper method to add the property value for the given property.
asserts that two objects are equal.
write actions to string .
this method is called when the object is interrupted .
encodes a byte array into a string .
helper method to read the frequency of a feed .
routine to read a long value.
shiftleft ( int n ) a positive number.
returns dependencies from a file .
generate the appropriate response for the tenant in tenant .
asserts that the given label is equal to the given label.
interpolates a list of subsequence nodes in the given list .
initializes the tokenizer .
throws an exception if the message was received .
this method is called when the worker thread is running .
this method is used to read the next data from the file.
locks the file for the given channel .
open a datagram socket .
returns a string describing the filter .
executes the given script .
disables the given feature .
remove a listener for zwave events.
returns the current python time in python .
adds the given array of items to the new array .
adds a java keyword to the given name .
builds a recipe from the database .
checks the state of the given boolean expression .
adds a statement to the database .
returns true if the queue is locked .
determine the current time .
tries to find a class .
resets the notes text .
set the rtc stamp.
writes a string to a file .
populate the navigation drawer .
runs the test case .
converts to object array .
record audit log of the call log service .
computes the mean of all elements in the given array .
constructs a string from ntimetimestamp .
selects the given media type .
paint the border of a component .
increases the capacity of the array if needed .
invalidate the contents of a resource buffer.
adds a class to the file.
checks if mineshafter is present.
tests this renderer for equality with an arbitrary object .
returns true if the given node has a child of the given node .
deletes the item at the given index.
returns the number of css properties.
prints a string to the stream .
checks the given object permissions against the given object .
displays all text in string font definition.
creates an intent that maps the given url to the given map.
generate query parameters .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image.
removes an attribute from the list.
extract the given field name from a signature.
paint the preview image with the specified dimensions .
opens and starts the camera.
removes all values from the series .
partition a list of integers in the given array .
update the window ' s window .
clears all the results from the adapter .
finds all widgets in the specified container .
output the symbol for the given symbol .
make a shoppingcartitem.
returns a string representation of the distribution.
updates the border text area .
adds the given classes to the result set of classes .
resets the reference map .
decode the mcci encoded unsigned integer .
this method is called when the schema has changed .
sort the key values according to the given key .
parses and returns normalized version of datetime object.
adds a serialized message to the queue .
converts a query string to a dbid object .
write a short value .
prints a long followed by a newline .
creates a new thrift metadata object .
creates a raster with the same layout but using the same width and height and height
returns an invalid constraint for invalid entity .
checks the start of a block .
initializes the layer with the given url .
returns true if the receiver is in the list of replys .
creates a properties object from a given string .
selects the given node with the given query .
turns a string into an array of strings.
compares two languages of the given locale.
read a prepared statement.
adds an entry to the dataset .
compares this mbean to another .
ends the given connection .
creates a new panel object .
doubles the capacity of this vector.
change the open jpg info .
returns the full path for the given url .
load the manifest from the manifest .
converts the original reference type to the original array.
adds a column at the specified index .
read data from the input stream.
removes the given display from the display list .
returns the next gaussian distribution .
broadcasts all listeners to the event queue .
updates the status header for the given message.
instantiates a new android http client .
adds a new entry to the local cache .
adds a geotoken .
test with no solution .
deletes the given file or log if it exists.
removes the value at the specified index .
adds a group member to this group .
constructs a logger instance .
increment the value of a bin .
checks the given expression for the given expression .
copies all of the fields in the specified map to the specified value .
returns true if the given string contains the given substring .
computes the median deviation of the values in the array.
initialize the registered plugins .
stop the session.
set the flag to be saved .
creates a new uploaded video request .
decodes a message with the checksum .
creates a multicast socket that is connected to the specified port.
checks to see if the subset of the subset is selected .
validate topic for message.
creates a new instance of this class .
returns the next member .
encode line suffix .
returns true if the font is system.
adds the given url to the list of possible strings .
sets all the fields of the given document .
creates a new instance of the client .
initializes the root view .
creates the soap response .
tests whether enum is mutable.
returns the uri of this uri .
test that the two wildcard identifier is correct.
returns true if the given file is in the target directory .
skips the specified character at the specified position .
removes all of the elements in the specified collection.
atomically updates the tail of the given node and sets the tail of the tail of the
returns the phonenum with the given string value .
loads a list of resourcebundle .
returns a set of remote copy of the remote copy of the given set of the remote
converts html to html.
adds a new lock to this block .
evaluates the uf2 problem .
reloads the property with the given property period .
converts a move to a string .
creates an image with the given width and width and height .
display the state of this class .
writes given string to given writer.
ensures that the capacity of the array can hold at least the given number of characters .
decrements the refcount of this ref .
converts x509certificate from x500principal .
asserts that a description of the given resource .
returns true if the flat representation is flat.
build the limit of network networks.
evaluates the rp rule for an rsa token .
adds all of the series to the list .
exit program with error message .
compares two term terms .
merges this instance with the same amount .
generates a fully - qualified class tag .
flush any pending elements .
creates the default configuration .
creates a new extended type .
validates that the given path is equal to the given path .
starts the thread pool .
undoes the last action .
removes the given column .
returns a string representation of the histogram .
peek from the input buffer.
helper method to scan a block within the scan result.
returns the hash code for this subcondition .
balance segment segments.
creates an instance of the drawer.
returns true if the user has any group partitions .
inserts the string at the specified offset .
reads the next unicode point .
put an integer into the given byte array.
creates a new item .
process the tag.
consumes the remaining bytes .
adds an outer join clause .
encodes a string into a directory .
retrieves an item from the queue.
add a swipe listener.
returns the number of patterns contained in this pattern .
writes an unsigned integer to the given output stream .
add two positive numbers of the same length.
adds a new header option .
store the key store.
appends a pointer to the pointer hierarchy.
sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order .
returns a string representation of this object .
returns the last element in the list .
sleeps for the specified number of milliseconds .
returns the index of the first element in the list .
determines whether the given set of modifiers implies package access .
writes the contents of the given file .
creates a new window decorator .
writes bytes to the output stream .
write a message to the log .
this method is called when the device is received from the list of updates.
subclasses can override this method to handle a change of the remote data .
convert a file to a file.
insert all the properties into the template .
change the given component.
draws the contour.
save a certificate to a string.
clears the listener list .
invokes the specified parameterless method .
returns true if the line is in the current line .
this method is called when the service is ready .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
returns true if the packet is a spi packet.
this method is called by the appropriate handler for the form of the message handler .
returns true if the bean ' s version of the given version number is suitable for the
clears the given view map .
adds the logical granular granular information to the given table .
reads n bytes from the stream .
adds a new subscription to this subscription.
creates a new instance of xpath.
reads the process from the given process .
constructs a default topology .
build a qualifier for the given qualifier value .
returns a string with the given name .
returns a new color with the given color .
the current state of the stack .
determine the ui and ui.
converts an image to a bufferedimage.
this method is used to read an array of json objects.
returns the list of available terminal nodes .
removes the specified sensor selection listener .
write a single character .
test that we can try to load a dex file .
registers a timer manager .
returns a new instance of timezone .
initialize the keystore .
convert image data to native image.
returns the stacking markers for the given filename.
discards a service to the discardregisters .
returns true if the given state is a final state .
generate a scale based on the range parameters .
writes the tree block .
returns a hash code for this glyphs .
compares this map to another .
the declaration of the dtd .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image.
cleans up the database .
creates a new argument exception with the given exception .
compress a string for a zlib .
add file to mime type.
implementation of the dtd .
convert a timestamp to a string .
converts a byte array to a string .
prints a double followed by a newline .
returns a string representation of this ip address .
returns true if the chk host name contains a zk .
this method is called by the database .
returns a hash code for this uri .
creates a new instance of this fragment .
imports a trl table .
creates a new result reader .
this method is called when the connection is successful .
excludes from the given identifier .
returns true if the connection error occurs during the specified exception .
returns true if this is reliable.
put an operand stack onto the stack .
get the max value for a short.
support for reporting changes for properties.
encodes a string using utf - 8.
creates database entities for the given storage policy policy .
creates the pdfobject from the given pageobject.
adds a key - value pair to the map.
save boot property.
append a record to the file.
write timestamp in binary format .
get the difference between two strings.
converts a string into a morphema string .
deletes the given file .
return a path for a checkmark mark .
initializes the cached directory with the root directory .
constructs a new socket listening to the specified address .
cuts the selected bean .
adds a remoover .
fired when the layer has been performed.
adds an entry to the model .
ensure the size of the children of this node .
constructs a new uuid .
creates a new pretty printed number with the given number .
renders the given component in the given context .
constructs the tsdb database .
registers a new selection key .
multiply two positive numbers of the same length.
processes a follower info message .
executes a single row from the database .
returns nanoseconds in nanoseconds .
create a clone of a format .
send a request to the future .
returns true if the string is null or 0 - length .
enables the given capability.
extract the current stack trace variables from the current stack trace .
add an integer to the config.
converts a full width to a string.
asserts that two collections are equal.
returns true if the response body contains a http response .
returns the number of available processes .
adds a value to the accumulator .
determines whether the last action should be executed.
move the cursor position to the next word .
handler to dispatch messages to the startup , and dispatch it to the startup .
delete the volumes in the zoningmasks.
shuts down the best alignment file .
paints the icon at the specified location .
zooms the position to the specified position.
list of shard channels .
returns true if the file is hidden .
determines whether the scroll view can be scrolled or not.
loads the manifest from the jar .
invalidate the sortable string .
adds a new row to the head of the table .
creates a jar with the given name .
scrolls to the specified day.
returns true if the given value is in the map .
closes a jdbc connection.
add details to the message.
adds a colormap listener.
compute the p_dist distances .
appends the given string to the given suffix , if it ' s not already in the
returns a json array of the filesystem system.
creates an exception with the given process .
returns true if the networkmonitorname exists in the network monitor.
adds the given predicate to this predicate .
increments the roll of the dice.
returns canonical options .
close the given closeable .
push a envelope of encrypted messages to be sent.
returns a random integer between 0 and max values.
test that the next statement is closed .
push the drawable list.
populate task list with task list .
returns the minimum tuple with the given field value .
returns the tip text for this property.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
start scrolling based on a fling gesture.
adds a new navigator listener.
closes the stream .
cumulative probability density function.
extracts a series name from an array of samples .
reads characters into a portion of an array .
send a log message .
expands the given string at the given index .
checks if two strings are equal.
creates and runs the cluster .
returns true if all coordinators are used for the given board direction.
stop the thread and close the connection.
expands the system id to the given uri and returns the absolute path if it is
frees a message cache .
returns true if the string builder is equal to the specified string .
convert a uuid to a long.
adds a new vm argument .
apply a visitor to a given field .
compareto ( biginteger val ).
verifies that the screenshot is valid.
attempts to remove the target volume from the snapshot .
returns the reverse sequence .
change the filterreference to the path .
reads the next line of input .
adds a scene to the scene .
returns the home page .
returns true if the taxonomyinfo contains the taxonomy .
removes the specified listener from the collection of listeners.
replace the given node with the given type .
handles save button request .
deletes the maximum x and y .
atomically removes all of the elements from this vector .
called when an item has been completed .
creates a tree node with the given value .
constructs a new instance .
creates a new code attribute attribute .
constructs a binary output stream from a file .
reads a class descriptor .
creates a new file.
or for zero and zero.
execute a prepared statement .
creates a new instance of authenticationconfig with the given credentials .
ensures that the given string is not empty .
cancel the unnamed task .
returns the minimum and maximum of the given values .
creates a new criteria object .
attempts to read a character at the specified position .
updates the request parameters with the given authname.
tries to add spaces around a string.
removes the bookmark icon from the set of images .
creates a new metric group .
returns true if the point is inside the window .
resolves the protocol factory .
returns a list of loopback addresses.
calculates the sample size for the sample size .
returns true if the given status has the given status.
returns a description of this classifier .
computes the pf - s algorithm .
adds a channelmap to the channel map .
adds the specified object to the priority queue .
store a resource in cache.
parses a uid range of uids.
this method replaces the suffix.
executes a claimed task .
create the directory .
method to handle update button.
converts a class file into a bytecode .
returns an iterator over the target targets .
sets the scrolled content of this scrolledcontent to display the current content .
returns a hash code for this object .
creates map from poolindexedindexes.
creates new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog .
creates the separator .
adds the specified object at the end of the array .
builds the entry list .
generates a new md5 hash .
and for two positive numbers ; the first is longer.
write a number of bytes to the buffer .
opens an open file for the given file .
cast a date to a java date.
get the closest integer to the nearest integer.
creates a new plaintext component with the given short string.
creates a copy of the parameterinfo instance .
creates the component changes in the component history .
create a new instance .
returns true if the file is writable.
returns a string representation of the oid .
read an exception from the byte buffer .
skip a byte array .
add a character to the string buffer.
returns a hash code for this oid .
constructs a new chrussian decomposition of the given matrix .
returns all the crossings of the corners that are in the given rectangles.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
constructs a new repository location .
add a property with the given key .
creates and returns delta delta for children .
returns a string representation of this object .
returns the size of this map .
replaces all occurrences of a substring in a string .
returns true if a coordinate is in a zone.
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a new instance of xfile.
parses a string as a double , returning the default if the string is null or
registers an application with the given application name .
adds a profile .
prints a single character .
creates all blocks that belong to the workspace .
clears all trailid from the map .
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog .
parses an integer string into an array of integers .
creates a new exception with the given name .
creates a new array .
parse a sip header from a string .
convert rgb color value to rgb.
record the beginning of a module .
rotate point p around point p_point.
returns true if the given word is pronounceable .
creates split edges for each edge.
creates a new instance of this class .
constructs a new cache .
updates the maximum width and height of the current content .
enable or disable overview item .
handle a mouseexited mouselistener event.
fetches a collection of zookeeper .
implements the visitor .
adds ids to the ids of the ids.
stops the monitor if it is running .
normalizes the given uri from the given url .
this method is called from an output stream.
helper method to commit a transaction .
adds an object token to the map .
populate area list .
parses a name .
creates a new simple concatenated string with the specified character.
returns the log likelihood of the given value .
signal that the object is not empty .
fills the tree with the given tree .
returns the number of nodes in the filter .
adds the given host to the blacklist .
adds a new lop to the list .
serializes the object to the stream.
returns the cosine of theigma function .
inserts an entry into the new bucket .
translate the current transform.
writes the object representation of this object .
writes spaces to the given amount of spaces .
computes the difference between two spatials .
this method is called when the button is activated.
attempts to load the number of available bytes from the input buffer .
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send .
sort the given method.
parse a property list .
returns true if the given annotation has the given package .
builds the tooltip for a node .
removes an item click listener.
returns the position of the selected items.
pad a string at the given length .
returns a list of rule names that match the given locale .
returns true if the given class is a cache of the given class.
saving method . ( see nbt_tag ).
constructs a part from an encoded string .
creates epoch months for the epoch year .
converts a descriptor to an internal descriptor .
register a subscription with the given mbean .
checks correctness of the state after unmarshalling .
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from
perform an asynchronous thrift operation.
helper method used to convert the type used by the native accessors to the type used
registers a builder with the specified id.
copies the code of a reil code .
reads all overridden content types from the properties file .
converts the given reader into a string .
computes the similarity between two lanes.
force the current overflow .
returns the index of the first occurrence of the string .
method to prepare instruction operand with given values .
divide the left - right number of branches.
returns the jxml version of the given document type .
merges two rectangles.
prints an integer to standard output and flushes standard output .
copies the selected text field to the target .
handles save button request .
build the description of the description .
constructs a new httpclient method .
constructs a phi signature for an asymmetric cipher .
decode the text of a bytebuffer.
extracts the set of values from the given collection .
determine if a z - model is running on a ze.
normalizes the given string using the specified encoding .
returns the smallest node that is less than most node .
returns the number of entries in this set .
creates a new polyline with the given colors .
return the passed value as an unsigned byte array.
computes the approximate length of a controlpoint.
determine the drop operation based on the input event .
adds an expression to the clause .
returns true if the value is set .
creates the icon markers .
tests whether a network connection has been connected.
assigns a thread to the given subscriber.
validates the dynamic attributes .
returns true if the given class is an instance of the given type .
initialize and list of objects.
adds a command to the menu bar .
connect to the gatt server.
returns the standard deviation of the normal distribution.
draws a shape with the given shape.
tears down the mbean manager .
creates a list of uri from the given inputstream .
sets up the given value .
creates a list of equivalent nodes for equality .
converts a collection of strings into a single string .
decodes a base 64 encoded string .
removes all premoveoves from the model.
clearbit ( int n ) in a negative number.
stops the throttle .
encode the directory name .
indicates that the underlying model is dirty .
returns a list of the elements in the ordered set .
removes the given connection from this connection .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
splits the given string into substrings .
convert a string to an unsigned long value.
returns the standard deviation - standard deviation of the variance .
load policy info from policyinfo .
runs the given script .
searches for the given class .
removes all the specified values from this stream .
resets the body of this stream .
deletes the item at the specified index .
save data and close the dialog.
adds a message to the given uri .
subscribe a printable to a stream .
calculate the value for a given number.
copies the header from the given request.
send a metric to the track.
sets the document ' s fields to the specified collection .
searches for a given resource in the base class loader .
renders the given textual formatter .
returns true if the given index is set .
creates a new instance .
initialize the adb server socket .
reads a number from the file .
returns true if the tag name matches the given tag name.
shutdown the application .
returns true if the given row is expanded .
returns the index of the first end of the given string .
adds a new animation listener.
constructs a new http method .
determines whether two byte arrays are equal.
draw text between text and text.
updates the races with the given races .
returns true if the parameter is required .
this method sends the given data to the given receiver .
print out the specified number of decimals .
constructs a new set from a map .
removes all biomes from this type.
calculates the requirements for each layout.
converts an integer to a string .
creates a filter for the given filter.
send a blob to the given byte array .
calculates the number of labels for the dataset .
merges a set of intervals into a set .
dumps a gstring representation of a gstring.
adds a node to the list .
prints the text on the console .
trims the x and y values.
divide the number of data at given index.
asserts that the given number of threads are alive .
instantiates a new worker manager .
handler method called when a message is received .
inserts a p_port to the list of p_p_to_p_
returns true if the projection exceeds the incoming projection threshold .
converts a string of bytes into a byte array .
returns the maximum width of each item in the list.
write characters to the buffer.
rounds this point to the given point.
determines the proxy for the given target .
adds a source position to the reference.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this vector.
returns true if the thread is running .
decrypt the given vcf file .
registers a user with the given username .
creates a new select clause .
verify that mbean implements mbean interface.
returns a set of escape sequences that can be used as string .
initializes the keystream from the given stream .
writes a location for a location .
returns the offset starting at the given position .
evaluates the given xpath expression .
converts an httpheader into an array of http headers .
calculate the length of the rrd file.
initialize the shader .
returns true if the alias contains the given alias .
invert the currently selected - model indexes .
float value of a negative bigdecimal.
bind a keystore to the server .
draws the corners of the connector .
determines whether the given instruction is a branch or not .
loads the trust manager from the trustmanager .
determines if the current element is inside the window .
creates a new threadpool with the given name .
invokes the given method on the given object .
clears the internal state .
adds a helper text color to the list of helper text colors .
move to the next minute .
creates a new list of tokens from the given attributes .
resolves the class with the given name .
make sure the source is valid.
searches for a key in the given byte array .
adds a new edge to the graph .
adds the states to this state .
deserializes the state of the object .
retrieves regkeyexception if maxkey is available .
add a task to this task.
initialize the compute shader .
sort the list of values.
creates an object from a byte buffer .
generate a group name based on the given policy name.
asserts that the result set of the expected resultset.
creates a new default actiongroup .
adds a row to the table .
push the prefix to the buffer.
construct a numeric integer literal .
atomically updates the head of the current node and sets the head of the head of the
returns a set of dependencies.
creates a new map with the given keys .
returns true if , at this time , at this time , the object will accept a
skips whitespace from the reader .
returns an enumeration of the literal attributes .
parses a string value using the specified separator .
constructs a priority queue with the specified elements .
retrieves the last resource id of this sub - schema .
tells whether or not the initialization context is initialized .
returns a normalized string of the given charsequence denoting the given charsequence as a
update schema with schema file name.
returns true if aborted .
puts a key / value pair into the array , optimizing for the case where the key
test the skip zip file .
test the test data directory .
prints a boolean to standard output and flushes standard output .
create shared memory memory .
close the database connection .
adds a new version with the given qualifier.
perform a 16bit load from the given address .
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string .
unregister baggage handler.
constructs a new heatmap with the given values .
verifies that two events are in the same order.
sets the text of the first node .
returns an unmodified annotation .
creates a list of nodes from a string .
adds the given section to the list of tickmark sections.
calculates the value of the gaussian distribution .
flush the print stream .
deletes the character buffer.
add a plotter to the plotter .
returns the closest node in the given key .
adds a listener that will be notified about running runs .
returns the index of the next match .
puts an action with the given name.
checks if the given string contains whitespace .
decodes a given string using the specified encoding .
validates the given set of strings .
adds the values to the result.
lists all data with the given id.
performs the function based on the input array .
adds a long value to the request parameters.
compares two objects .
adds a checkbox listener.
calculates the bounds for the given index .
subtract the values from this gc.
returns a string representation of the attribute type .
returns the offset of the first field .
send a warning log message .
extract the first element in the list.
handles edit button .
javax . net . ssl . sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer
upgrades an upgrade instance .
creates an instance of a class .
removes the given type from the stack .
create a msr session.
creates forum post .
draws a mark on the given graphics object .
invoked when the component has been resized .
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string .
change the value of the label.
writes an array of bytes .
updates the point with the given point .
sends the layout to the leader .
returns the position of the dragged view.
creates a new http request wrapper .
converts the x axis to the x axis .
forwards the given request .
gets the primary keys for the primary database .
reads a long value from the given stream .
converts a token to a prefix .
adds a new csv record .
this method is called when the queue is executed .
waits for a match for a node .
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array , with the given string
returns a binding for the given key .
initialize the compute shader .
returns true if the response is successful .
center set of nodes in the list.
appends text to the body.
called when an instance of the selection is selected .
constructs a new instance .
undoes the previous undo file .
check if wifi is connected.
flush the underlying stream .
returns true if the extension is empty .
reads the process from the given file .
extracts the music id from the mediaid.
verify that the identity scope is correctly created.
builds the given method parameter .
returns true if the given cell contains the specified cell .
create a new simple noise generator .
converts to primitive array .
this method adds new lines to the file.
initializes the lookup map .
returns the string representation of this constraint .
read a single byte array.
adjusts the given indent level .
returns the current capacity of the map .
description of the method.
get a random string .
test verifies that the index is open .
searches for a list of files in the given path .
returns true if the extension extension is not supported .
returns a formatted string with the specified values .
load the configuration parameters from the jvm .
check if the session is activated .
test verifies that the command should be performed .
determines whether the given number is equivalent to the given amount of words .
creates an element with the given prefix .
modifies the given file .
updates the population in the population .
tests the list of options.
calculates latlonpoint in ld coordinates .
notify that the size of the view has changed .
substitutes a turntable object.
the end of an element .
converts the given image to a matrix .
creates a new instance of fileutils.
returns the number of scheduled queue size .
constructs a new dsubjectalternativename dialog .
destroys the scene .
creates a union join between two segments.
discards the given string with the given algorithm.
multiply two numbers of different scales.
limit the lease duration .
extract the path from the cookie path .
formats a double to a string.
creates a new instance .
generates a unique id for the given oid.
cache an attribute value .
parses a policy entry .
inject information about the given volumeinfo instance.
removes the recycl from the recyclerview .
load the table with the given file.
try to extract a gzip stream.
returns a hash code for this location .
creates a new queryqueryquery using the given prefix .
creates a subject object .
expands the vector at the specified index .
returns a string list of the command line options .
load a hex image from a hex image.
triangulate a list of points.
encode a byte array.
writes a field specification object .
deserializes the state of the object .
parses the given reader from the given reader .
excludes from the destination.
returns the escaped version of the given string .
adds a file to the file .
inserts a new row into the array .
adds the given collection to the cache .
returns the major version number for the major version .
constructs a new source request .
creates the data for the given digest .
returns the cache for the given time .
returns the temporary directory .
creates a new instance of the given class .
play the given items.
prints the error message .
get the string representation of the request .
applies the lambda function to the l2 coefficients .
this method cannot be called directly .
returns the text at the given url .
loads the move participants for the given element .
determines the preference vector .
paint the disabled state .
flipbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
this method is called when the user has been triggered.
returns true if there are next event .
parses the input stream .
initializes a new validator .
scipio : cross - cross - compares the bayesilon score over the bayes
reset the engine state .
creates a perspective with the given name .
calculates the mean error for the given error .
create a descriptor for the given class.
returns the encoded string .
expect a token of the expected type .
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate2 ( ) . updates values in the database .
set ( null ) method .
determine if the given type is assignable from the given type .
inserts a bounce penalty into the cache .
constructs a sampleinfo object from the given bytebuffer .
main entry point for maintenance.
updates the time of the given event .
determines whether the given bytecode version code represents a bytecode version .
adds a mapping request .
searches for the given template file .
initializes the cache directory .
adds a circularprogressviewlistener to this view .
creates a new site thread pool.
renders the glyph at the given size .
returns a copy of the given variables .
release the usage context .
deletes all the tables.
returns a pet category by id .
marks a default session token as removed .
create a new exchange .
computes the discard alpha value for a given amount .
converts unix time to file .
creates a cipher with the specified key .
removes a given address from this user.
ensures correct size of the widget .
fires an event on the end of an element .
verify that the migrate user is migrate .
returns a string representation of the history .
formats a message with given arguments .
inserts the prosody attribute .
creates a folder in the folder.
translates the matrix to the correct scale .
creates a tick text based on the body.
adds a protocol type to the list if it exists.
returns a string representation of this classifier .
adds the key to the map .
loads the configuration from the given resource .
writes a message to the log .
draws a vertical bar at the specified location .
construct a public key from its encoding .
get the number of hit / search for the query .
returns true if the given operator is a binary expression .
adds a header to the response.
perform an asynchronous max operation.
prints a character followed by a newline .
test verifies that an empty record is correct .
commits the snapshot table .
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate2 ( ) . updates values in the database .
extract indentation from a string.
returns the full path for the given filename .
tries to add the given status line to the given list if the given string is not
divide : rounding mode is round_half_down , result is positive ; distance =
encodes a plain string using the specified charset .
slides the panel depending on the selected frame .
adds a drawer item to the drawer .
test whether to log ' finest ' info ' level ' .
reset the tree structure .
returns the float approximation of the argument .
extract data from raw data.
creates a new session id .
creates a cubic spline with the given points .
returns true if the sequence matches the queue .
compares two boolean values.
returns true if the user is a root user.
adds an expression to the expression .
synchronizes the rest of the given iterator.
finds the component by its name .
returns true if the fingerprint is a fingerprint .
writes an float field value .
extracts key column names from a line .
draws a rhumbline .
converts dictionary values to dictionary .
instantiates a new class from a class .
generate the derived key from the given password .
test verifies that the finalizer can be run .
show the key bar view .
computes the width of a string.
determines whether or not the given event should be performed .
actionlistener interface method.
returns a string representation of the specified date .
creates a data source .
returns an email object with the specified value .
creates an address lookup object .
adds a change listener.
creates a node with the given value .
creates a new cellspan object .
begins a new element .
constructs a new format object .
returns true if this interval contains the given interval .
returns the relative url of the given base url .
starts the serialized update .
instantiates a new journal index .
close the plog file.
parses the first consonant.
creates a new buddy panel .
runs the given javavacommand library .
displays the lock on the monitor .
list all gpu components.
adds a dependency request .
returns true if the given object is a date .
converts a config to a xml file .
creates a quadroutine with the given points .
updates the ideal heap .
inserts a node into the tree .
unlocks the put object .
returns true if the filename is a subformat .
write the constant to the output stream.
initializes the properties for the given server .
add a network listener.
appends content prefix to buffer .
adds an error listener .
validate the given class name .
imports base module types.
reads the matrix from the given node .
record file system event.
creates a core token service exception .
creates a new dviewbasedupane dialog .
computes dynamic dynamic vm .
normalizes the given number of characters.
skips the vector at the specified index .
removes the organization configuration .
removes a group listener.
instantiates a new set of changer .
extracts the key from the given name .
calculates the distance between the given text and an angle .
transforms all the keys of the given string into the given map.
constructs a new instance of this class .
clears the observer list .
unsynchronizes a byte array with the given bytes.
calculate the md5 key for the given algorithm .
creates a message with the given message .
unzip compressed byte array .
inserts the given item into the combo box .
pause for the given coroutine .
returns true if the given output string is in the python interpreter .
converts a number to a string .
converts a string to a map of name / value pairs .
returns an immutable map of the keys .
called when the audio file is started .
constructs a new chain importer .
instantiates a new native file .
returns an indentation for the given height .
reduces the given calendar instance .
returns a string with prefix and suffix .
returns true if the given point is not in the list of points.
trims given string to the given length .
schedules timerpools to expire timeouts .
decrypts the given byte array .
logs the operating system info .
this method is called before an empty value .
returns a hash code for the given input string .
generate the native guid format for transporttype.
test the servlet with a single servlet .
compares two values for equality .
log an error message .
remove a new event listener.
creates a new execution system .
determine if the command type is a command type .
this is used to send the given report .
determines if the string matches the given prefixes.
test sort of datatype.
handle a mouse click event.
formats all values in the given values .
draws the selected border edge .
analyzes all the events.
execute a sql update .
returns the current thread in the current thread .
creates a new entry .
clears the parser highlights .
read a 16bit short .
format an int value .
appends the character array to the buffer .
determines whether the specified user has the specified permission .
determine if an annotation is an annotation .
returns true if the basic blockhandler is equivalent to this exception handler .
calculates the checksum for the compiled file.
returns the long label for this node .
creates a new secret block block with the given key.
install normal file.
inserts the given item into the list .
read outline file.
decode the run run length .
returns a byte array containing the given inputstream .
constructs a new global value constraint .
inflate a overlay string with a overlay string .
returns the hash code for the given seed .
initializes the class loader .
returns true if the resource has been modified.
performs the native flip operation.
load value from a string .
returns all the names of the given namespace .
draws a hook on the canvas .
converts a bitmap to a byte array .
this method is called when the game button is pressed.
perform a pdu for pdu.
reset the display cache .
copies the given source directory into the destination directory.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
records all recorded data files .
loads a rewrites string .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
this method is called when the connection is closed .
handle an http request.
create a negative number from an array of bytes.
formats a double value .
removes the list of positions from the adapter.
resets the shape to its bounds .
try to convert colour to colour.
returns the rank of the rank algorithm .
execute a modifiable variable modification .
save a file to disk.
deletes old file.
flush the unisolated connection .
creates an image from a jpeg image.
reduces the given object .
returns the topic topic.
returns a new match result .
creates a constraint set for the given project .
decodes the specified string into its original form .
creates a copy of this object .
returns the caller ' s class for this class .
helper method to create a path for the given style.
converts color value to an angle .
parses a biginteger and returns the size .
adds the given query name to the encoded values .
creates an image link for a button.
creates a new namespace instance .
atomically increments by one the current value .
update the bubble buffer .
removes all the elements from the list .
locks the object ' s puts .
clears the cache.
updates the latest podcast date .
removes the ui from the ui list .
makes the object immutable .
returns a pre - specified knn query .
adjusts the positions of the items in the given position .
adds the given id to the buffer .
creates a new available migration .
generates sax event.
draws an image with the given transform.
sets up the agent model .
selects all selected rows .
adds an n - value to the list .
returns the number of elements in the set .
like datainputstream.
returns a list of addressoptions for the given address .
adds a new animation listener.
makes the object immutable .
add a component to this component.
opens the given uri.
invalidates the current line at the given position .
constructs a bytebandedraster with the given samplemodel.
initializes this uri with the given parameters .
unmoves the last element in the stack .
checks to see if a refresh notification is registered for notifications .
read output from process.
fills the header with the given data .
adds an operand to the operand .
calculate total amount of money receipt.
skips the number of bytes .
removes all ims from the list .
this method will take ascii characters in ascii string.
set the content of the specified reader to the given encoding .
clears the dictionary cache .
returns a string containing the type of the given arguments .
renames a file .
submit a command to the queue.
returns an enum name for the given type .
returns the length of the text .
serialize the digestresponse response .
populate the combo with the specified resources .
searches for the given media type .
convert an image to a bufferedimage.
sets the start time .
go to the next view.
returns true if hh : hh , hh , hh , hh
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
cache method for resolving a method .
setbit ( int n ) inside a positive number.
destroys the given view map .
close given outputstream.
returns the node at the given index .
returns the width for the current character in the given tab .
create a directory if it does not exist.
constructs a new instance .
encodes a longitude into a string .
this method extracts the weights for each synapses .
closes the buffer and closes the connection.
returns true if the hash function contains the given hash function.
ensures that the given byte buffer is larger than the given number of bytes .
returns true if the given number is valid for the given number .
trim the url if it is empty.
returns the next classification .
adds the original alpha color to the original rgb string.
stops the server .
copies the local state of the given state into this set .
attempts to read a response from the socket .
inserts the specified element at the tail of the queue , starting at the specified position .
creates new instance of this component .
inserts the part at the specified index .
inserts the value into this builder.
returns true if the given weapon and with the specified species.
dumps information in the database .
this method is called when the window is closed .
attempt to find conversion from source value.
advances to the api tree .
this method calls proc updateusers and updates the values of the record passed.
send the request option .
prepares the client test .
adds the given resource to the list of resources to be deleted .
returns the maximum of two values.
adds a container to the container.
calls the super method and writes the approximation of the knn distances of the knn
add a method to the chain .
get the request .
creates a hash string for the given password .
sets the duration of the commercial flight.
returns a hash code for this instance .
unsubscribes the given message .
returns true if the operating system is unix unix .
disconnect from the server.
returns true if this name is a compound name .
calculates the total width of a total size .
returns true if the given string is a syntactically valid regular expression .
returns true if there is a specialized handler for the given intent .
flush the underlying output stream.
attempts to attach a footer to the given string .
creates a new sentence from the given list of nodes .
verify that the state is changed .
initializes the transaction map .
creates a histogram from the histogram .
update the icons for the given package.
parses normalized version of datetime object.
adds the attribute values to the set of attributes.
test the parker .
sets the index commit index .
finish the closing fragments .
writes bytes in the output stream .
converts a hex string into a hexadecimal string .
returns all matching scenarios for the given scenario .
converts a rate value into a speed string .
returns the next element .
returns true if field queue size is set .
returns a string that is a valid number.
creates a new test index event .
validate the supplied value.
returns the url for the given owner .
returns a random number between start and end.
add an event to the queue .
create an algorithm parameter specification .
determine if the given character is a token character.
draws a line with the given points .
creates an element type .
generate the log tag for the given class .
prints a string followed by a newline .
creates a uri from the given uri.
paint the outline of the background.
returns the byte array as a byte array .
adds a new import element to the import list .
draws the arrowhead at the given position .
initializes the class loader .
unmarshals the given method from the given method .
this method loads the data from the exception data from the client data .
creates a resource name for the given locale .
returns a string representation of the given object.
draws the icon at the specified position.
synchronizes the update count and updates the count of the query .
reset the runtime state .
converts an image to a bufferedimage.
returns true if the task is cancelled .
removes the directededges from the directededges .
returns true if the event can be generated by the named event .
this method is called when the queue is queued .
sets the query date to the builder .
returns true if the x - coordinate is within the screen .
deletes all files in the given directory .
returns true if the collision is collided with this one .
update the timer with the given duration .
submit a task to the queue.
creates a new executor for the task pool .
dumps the audio representation of this audio stream .
adds a buffered field to the buffer.
adds an empty sqp segment .
computes the desired magnitude of the desired coordinate model .
trims the given string from the given string .
validate smi parameters.
calculates the next marker segment .
converts an object into a bytebuffer .
write a byte buffer .
method to create a new sensor if it does not exist .
calculates the maximum distance between two distances .
draws a polygon shape with the given points.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image.
decode a base64 encoded base64 string .
move day to month.
converts an ip address to a byte array .
returns true if the template template is valid .
returns the value of the operation .
returns the cosine of the normal distribution .
destroy the connection.
parses an operand atom .
creates an unordered command line from the given inputstream .
checks if the network connection is connected.
called when a tab is closed .
adds an authentication scheme to the collection .
this method will be called when the socket is closed .
replace all edges in the collapsed edge .
set track of a track.
creates a new sepane object .
returns a string representation of this list .
writes a long value .
given a list of directories , return a list of directories .
returns a charset for the given name .
creates a new nsidentifier .
dump a message in a string .
execute a sql statement.
creates a synthetic name for a given signature .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end -
maps native library name to native class name.
returns the next matcher .
this method is called when the layer has been loaded .
add a private field .
this method recursively creates private directories for the private subarray of the private subr
returns true if the given string matches the given sequence .
initializes the opengl context .
clears the scrap heap .
submits the given token request parameters .
reads characters into a portion of an array .
adds a new line .
merges the node with the given node .
negate ( ) for negative bigdecimal.
creates an instance of given item type .
initializes the setup panel with the given experiment .
adds the given listener to the list of listeners .
processes command line arguments .
returns true if zoning needs zoning.
initialize the xml document .
returns true if this name value has the specified name .
determines whether this charseq starts with the given prefix .
returns true if this class has the given window .
support for reporting bound property changes for integer properties.
starts the layer at the specified index .
computes the hash code of a repeated long field.
creates a new abstractsurfaceobject object from the given source .
parses a method string and returns a method signature .
registers the voice state .
attempt to find a new character at the specified position.
decode a color from a string .
returns a list of modules for the given source type.
returns the shortest distance between this vector and another point .
returns the elapsed time of this gc .
this method is called when the database is closed .
adds the given entry to the list .
start a nested object .
send messages to the stream .
creates a string of given number of characters .
adds the given connection to this view .
trims a string at a given length .
adds a listener to the list of listeners .
called when a purchase is consumed .
test verifies that the put byte [ ] of a byte [ ] [ ] [ ]
concatenates the given array of doubles , starting at the given length.
ensures that the buffer is at least the specified number of elements at least the specified number
adds a new value to the series .
adds a new continuation element .
calculates the rotation angle for a given rotation point.
counts the number of characters in the sequence of characters in this sequence.
creates a new instance of crl .
verbose log message with printf formatting .
calculate the log probability for a number of logima.
sets the number of tolerance .
called when a drag is finished .
stores the given data key .
inserts an entry into the table .
extracts secret key from s3 uri .
helper method to dial the contact information.
add a class to the cache.
returns true if the queue is available .
returns a boolean indicating whether the test is currently running .
parses a resource definition .
returns a string representation of the money .
test the journal with an empty snapshot .
check if the packet matches the ip address.
returns the closest power of the given number .
returns the class path for the given class name .
write the counter to the given position .
creates a map of package annotations .
this method is called when the node is inserted in the omgraphic.
updates the cursor ' s state .
returns true if the mouse event is a middle mouse button .
adds a successful message to the response.
called when the check box is stopped.
close the input stream .
returns the next log number of segments .
asserts that the given language is set .
called when a block is triggered.
returns true if the queue has been read .
returns the inactive time .
equivalent to assert cond : value.
adds a cos definition definition .
creates a datasourcequality object .
translates the qty class name into an qty class .
signs a jwt token .
export symbols to export symbols.
determine if the player is fulfilling a skill .
add a data source listener.
returns an effective ancestor of the given qualifier hierarchy .
indicate that a failed state has failed .
try to read n bytes from given inputstream .
computes the result of the kernel evaluation .
parses the current group .
cancels all fields to be included .
kill all entries in the tree .
creates an error dialog .
validate the index header .
print a tag with attributes .
parses a string from disk.
returns true if the given object is a trusted object .
creates a new persistent search request control .
this method connects the synapse group with the given source .
multiply a character.
normalizes a character sequence of a certain charsequence .
adds a zone change listener.
writes a byte to the underlying stream .
creates a new start listener .
returns a flat list of columns in the table .
reset the scheduler .
returns a hash for the given string.
records old timestamp and saves it to current timestamp.
tear down the test thread pool , and return the failure.
parses the given string .
returns the max radius of the circle .
returns a copy of the characters in the buffer .
returns the number of pending workers .
inserts the specified component at the specified index .
unescape special characters in the given source string.
append an input stream to the path.
creates a new map with the given mappings.
add a rule to the selector.
appends data to bytebuffer .
returns true if the keystore keystore has the latest ddl key .
initializes the resource bundle .
constructs a new instance of this builder .
returns true if this instance matches the given name .
store a new host for a given host .
returns the next character .
removes the first entry .
creates new task cancellation exception given throwable as a cause and source of error message .
returns the number of characters in the specified source.
removes all shared elements from the shared list .
removes an action from this network .
calculate the distance between two points.
returns the next sample .
adds the specified character to the collection .
validate if the passed id is valid .
removes the given group .
check if the storage port exists in the db.
appends a split element to the end of the split element .
constructs a new map handler .
flush the bit stream .
returns the direct connection .
returns a copy of the national number.
cuts the selected object to the clipboard .
stops the blink operation .
release all indexes from the index .
configures the command line name .
writes the given transform .
signum ( ) for a positive bigdecimal.
creates a new chain starting at the end of the list.
parse the operator ' s operator .
perform a drag operation on the specified object.
queue the contact list .
removes a series from the list .
adds a vertical glue to the bottom of the box .
writes the given result to the given file .
instantiates a new class .
this method writes the fileinfo into a file .
renders the given tree .
replaces all occurrences of a regular expression with a regular expression .
compares two strings for equality.
adjusts the length of the file for the given chunk size .
creates a list of subnets for the given set of p_nets .
creates a js method invocation .
performs the double - click action.
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
executes a drop table from the database.
creates a new segment segment .
checks if an email exists in the database.
returns the maximum of the two values.
adds a lock to the directory.
removes the reference from the connection .
returns true if the queue matches the queue .
creates a new dummy environment .
generate the remote class .
adds a long id to this view .
removes a respawn point from this instance .
creates an image from a photo.
converts an array of bytes into a long value .
parses the unicode escape sequence .
this method cannot be called directly .
removes all formatting from the given string .
xor for two positive numbers ; the first is shorter.
prints the charge times .
returns true if the rdn is empty .
writes the local data to the local file.
creates an organization configuration object .
deletes the trust realm .
creates a new source elementmark with the given element .
called after a delete operation .
saves the given document as a callback .
returns true if the stream is supported by this filter .
retrieves the parent relation name for the given parent .
construct a new bytecolumn .
converts a select to a single row .
executes a given script with given arguments .
creates a new dom document .
formats a sample rate .
returns true if this connection has been closed .
start the thread.
creates a new type simplifier .
returns a copy of the specified byte array .
returns the native name for this object.
returns a string representation of the host document .
creates a new client for the given serversocket .
cast a value to a boolean value.
returns true if there are more work .
updates the seed .
writes a class file.
returns true if the compact font format is compatible with jfont style.
the main entry point .
returns the size of the given feature .
calculates the approximate height of a text based on a string .
throws an exception if the queue has been completed .
this method blocks all queued tasks that have been executed.
callstaticmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a short value.
support for reporting bound property changes for integer properties.
remove all markers from the locator.
captures the next token in the stringbuffer.
returns the localized integer representation of the given long integer .
test the client handshake handshake .
runs the test case .
checks the frame name for an internal frame .
creates a template from a string .
returns true if the custom style is focusable .
initializes the signature for the given key .
returns a list of zones for the given initiator .
returns true if the extension of the filename is in the specified extension.
writes a jar element for a jar .
close the underlying file .
creates a new typed event listener .
returns a list of children of the given node .
creates a new instance of jobcontext .
calculate the number of counts for the given counts .
add a method to the class.
adds the replication factor to the replication factor .
helper function to show an image frame .
decodes a line suffix from the stream .
adds a new transaction to the map .
returns the shortest distance between the given text and an offset .
returns true if this polygon contains the given method.
creates a new jquery object .
select an attribute set.
ensures that the saved track is saved .
verifies that the canonicalized journalization is correctly committed .
prints an object to standard output and flushes standard output .
stops the given runnable .
reads from the given input stream .
generate the graph file .
close an output stream .
adds a propertychangelistener to this beancontext.
returns true if expired .
helper method to load the user ' s actioninfo .
returns the direction of an arrow key .
constructs a tracegraph with the given span .
returns true if persistent storage is persistent .
create a date object from the specified string.
handles a mesos failure.
finds the configuration file in the given directory .
adds the given word to the output .
this method is called when the preference is clicked.
read the authentication header .
returns the string representation of the specified boolean value .
test verifies that the messages can be received .
adds a query to the query .
gets the contents at the given uri .
checks if the given key exists in the cache .
creates a new allocation site .
draws an image with the given transform.
parses an integer value from a string .
creates new samplemonitor object .
returns an array of great great circle coordinates from the given location.
initializes the checkbox for the given checkbox .
paint the checkmark for the check mark .
returns the name of the given uri starting at the given name .
writes a log message to the console .
reloads the jaxp directory .
creates a new dns domain .
creates a block of rows.
adds a new element node to the list .
increases the capacity of the buffer with the given seed .
reconnect to the server.
returns a collection of records in the database .
returns a string containing the contents of the buffer .
returns true if the name of the mbean has been changed .
reset the current xmlement .
returns the distance between this circle.
creates a new command with the given arguments .
increases the capacity of the vector .
converts the given table to lower case .
creates a new instance with the specified modifiers .
performs a breadth - first search for the given node .
creates a new view .
helper method for checking the number of arguments .
send multicast announcement.
creates a new instance of this builder .
close the underlying scanner .
creates a policy tree rooted at the given organization .
rollback method for creating a new snapshot .
converts a string to a number .
detach the given attribute .
read the preferences from the preferences of the preferences .
adds a download to the active list .
adds the given expression to the given expression.
returns true if the given string is upper case .
description of the method.
returns whether this identifier has an identifier .
helper function to remove duplicates in the given string.
returns a random number from the distribution.
updates the status of the week .
stores the last used to use in the last use for use in use.
determines whether or not the given element is contained in the tree .
extracts an arc id from the given oid.
test for duplicate duplicate .
updates the statistics for the given classifier .
checks to see if the file is a directory .
add two positive numbers of the same length.
adds a poll to the server .
increments the access count .
compares two doubles for equality.
converts a bitmap to a byte array .
creates new form configureparsingdialog.
returns the logarithm of the given number .
evaluates the uf2 problem .
constructs a new filechooser .
read data from the output stream .
add a runnable to this run .
copies the content of this converter into the given array .
adds an output sensor .
initializes the socket .
reset the state of the queue.
if the value is present , invoke the specified consumer with the value , otherwise do nothing .
send an intensity measurement to the screen.
reads the next float from the input stream .
creates a new scheduler .
java . util . array # fill ( int , int , int , int , int ,
calculates the layout for each item .
closes the cache .
tries to find the current element in the list .
description of the method.
returns a human readable representation of the iso 8601 string .
sends a group chat message.
returns a string representation of the object.
remove a thread from this thread .
creates a new dockeventhandler .
helper method to read the maximum number of sources from the given index .
deletes license file.
returns the test case .
this method is called from the worker thread.
reads the next token from the stream .
updates the bounds for the fast scroller .
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog .
creates a directory in the given folder .
is operating system windows 8 ?.
returns all unused units that have the given unit functions .
adds items to the list .
returns a non - null proxy list .
adds a set of definitions to include .
add a new value .
counts a variant of a vcf record .
reads bytes from the stream .
constructs a new ldif record writer which will read ldif lines of l
updates the presotal information .
removes the map at the specified position .
displays license with license ' s license.
adds a geohiff key to the index .
detect a geotime serie .
returns a string representation of the given candidates .
flatten a boolean [ ] into an xmlserializer.
add an outbound rule .
constructs a new skypes object .
called when the user is triggered.
adds the given flags to the layout.
returns a certificate that matches the given keystore .
deletes all articles in the last article.
move all views into the given list .
constructs a proxyverifier object .
paints the graphics at the specified location .
inserts the key in the given key .
copy an inputstream to the output stream.
test the file directory .
add two numbers of the given values.
serialize a simple canonical representation .
creates a new checkbox with the given text .
push a new state onto the stack .
drop an existing index.
returns the element at the top of the queue .
adds a new processor to the stack .
adds the given data chunk .
initializes the resource name according to resource configuration.
removes the last entry from the pool .
convert less than one thousand.
returns true if the uri is embedded or not .
send a new state change to the state.
parses the link label of the link .
read a file as string.
invoked when an exception occurs.
checks if the user can access the user.
close the saved file .
selects the next operator .
splits the given string into chunks.
convert boolean array to string.
decodes the given string into a bytebuffer .
removes all buttons from the combo box .
returns a new brighter color with the given color .
shuts down this network thread .
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send .
called when the user has completed.
write a golomb code .
adds a force force to the list of forces.
convert number value to metric string.
determines whether or not the specified sequence is overlaps the specified sequence .
constructs a new k1 - value pair .
prepare - e.
returns true if the configuration is configured to this url .
converts a string to a string array.
reads a byte array from the file .
exit a fatal error .
move file to backup directory .
pushes a pair onto the top of this map .
remove data from storage directory .
appends the container configuration to the container .
creates new game settings object .
deletes a set of users.
determine if the file matches the given pattern .
removes a region from this region .
a utility function to close an inputstream without raising an exception .
the start of an element .
stops the thread and closes the connection .
creates a new temporary storage directory .
calculates the bar width and stores it in the renderer state .
opens and starts the camera.
adds a breakpoint listener .
updates the display area .
atomically updates the queue for the given phase .
converts a date to a datetime object .
prints the stack trace of the throwable to a printable.
description of the method.
creates a new block with the given values .
calculates the poisson distribution for the given number .
searches for the given operator .
stores the given channel .
deletes all files.
writes the given input stream to the given outputstream.
release the detector for the detector.
trim leading character from given string .
attempts to remove an element from the queue.
saves a timer to the delay .
submits the given task.
adds the given string to the attribute selection.
creates the left - line of data .
returns a sample of the specified values .
remove the connection from the channel pool .
configure headless simulation .
returns true if the window is next window id .
returns true if the given class is visible .
remove the next event .
constructs a xml dom .
returns true if the name is a valid attribute name .
appends all of the elements in the specified list to the end of the given list .
removes the supercard from the list .
test the header stats .
generate a secret key from the given password .
this method escapes the assertion value .
removes the given child at the given index .
checks if the given prefix is declared at the end of the given namespace .
adds the agent to the end of the stack .
calculate the attack status for the attack .
sets the given vertex processor .
release the idle state .
validate replication availability for a given collection .
return the classdeclaration or throw an unsupportedoperationexception.
returns a partition name for the given partition name.
converts the given charsequence to an inputstream .
test that the last point is hit a valid float .
deletes the given object at the given index .
calculates the inverse correlation between two matrices.
adds a column to the expression .
increments the put time accumulator .
returns true if the saturation is valid .
parses the given cell string as a string.
support for reporting bound property changes.
runs the command line with the given command line .
returns the select channel .
test 3 . 3 . 3.
creates a string from a byte array.
creates a new form filter chooser .
retrieves the max_attempts to match the given value .
parses a string from an rfc8 date .
validates the shapes using a constraint .
adds an annotation to the pdf page .
returns the preferred id for the given provider id .
check if the directory exists.
assert the specified values have been received .
returns true if the journal has been committed .
prints a float followed by a newline .
extracts the number of sub registers for the given sub registers .
called when the authentication fails.
returns the interceptor for the given method .
removes all phi instructions from the given phi.
counts the number of tokens in the given target string .
returns a map that matches the given tests .
builds the interceptor for the given path .
check gml footprint validity.
main entry point for the process.
quantile function of gamma distribution.
creates a cipherkey instance from the passed cipher parameters .
initializes the combob assistant .
writes a byte to the specified address .
adds a new validation error .
parses a string value from the option .
sets the client credentials .
builds the cache .
start a tour object .
runs the test case .
adds a listener to this object .
returns the maximum value of the given number of nan values.
handles the click event.
adjusts the index of a bytecode block .
returns a string representation of this object.
intersect the vector with the specified length and length .
creates a random directory .
synchronizes all auth data with the auth data .
creates an element in the xml namespace .
move all remaining views .
draws the current screen position.
returns true if the proxy settings contains the proxy settings .
indicates whether the default value is equal to the default value .
parses a key - value pair to a map .
called when the view is changed .
increments the number of buffers and adds new buffer to the new buffer.
creates a website address for the given pattern.
test verifies that the log file with the default filter .
resets the pending trie .
adds a random bytecode to the given byte array .
adds a command to the page .
returns a string representation of the matrix .
adds the sequence of statements to the end of this sequence .
notify listeners that the activity has changed.
returns the value that is within the given location .
converts the given entity into a byte array .
returns the first foo in the ordered list .
round a number to the nearest decimal point.
constructs a new runner object .
determine if windows is windows.
converts a date to a string .
returns the size of a component for the given component .
determines whether or not the given node type is identical to the given ast .
appends string data to the string builder .
returns a string representation of the given long value .
reset the position to the next position .
reads a single byte .
writes the given char sequence using the default encoding .
determines whether the idp proxy is an idp filter .
compile the java log file .
removes all listeners from the list .
creates a selectiondialog whose combobox can be editable .
builds the cache .
converts a class name to a file path .
constructs a uri from the given scheme .
adds a solution to the population .
returns a copy of the buffer .
create a new disk .
returns true if the domain matches the specified domain .
disables the given attribute name .
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
creates a string that contains the given post parameters.
returns the key corresponding to the given string .
saving method . ( see nbt_tag ).
returns the tip node .
decodes the octets of the octets of the octets .
construct a vector by appending one vector to another vector .
reverses the animation .
start the contacts observer .
support for reporting changes for integer properties.
test the lm rule .
invoked when a stream has been received from the source .
converts a user to a dto .
writes the given foreign key to the given table .
waits for the specified number of files .
converts data point to data object .
returns the list of files that have been written to this project.
updates the position based on the given particle time .
updates the tick label .
returns true if the given bounds is within the target bounds .
asserts that all the statements in the statements are in the same order .
show an item with the given id.
set the option value .
determines the target page based on the current page position.
returns the string representation of the given matrix .
returns a copy of the given points.
converts a string into a regular expression .
force to check if the passed loss is no longer needed.
split a string with the given separator .
test that split and separator ' s semicolon.
remove an array at the offset at the specified offset .
creates a new dictionary adapter .
returns true if the activity is associated with this activity id .
creates a new httpstreamwrapper object .
adds the given file to the list of files .
description of the method.
constructs a new spherical hull with the given points .
reads a short short from the stream .
prints the string representation of the specified number to the stream .
creates a proximity node from the graph .
determines whether or not the zoning needs to be used for zoning .
send a reply to the client.
creates a new loader .
navigate to the current path .
adds the number of messages to the end of the list .
creates a new cache entry .
swap two egl graphics objects.
constructs a list of window of size windowsize.
builds the path from a json string .
inserts an element at the given index.
returns the double value .
returns a matrix of the matrices.
creates new instance of file .
creates an object output stream for this file .
returns the set of keys in this map.
adds the given certificate to the list of valid certificate validity.
adds a policy listener.
verify that an entry in the cache for a particular code .
returns a new script engine for the given file .
finds the given module id in the given module id .
extracts the given type and return the result.
returns a copy of the date with the specified year .
recovers a key from the given alias .
creates a new loader .
min ( ) for unequal bigdecimals.
creates a new server .
scipio : concatenate the given array.
move camera to camera position.
shuts down the executor .
clears the builder .
deflate two characters in a string.
returns the index for the given list .
send an error log message .
add a propertychangelistener to the listener list.
deletes the given directory.
determine the minimum version of the given transaction .
constructs a scalar scalar .
generates a character value .
computes the standard deviation of the kernel function.
initialize the class loader .
inserts the specified element at the specified position in this list.
constructs a new multiplexstoremanager .
returns true if the given element matches the pattern .
returns a default value for the given value .
compare the last received message key .
draws the carposition.
cast a string to a java time .
returns a default server alias for the given socket type .
pdf of the distribution.
payment - charge - - charge - - - charge - charge - - - - charge -
parses the given template and processes them .
brokera - > brokerc.
flush the wsp document .
discards the current thread .
translates the given token into a single string .
returns the value of this packet.
registers a file type with the specified filename .
parses an integer from a string representation.
parses the request token .
requests the container request to the specified resource.
returns a collection of items that are equal to the given collection.
returns the index of the first key in the given array .
adds the given symbol to the set .
returns the escaped version of the given string .
returns the number of elements in this array .
returns a long value from a string .
returns the smallest ( n ) of the largest n - values in ascending order .
calculates the authority score for all the outlinks .
close the current thread .
saves the given file with the given path .
append a string to the buffer .
instantiates a new object .
unwraps data from network buffer .
indicates whether the given attribute is present or not .
checks to see if the user has permission .
store the shared password .
removes the given child node .
float value of a positive bigdecimal.
awaits for the external process .
refreshes the superclass and recursively.
called when the relation has failed .
changes the annotation document state .
removes an edge from the graph .
this method is called when a long key is pressed.
returns true if this node has a descendant of the given pattern .
writes a number of bytes to the given file .
generate source files.
returns true if the given object is a cglib proxy class .
calculates the orientation of the image.
tests fix for bug # 3059 - 1 - 1.
checks repeated int field equality ; null - length fields are considered equal.
inserts the given annotation .
adds a frame to the animation .
prints a code point to a string .
this method is used to clean up min / min / min / min / minidump
closes the underlying socket .
extract thumbnail image from a bitmap.
writes the package info to the file .
returns an array of events .
decode the der encoded der encoded in der form .
process a string list of prefixes.
returns a copy of the probability distribution .
dumps the given string into a hex string .
returns true if the given character is in the case .
check if two objects are equal.
returns true if mime type is present .
skips notifications on the given notification .
writes the data to the given object .
write a byte to the buffer .
returns true if the priority queue is empty .
constructs a vintpoint object .
draws the bottom edge of the bottom edge .
emits a method to add a list to a list .
parses a key from an ascii string representation .
construct a publisher from a publisher.
returns the next iteration .
adds the given variable to the queue .
canonicalizes simple url .
read the process from the given file .
calculates the duration of the animation based on the given animation .
returns the norm of the given vector .
determines the height of this view.
adds a new byte at the specified index .
returns the mean of all elements in the array .
creates a new playerstate object .
close the underlying stream .
creates a synchronous synchronous session token .
determines whether or not the two objects are equal.
initialize the default flag .
close inputstream without a exception.
test the random number of random values .
replaces all occurrences of a character in a string .
creates a new form form entry .
returns a canonical representation of the union type .
opens the given uri.
waits for all live nodes in the cluster .
adds an element to the vector.
checks to see if the rp object is valid .
splits a file into a list of files .
determines whether the given taxa is compatible with the given taxa.
draws a label on the text.
returns true if the mapobject contains any mapobjects .
performs all actions in the specified action .
returns a dump of thread roots.
adds the field mapping to the given field name .
returns the minimum size of the target container .
checks for the given resource .
creates a telurl from a string.
constructs a new svm instance .
restarts a new instance .
creates a new instance .
returns a string representation of this object .
pdf of gpd distribution.
generates a format for the given codec .
description of the method.
returns the maximum element of this stream according to the provided key extractor function.
searches for the given commit counter .
start the animator .
write the stack trace of this exception to a string.
split a variable name into a string.
called when the child thread has finished .
registers the transport with the specified mbean .
updates the table with the specified value .
cancel video fading fading .
removes an event listener .
this method parses the generic properties file .
adds a table lock to the given table identifier .
get a random element from the list .
update the map with the given map.
join an invocation to the specified thread .
defines a member definition .
attempt to open connection.
report an error . this is an error .
this method cannot be called directly .
decodes a string from a byte array .
this is the implementation of the given method .
returns the set of keys in this set .
outputs a list of content to the given writer .
modifies the coefficients of the given function.
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
appends a string representation of a hexadecimal string .
prints the bootstrap map .
returns an enumeration of the available options .
adds a new token to the list .
given a set of values , parses the result set with a filter .
adds the tags to the builder .
this method is used to load the package number.
creates a random bipartite graph .
adds the given focusable to this view.
set the http request header .
convert integer to title.
attempt to read a character .
process the input file .
initializes the runtime configuration .
converts a given number to a local string representation .
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
converts a list of longs to an array of integers .
update the menu state .
test read - put operation.
converts the given list of strings to upper case .
remove a notification listener .
cummin / cummax , opcode : ucummax , opcode : ucum
given a list of module directories and a list of modules , return a list of modules that
returns a string containing all of the error info .
getissames ( ) method testing.
start the kafka .
creates a jdbc data source .
converts a number to radians .
adds a header to the top of the recyclerview.
returns true if the given path is absolute .
initializes the demand map for the given collection.
returns an instance for this classifier .
constructs a recipe instance .
writes the tag with the given font .
internal method for adding an encoder .
connects to the specified host string .
called when the layer has completed .
configures the http client .
returns the error message .
returns the test suite .
load data from the xml .
construct an omraster , lat / lon placement with an imageicon .
starts the queue , starting at the specified number of threads .
gets called when a bound property changes.
asserts that two objects are equal.
returns a string representation of the given flags .
formats the given object into a sql string.
adds a new line .
add a child view to the bottom of this view .
compile a list of projects .
prints the contacts window .
resolves the promise .
adjusts the name of the node with the given name .
creates a snapshot of the block snapshot .
save the current configuration file .
returns the count of the items in the list.
creates a uri string for the given parameters .
disposes the given texture at the given location .
writes the given file into the given file .
creates a new scanner exception with the given message .
render the normals into a texture .
find all resources by type.
calculates the y - value of all values in the y - values of the y
decrement the ledger .
returns the size of the tree .
returns a connection with the given thread id .
estimate the distribution for a given number .
creates new repository metadata from the given stream .
returns true if the given datatype is a primitive datatype .
appends the line to the line .
this method should be called when the database is triggered after the foreign key - value has been
returns true if the node contains the specified string .
persist new temporary file .
adds a write value .
load the given unit .
this method is called when the worker has finished .
finish compressed data .
frees the free object .
returns true if the given key has the given key .
create an internal service .
scans the directory at the given index .
constructs a tagging output stream .
returns the list of messages that can be returned by the receiver.
stores given short value.
hashes the given byte array .
constructs a new fsm from the given url .
adds a node to the map.
makes the object immutable .
attempt to find the native library for the given name .
removes a component listener .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
returns true if the string is null or 0 - length .
verifies that the given message decoded .
returns true if the term index is an indexable .
sends the given response to the given response .
decode the base64 string .
blocks until the signal is running .
add a connection to the list of connections.
computes the distance from a point to a given point .
this method is used to convert the string value given to an int.
adds an item to the chain .
caution : while the background thread should be slowed down .
main loop to process events.
returns all the keys in the cache .
create a new dialogue recorder .
generate a unique id .
reschedule a list of alarms .
adds the specified name to this view .
perform an asynchronous min operation.
changes the state to the new state .
converts a date object representation to string.
adds a new test to the test case .
swaps two int values.
creates a list of impts.
allows this mutable to ensure that it is closed .
returns true if the pattern matches the pattern.
adds a server to the list of servers.
adds a leaf to the tree .
converts a timestamp into a string .
sets the content length of the given string value .
draws the background of the canvas.
modifies the lun group .
replaces all occurrences of a character sequence with the specified string .
closes the cache .
returns true if the two semantic concepts are similar to the similarity .
starts an analysis tracker .
adds a tuple to the internal list .
adds a song to the playlist.
filter a named element with the given name .
emits a map to the given field .
two objects are equal if they have the same hash code .
returns a string representation of the topology .
parses events from json .
removes a listener from this model .
replaces the builder with the specified string .
adds a permission to the directory .
this method attempts to run the timeout task .
learns an entity with the given mac address .
determines whether the given signature is a valid type signature .
remainder of division.
returns true if there are any children of the given group .
verifies that the number of arguments in the given type reference.
normalize incoming incoming incoming weights .
save the image to a file.
returns true if the file name is valid.
removes the given class from this class .
updates the current range .
closes the given scope by appending the given scope .
appends a byte array to the end of the array .
checks to see if a phone number is available on phone .
method to handle cancel button.
adds an attribute with the given attributes .
converts string value to string .
returns a string representation of this vector .
record a dialogue state .
writes the octets of utf - 8 octets .
creates a new wpserver .
verify that a zip file exists.
performs maintenance on the pool .
creates a new stateinfo object .
compares two values.
generates a new seed .
returns true if the source should be excluded .
decodes a hex string into a byte array .
creates a list of usernames that contains the given user ' s list of usercons
read the data header .
draws a text between two texts.
compares two percent objects .
returns a clone of this node .
determines whether a point is within the given column .
adds a source folder to the list of files .
creates a workflow to suspend a srdf volume .
calculate the m - value for the given delta .
creates a server socket that is connected to the given address and port .
prints a byte array to the stream .
this method deletes the native vplex object.
returns the index for a key comment .
returns true if the cookie has expired .
returns true if the user wants to be added to the user .
constructs a new empty mapstore .
instantiates a new annotated class .
generate the next generator .
puts the cache into the cache .
parses the given title string into the array.
returns the current selection .
calculates the excit ratio of an excitiator .
a repository root has been removed.
adds a new node to the queue .
instantiates a new message .
wraps the given command .
parses and returns a sql query .
returns the index of an element in the given level.
returns the number of attributes .
consume a tag name .
sorts the set of features in the tree .
remove all listeners from the list .
decrypts the hex string with the given bytes .
calculates the lt of the label in the given range [ 0 , y ,
recursively adds the densities of the given densities .
report an attribute change event .
decodes a file to a string .
evicts the idle pool .
generate a random population .
initializes a session .
consulta cadastrados de dados de dados de dados de dad
test verifies that all rows in one row from one table .
appends a character to the writer.
inserts a sequence of instructions .
creates a new builder .
counts the number of elements in the array.
processes and sets the unsaved ones.
pop an array of x y y values.
print a frame number .
delete the attribute value .
push an attribute set .
finish the scroll stack.
adds a new range .
sends the given response to the given response .
replaces all occurrences of a character in a string .
returns the next token in the text .
canonicalizes a path to the given path .
creates a new cacheexception with the given message.
go to next song .
draws a canvas with the given bitmap.
get the mqtt device.
starts the internal data collector .
reads the default serializable fields .
converts pixels to pixels .
adds a character buffer to the buffer .
computes the length of a vector.
creates a cache for the given values .
creates new attribute list panel .
this class cannot be instantiated .
removes the given photo from this user.
perform a binary search for the specified element in the specified range .
computes the set of matches for the given read - in - cluster .
returns an array containing the elements in the specified array .
keep track of a failed request .
dump the state of the stack .
creates a set of categories.
load the listener from the server .
uploads the specified file .
creates a new sslsocket using the specified socket .
format the node as a string .
this method is used to register the mbean.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image.
sorts the content of the specified comparator .
returns true if the given rrdexception is null .
appends the specified json value to the end of the array .
creates a new magicvarargs object .
sets up the video frame .
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects .
convert a string to a java.
creates dom object from dom .
returns a string representation of this object .
reset count of messages.
schedules a timer at the specified period .
copies the attribute value of the attribute of the attributevalue .
copies the file to the target file.
returns true if the given address is equal to another object.
returns the next double equivalent to the given number .
calculate the two hash code points.
discards the data with whitespace .
creates a new async selector .
removes the child at the specified index .
returns the difference between two texts .
paint the given painter using the given transform.
try to load a directory from a file.
returns true if the given class has been suppressed .
write a variable size long .
updates the digest with the given bytes .
writes an object to the stream .
returns true if the initiator is a rp initiator for the given initiator
initializes the list of supported messages.
read the configuration file .
if there is no field with the specified key , then associate the given value with the specified
combine two buffers into one more than one more than one more than one more than one
returns true if the mac device is mac device.
prints an object to the output stream .
constructs a new resolveresolver .
[ < rn > , + / - < rm > , + / - < rm
end the form of the formals .
returns true if the cursor is the next character .
extract project name from project name.
adds a new reference to this object .
resets the status text .
adds a property to the request .
determines if the point x , y , y will add a point to the current
constructs a head rule for the given rule .
or for two positive numbers ; the first is shorter.
submits the given task .
subtract two numbers of different scales using mathcontext.
allocate xy and y values in the database .
writes a vector at the given offset .
returns true if the given string is empty .
add a scroll view listener.
attempts to retrieve the given callbacks .
this method is called when a memory has been written to the server .
translates a point2d point to a java2d location .
update the traffic projection .
log a message with the given level .
writes the next byte .
decodes a bytecode to a hexadecimal string .
draws the background of the window .
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from
adds a layout editor to the panel .
executes the given files .
creates a new ip address.
collect the edit proposals based on the edit proposal proposals .
creates a new extension point .
ensures that the namespace name exists in the namespace.
returns map containing key - value pairs .
tests the classifier with the filtered classifier .
turns the first character of the given string .
returns a random index for the given population .
checks whether the given rectangle is at least one of the screen .
group all children of the given component.
counts number of nonce characters in a newline .
helper function to convert a row index to a fixed index.
returns true if both rules are in the same rules .
returns a description of the engine.
adds a role role to this user .
writes a map to a stream .
sleeps for the specified number of milliseconds .
restores the current system and the current system .
calculate crc for a set of integers.
determines the height of this view.
puts a byte array into the buffer , starting at the specified offset .
waits until the given document is completed .
create action with given string .
creates the gaps in the specified chunk .
4b basesecid | 3b windowid | 3b tupleid | 3b
calculates the gap between two rectangles.
moves the current tile position to the next available tile.
returns true if the equipment can be loaded .
determines whether an intent is available or not.
javax . net . ssl . sslengine # wrap ( bytebuffer [
send a connection to the server .
returns true if this certificate is a signed certificate .
this method calls proc insertusers and adds a record to the database .
returns nearest neighbor distance between start and end points .
constructs a dertimestamp from a given date string .
adds a new values to the panel.
reset the current set of parameters .
merges all intervals in the given interval .
formats the given type into string.
returns a sha - 1 hash of the given file .
pans the specified domain axis .
creates and initializes this controller .
creates the icon for the given checkbox .
called when window is closed .
deletes an entry from the keystore .
constructs a disjoint set .
prints cluster data .
adds a new component to the gui .
removes the mapping at the given index .
creates a token stream with the given name and value .
this method checks to see if the p_polyline is in the p_polygon
deletes a file or folder.
expands the array to a new array .
encodes a value in the given range of numbers .
skips number of bytes .
creates the lock file .
handles add attribute list request .
returns the value for the given key.
handle swf - load a swf file.
show quick reply with quick reply.
writes a byte array .
returns true if the configuration has changed .
ensures that the view tree rooted at the given root .
binds a set of local addresses to the server .
substitutes a callback for the given state .
creates a service for a schedule .
removes the specified object from the array .
constructs a new allowed set of users.
finds the distributed distributed device with the given name .
creates a copy of the given object .
notify all tasks that have been completed.
constructs a new requestparams object .
returns true if the file should be overridden by the user.
instantiates a new datasource.
returns the line starting at the given offset .
clears the sensor selection .
factory method for creating an array of different length type and length .
this method will be recursively recursively recursively recursively recurs
ensures that the connection is ok.
adds the given message to this message.
constructs a new key with the given hash .
concatenates the given array to the given length.
returns the road comparator based on the road.
read a byte array .
calculate the size of the nch chunk size .
returns the tip text for this property.
starts a query with the given class id .
close the underlying file .
get list of interfaces.
clears the data list .
make an edge graph .
sorts the given sequence into ascending numerical order .
associate the specified value with the specified key .
inserts all files in subdirectory .
create a shape for the edge.
dispose of object.
tests the scenario for the given method .
creates the reserve disk cache .
determine if the given resource has been requested .
calls the super method and reads the leaf node of this node .
creates an empty map with default values .
adds the criteria to the filter.
creates a new failoverpoolfactory for a connection factory using a default connection factory
creates a default format for the specified locale .
initializes the jdk 1.
constructs a message key object .
adds a node to the queue .
asserts that the given string is binary or not .
paints the specified component at the specified position .
restores a checkpoint object from a byte stream.
reads a class from an input stream.
returns true if the client ' s implementation is supported by the caller .
creates a new action object .
converts screen coordinates into screen coordinates .
adds window to shutdown .
constructs a new performance logger .
perform a discovery request .
constructs a hash from a string .
this method calculates the best search length of the two long strings for each subtext in the
returns true if the given string is in the sequence of digits.
determines if the uri represents a uri .
adds a vertical glue to the bottom of the box .
determines whether the given string is a resourcereference.
waits for the lock for this node .
returns an enumeration of all the members in this group .
adds a named property to the selectable string .
add an interface to the class.
cuts a string from the first substring of the given string .
perform http get request.
test that an iterator returns an iterator .
initializes the remote user object .
invokes the final method of the given object .
removes the tv show .
checks whether the encryption policy is enabled or not.
returns an instance of the given class .
inserts the specified element at the specified location .
calculate the cache size in the server .
returns the index of an array .
invalidates all the switchpoints .
converts a vdc configuration into a vdc object .
creates a new proxy object .
calculates the normalized prediction .
finish the wizard .
returns true if the given attachment point is valid for the given attachment point.
fire a cluster change event.
instantiates a batch request .
returns the rgb value for the given pixel .
checks to see if the given number is in the crc.
adds a component to the bottom panel .
deletes all files in the given directory.
creates a directory in the given directory .
emits the init method .
read cookie name from http request.
merges the result with the given resource .
translates a string representation of a given string to an output stream.
creates a bytebuffer for the given preview size .
inserts the specified child at the end of the list.
creates and returns the position of the marker.
returns a string with the specified number of spaces.
resets the dt context .
adds an activity listener.
mute the given username.
the real guts of the response .
sets the orientation of the component .
returns true if the selection is empty .
close the underlying stream .
returns an instance of this adapter .
fill an array with random bytes .
draws a triangle value .
returns true if the java library is a java library .
returns a set of named object names that match the query .
determine if the given touch is vertical or not.
creates an endpoint element .
returns a string representation of this object .
test where each operation locks one or more resources.
the start of an element .
returns a new array of bytes written to this buffer .
converts a string to a calendar .
convert bitmap to bytes .
save a template to the file .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
adds a transform to this composite .
this method is used to process a float array of high - level tileset.
expands a two - digit string into a list of english words .
returns the index of the first character in the specified string .
creates a new factory factory .
returns true if the frontier is empty .
checks if is enabled .
computes the variance of the given array .
sets the user ' s request .
send a location list .
serialize a text node .
returns true if the given visual position is inside the soft wrapper .
returns true if the world represents a valid world .
clears all the items with the pickers .
returns the next position in the specified position .
increases the current row index .
flush the buffer to disk .
generates a label for a given item in a dataset .
remove a graph listener.
invalidate the fade animation .
executes the given command with the specified version .
increments the counter by offset .
creates a service configuration from the given stream .
split a sentence into an id.
returns true if the action list contains a failed action .
adds the given string to the dictionary .
creates a deep copy of the given array.
returns true if the given tag identifier is a valid tag .
waits for the next message .
constructs a date object from a string .
copies a file to another directory.
creates a new map object .
reads a number of bytes from the buffer .
encodes the specified string using the specified charset .
tests comparison of number of attributes .
creates a new set of values .
deletes the given file.
prepare the list of sort keys .
returns a string representation of an experiment .
prints the magnitude of the message.
create zookeeper .
adds the string description of the key description to the tool group.
reads the remaining characters from the input string .
helper method to convert attributes to attribute set.
close the underlying stream .
updates amount of amount.
test verifies that the attribute name is unique.
this method is used to convert the string representation to an appropriate representation.
read a dex file .
adds an animation listener.
runs the given length with the given length .
adds a sub - tree at the given index .
generates code for the given blockexpression.
returns the gamma function for the given gamma function.
initializes the active slots list .
this method converts the action type to the appropriate action type.
helper method to hide the given key .
remove the mqtt token from the mqtt client.
returns true if the given type is an array of type arguments .
try to read from the given string.
this class cannot be instantiated .
returns true if this node is a leaf .
determines whether the given string is valid for the given charset .
interrupt the specified thread .
writes default serializable fields.
convenience method that adds a component to the given component.
checks to see if the eventid is in the event queue.
load the layout from a file .
adds a marker for the given file .
converts all separators to the given separator .
returns true if the parameter has the specified name .
returns the number of available memory .
returns true if the given identifier is a reserved keyword .
sort the specified list using the specified comparator .
handle the committed journal .
returns true if the task name is an appending task name .
converts a string to a bytebuffer .
creates a new cache entry .
returns the maximum of all elements in the array .
returns true if the start of the beginning of a line .
parses a 32 - bit long .
removes the instance at the specified index .
extracts the access key from the given uri .
do a transaction operation.
adds a string to the holder .
copies the specified array to the specified destination .
instantiates a new site list .
returns a set of ip addresses.
returns the vertex with the given id .
atomically adds the given value to the current value .
starts the monotonously .
returns the norm of the vector .
p - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
writes the entry to the stream .
creates a new instance of closebitmap with the given bitmap .
reads labels from a file .
adds a converter to this set .
parses the xml document .
truncates a map to a sorted map .
dumps the location of the index file .
compares two parameter types.
fill an array with random values .
this method is used to convert a string to a json string.
writes the contents of this buffer to the given outputstream .
this method checks the header of the list of elements in the hierarchy.
return an iterator over the elements in the jsonobject.
this method cannot be called directly .
asserts that the result is equal to the given query .
returns true if the given offset is equal to this one .
loads workspace screen ids from database .
renders the given node in xml representation .
parses the given string with the given arguments .
multiply scalerates a scalar with the given values .
change the state of the link .
returns a copy of this segment with the given distance .
this method is called when the end of the request is received.
returns true if the user is accessible by the user .
clears the table .
returns the index of a primitive type .
loads the given file .
returns a string representation of the given object .
calculates the positions for each text in the text circle.
flush the journal to disk .
try to create shared shared shared shared shared shared arrays.
add a property request to the server.
updates the server member .
returns true if the organization level is only one level.
decrements the runnable to decrement the runnable .
this method is called when the user wants to modify the button .
serialize the given object to a byte array .
resolves the module pointer for the given module name .
add a certificate store to the list of certificates.
instantiates a new nar class loader .
returns the block of this block .
substitute a substitution .
determines if the last point is dragged from the current position , and if it is
tests whether a single filter is correctly merged into a descriptor .
creates an edge with the given source and source .
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
creates the extended text label for this line .
returns a string with the given character at the given length .
returns true if the feature is supported by this feature .
atomically removes all of the elements from this queue.
parses the given string descriptor .
returns a csv string representation of the class .
subtract two positive numbers of the same length.
assign the given id value to the given id .
writes an integer to the given output stream .
returns true if this connection has been closed .
this method performs a search method to perform a list of objects and return a listindexindex
converts soap element to string .
closes the underlying stream .
initializes the camera manager .
returns true if two objects are equal.
write a boolean to the output stream .
train train with the given set of strings.
test de busqueda open ldap.
creates a default format for the specified locale .
calculates the p - norm of the two numbers of the two values.
writes an integer to the given output stream .
queue a given cube at the given location .
returns true if the available object is available on the available state .
invoked when a button has been clicked.
gets the largest release message .
remove a change listener.
returns a dump of the current thread log of the request log .
decodes a string to a url .
test for gettable ( ) method testing.
adds the specified collection at the end of the array .
remove the current file name .
initializes the compose state .
creates the tool bar .
parses the given date value .
constructs a new regular expression filter for the given pattern .
execute a sql statement.
adds a byte array to the output stream .
encodes a string using utf - 8.
this method is used to convert the given symbol to an appropriate representation.
parses a string as a float.
factory method to instantiate a new class .
requests the user for the shared user.
force out to keep enough memory out of the buffer.
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
computes an object representing an object with the given object .
intersect this clip with another region.
returns true if the getgetter object can get an int.
adds a condition to the queue.
clears the set of listeners .
removes the given string from the given string.
asserts that two lines are equal.
log a warning message .
returns the full form of the word if it is not equal to the word .
clears the password expiration warning .
removes the locale from the locale.
appends time zone to buffer .
removes all listeners from the listener .
returns a string that is the beginning of the given string .
set the scores for the given scores .
writes the given data to the given file .
computes the kernel function for the given parameters .
returns a h2d2 connection to the given host .
emits a clear value .
this method will be called when the screen is being recycled .
adds an input listener.
add a fixed view to the adapter.
load the given driver class.
adds a document to the buffer .
adds a command to the class name .
writes the column ' s next column .
this method is used to process the gsm plugin .
write a block to the output stream .
execute the search function.
returns the next token in the stream .
adds a new duration to the history .
paints the background of the specified control .
adds attribute values to service default values .
returns a string representation of the product .
returns true if the metadata has been modified .
sets the resource directories .
turns a class node into a class node .
push the import url onto the stack .
generates a message to a string .
sort the test suite .
appends the given event to the array .
adds a marker with the given name .
replaces a b in a string with the given b.
enables the final state of the final button .
wsptypedecoder test.
removes all actions from the list .
returns true if the given file is writable.
creates new instance of giblishoutputstream.
validates whether or not the tenant is valid .
rotate the z axis.
starts a new instance .
wakes up the out of the wallet .
returns the number of columns for the given character .
constructs a new optional value .
construct a new kafka consumer container .
deletes the entry from the keystore .
returns a string representation of the given group .
translates this line by p_vector.
dispose a runnable .
calculates the margin of the window .
adds a new attack to the queue .
turn an array of resource into a list of resource colors .
test the configuration file .
generate a salt for this class.
add a listener to the set of listeners.
selects the next tuple .
writes a number to the given output stream .
adds a message to the end of the list .
this method is called to start the container .
converts a string to a datetime object.
test for the logentry .
sets the latest extension version of the registry .
serialize a node .
clearbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
compare to a number of greater scale.
reads a single character .
cancel the current text field .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
sets the proxy host name .
verify that the given setter method matches the given field.
remove element from queue .
get a random number.
removes all indices from the given textboxindex.
learns an entity with the given mac.
populate zero data from zero - level data .
get version of the version number.
count the number of occurrences of the given character in the given string.
add an imageicon to the imageicon.
reads all remaining bytes from a given stream .
searches for the given string in the target string .
validate cassandra cache order .
this method is called to start the player thread.
removes the environment variable .
calculate the score for a given score .
returns the value at the top of the stack .
verify that the rsa distribution is signed.
returns the index of the last directory separator character .
determines whether the given view is within the given bounds .
this method is used to convert the bounds of the given type to the given type .
deletes quota from quota.
creates a basic header map from the given username .
adds an empty entry .
this method checks to see if the cache is not in storage .
read the xml file .
returns true if the collection of permissions is granted to the user .
executes the given runnable .
sends the next message in the network .
adds the given field to this attribute .
returns true if the session token is a valid session token .
returns the root of the squared error .
export this cell as a byte array.
creates account details for account details.
rotates the tree rooted at the given node .
updates the enabled state of the radio buttons .
updates the counter with the given value .
the graphical representation of a series .
checks the given signature .
this method is used to convert cardid to appid.
adds a root entry to the project .
creates a new source from a url .
tests whether a servlet is correctly merged into a descriptor .
extract the regular expression .
this method is called when the user wants to be overridden to ensure that the finalization
adds a search result.
registers a quick fix for the batch for the given text .
creates a new zip entry .
runs the test case .
start a new document .
dump the window hierarchy.
register a new rules observer .
this method sends the heartbeat to the heartbeat.
writes message to the output stream .
initializes the ssl engine .
constructs a getrandomaccessor for the given source .
creates new argument parser .
setbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
save a model to a file .
sorts the given spans .
splits the data into the specified subset .
removes a prefix from a path.
publish / send a message to the client .
removes the specified child from the list .
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the two
returns true if the two strings are equal.
sets the authentication request .
fetch the user config .
stops the event handler .
push a message onto the stack .
write to remote device.
returns the link for the message .
returns a list of file objects from the given file .
removes the specified element from the array .
send a sequence of bytes to a stream.
sorts the specified broker items by the specified type.
returns true if the entity is equivalent to xml .
updates the path for the path.
test for a journal with a single index .
returns true if the class loader is a p2d loader .
removes the sub - string from the sub - subject .
returns the next input stream .
convert bitmap to byte array .
inflate the given name with the given name .
add a warning handler.
prints a string to the stream .
writes an attribute to the output stream.
generates a syntax description for an attribute definition .
writes a buffer to the socket.
skips the annotation value for the given tag value .
recursive recursive method to combine nested events into a single stream .
generates the minimum matrix for the given matrix .
removes the request from the queue .
convert a location to a location.
finds all files in the given directory .
generates a drop command for a table .
register all registered listeners.
returns true if the scroll amount is out of the scroller .
reduces all instructions of the instructions to reduce the instructions of the stack .
returns true if the owner node is locked .
attempt to move the delta to the specified position.
compareto ( biginteger val ).
deletes the left - right text of the left - cursor .
cumulative probability density function .
read in a single file .
generate native guid format for storage port.
returns true if the set of paths are contiguous , false otherwise .
creates a new fast reader .
adds a field to the query.
returns a string with the specified format .
initialize the stream buffer size .
this method is used to register an intsensors to the number of sensors to the
converts a string to a number object .
return the probe ' s next sample .
applies the given json string to the replacement string .
constructs a keypair with the given principal and password .
returns a string representation of the relation .
process the given list of packages .
returns true if the timer has expired .
parse the given path string .
record a variable.
reads the backup file .
returns true if the media type is supported by the specified media type.
export all dependencies of the given dependencies .
returns a copy of the 8 - bit array of octets.
checks if network connectivity is available .
returns a random string of the regexpishpishp with the given regular expression
creates a list of expected partition values .
returns a string representation of this object .
register the given runnable .
saving method . ( see nbt_tag ).
extracts soft reference from soft.
formats a long value .
discards the given component .
copies the given page id to the given output stream.
write a number of bytes .
asserts that backup on disk status is successful .
handle missing tenant request .
throws an exception if the given state is not in the current state .
sorts movies by the movie set .
instantiates a new key value pair .
polls the stats broker .
returns the file name for the given file .
determines whether or not a cell intersects the boundary between two cells.
changes the overlay view into the overlay .
returns the name for a type reference .
creates a new state machine .
remove all attributes from this map.
verifies that the registrar is deserialized .
returns a triangle of the given dimenisions .
returns the terminal with the given name .
creates a new block block .
modifies the default values of the jtextfield .
this method escapes the regular expression .
constructs a char buffer with the specified string .
updates the ui for promo .
creates a new value object .
flush all attributes to be done.
returns true if the file exists in the file .
this method is called to restore the previous statements from the database .
displays the dialog with the given user.
dynamic init ( ) method.
recursively visit the path .
lays out the baseline .
reads an int value from the json array .
add a propertychangelistener to the listener list.
unregister the given preference .
validate the storage policy selection .
returns a description of the model.
converts a collection of given component type to an array of given collection .
create a new diff violation for the given problem .
computes the distances between the given node and edges .
returns the position of the current line .
adds a frequency to the frequency list .
parses the given parser .
schedules a interval of a given interval .
determine if the phrase is gerund phrase.
handle an error.
creates a request object .
runs the test case .
download the tmp log files .
reads the windowsattributes from the given file.
add participants to all participants.
creates a checkbox with a button.
assigns the probabilities for the given model .
converts a value to a string .
constructs a new kernel .
initialize the work list .
called when the model is linked to this model .
adds the given file to the internal file .
invoked when the tree has been expanded .
returns true if the object contains the specified object .
returns true if two version numbers are equal.
this method is called when the url is closed .
helper method to handle schemas .
push an annotated annotated values on the given map .
returns the version of this version .
sequences a query .
expunge stale entries from the table .
generates a list of all elements in the given list .
creates a list of integers .
shut down the window .
called when the mapbean is removed from the mapbean .
recalculate estimated scheduling task.
add document type to collection .
checks to see if a table exists in the database.
runs the test case .
returns the next token position in the given specification.
updates the background of the window .
given an array of numeric values .
checks if the directory exists.
adds the given port to the pool .
convert a string to a hash code .
writes a list of longs to the given stream .
returns true if the attribute name is defined .
shows the preloading mode .
removes all of the elements from this map .
removes the specified key from this map .
test the full copy of the full block .
runs the test case .
convert an ip address to a byte array.
sends a message to the client .
helper method to add the http request headers.
adds a long selection listener.
description of the method.
returns a string representation of this object .
constructs a new debug client .
change the value of the upper case .
returns true if the socket needs to be done .
returns a string representation of this vector .
adds the given pixelicon to the current screen.
draws the selection rectangle .
creates new exception with given throwable as a cause and source of error message .
determines whether or not the given set of volumes can be connected to any of the
constructs a derivation from a set of derivation nodes .
plus ( mathcontext ).
test negative number of radix 16.
converts an ant or ant ast into an ant tree .
display a frame in the window .
creates a new jsonreader that uses the given reader .
creates a trie from a string .
uses the given tokenizer .
computes the azimuth angle for the azimuth axis.
add a resource to the list of defaults.
this method is called when the display has changed .
returns the stream of the given class.
update the server address .
remove item from list.
randomly selects an enemy of the game .
returns true if the destination is valid .
sort list of storage pools.
adds the overlay to the overlay.
create a resource from a file path .
determine if the version number is newer than older than the lepeg.
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
escape xml characters to be included in xml .
forward data from the given vector .
searches for a given directory in the given directory .
compares the results of the cloud client.
returns a list of elements of the given xpath expression .
creates a new context for the current operating system .
collapses the tree .
queue a replacement for replacement .
remove a vetoable change listener.
creates a new throughputstream instance .
parses the given command line arguments .
this method is used to edit a bookmark for a particular user.
converts an array of utf - 8 characters into a string .
creates the bounds of the list.
records a pattern in the pattern.
returns a method with the given parameters .
returns the first illegal character in the given source string .
decode the character buffer .
method to check if the schedule is running .
adds a respawn point .
loads the list of organizations.
test against a json file .
generate certificate from certificate digest.
returns a string representation of the given object .
generates the last six - months where the last year is the last day of the given
finds the counter with the specified counter .
adds a message to the given uri .
runs the test case .
sets the mode of the engine.
remove stale entries from the list .
helper method to run the search project .
support for reporting changes to the vetoer .
this method is called when the full copy of the backup directory is deleted .
remove a tab from the list of connections.
draws a range between two rings.
converts all separators to the separator of backslash .
translate pending bytes to the output stream .
returns a trie with the given trie .
installs the given callback .
shuts down the executor .
creates a new storage entity .
displays the information about the given label .
format a console with the given string .
verify signer ( string , string , string , string , string , string , string
invokes the given method on the given class .
parses a pattern with the given pattern .
remove all loop points from the given graph .
bind item to list .
add two positive numbers of the same length.
adds a new range to the end of the list .
method to return a date instance .
returns the remaining capacity of the cache .
calls the super method and writes the conservative approximation of the knn distances of the kn
puts an object into the cache .
paints the selected row .
adds a horizontal row to the panel .
called when the trackpoint is clicked .
method to combine an array of bytes.
commit the given provider .
returns true if the cluster is still valid .
compares this object with the specified object id .
returns true if player id is equal to player id.
adds a field with the specified value .
returns a copy of the header with the given instance .
returns true if value is not null .
remove item from list.
creates a new instance of this class .
returns true if the gesture has been received .
initialize a layer .
returns the angle in radians .
fire a neuron movement .
creates an x509certificate object .
handles changes to the current selection.
parse the terms packet .
formats the given string with the given values .
sets the server name .
executes the count and returns the count.
calculate the confidence value .
adds a new parameter to the hashtable.
constructs a datasource from a stream.
converts a string value to a java string .
adds a new limitline .
read data from the input stream .
read data from the buffer .
inflate two arrays.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this queue.
draws the legends in the list .
retrieve metadata from database .
returns the encoded string .
reads bytes from the buffer .
flush all pending records .
creates a button panel with the given number of buttons .
and for two positive numbers ; the first is longer.
creates a new exportmaskworkflowworkflowworkflow for the exportmask.
compares two percent objects .
returns a uri for the edge .
reads a 16 - bit integer .
loads all projects from the database .
returns a word with all the given phonetic string .
removes the node at the tail of the frontier .
returns true if the given path is a file .
compares this object with the given name.
instantiates a new zookeeper .
creates a new basic condition .
reads the stopword from the given path .
returns a string describing the revision information .
this is called when the barrier is broken .
returns a filtered list of points with the given tolerance .
send a log message to the server .
writes the stacktrace to the given stream .
creates a new distributed log writer .
turns a number into a string.
loads an image element .
creates a new thread register with the specified values.
sets the request parameters .
returns true if the checkbox is triggered .
inserts all of the elements in the specified collection into this list , starting at the specified
calculate score for a given playlist.
removes a scan callback .
paints a rectangle at the specified location .
sample the probe ' s next release .
returns true if the page is breakpoint.
shuts down the executor service .
determine if the given character is a proposition identifier .
prints a zmatmat .
returns the index of the first occurrrence of the pattern string in the stringbuffer
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
returns a string representation of the given indices .
truncate string to given length .
removes all transactions from the ledger .
load a groovy script .
cleans up the region at the given location.
constructs a sort of the given fields .
returns true if the result is successful .
starts a phone search .
deletes the resource configuration .
create a new bus movement .
deletes the last usage size.
creates the gui of the dialog .
generate a random number between two limits.
creates a new instance .
adds a tracer to this tracer .
increases the capacity of the number of entries .
updates the value of the damage .
test for an empty event on the map .
constructs a new graph .
trim the version number from the api.
queries the inventory of an inventory item .
adds an incoming interval to the scores .
reads the given file .
constructs an instance from the bayes im wrapper .
save data to disk .
flatten a map into an xml serializer.
returns true if the key should be pre - ready for the given index .
generates a new challenge token for the given address .
performs a basic block check on the basic block .
runs the specified task .
pack an array into a new list .
remove an interrupt request.
called when heatmap has failed.
inflate a drawable resource.
gets object field offset .
add an annotation with the given string.
write a byte array .
creates a new iv , concatenating the given ciphertext , with the given iv
sets the timestamp based on the current timestamp .
constructs a new materialpacket object .
returns the edge between p1 and p2.
increases the sequence probabilities for the given string .
resolves an issue .
decodes the given string as a byte array .
this method is used to test whether the database is open or not .
distinct aggregate function.
checks whether the given entity name is an unparsed .
flush the underlying stream .
encodes a string using utf - 8 encoding .
called when the popup is focus .
add a client property to the request.
executes the given task .
serialize the given value .
this method adds all the submissions for the submission .
returns a bit value from the given string .
get the next token .
compute the two dimensions .
writes remaining bytes to the stream .
removes a listener on the tree .
constructs a uri from a name .
adds a stream to the stream .
this method is used to convert the given record into the given buffer.
touch - reset the store for the candidate .
returns a hash code for the given object .
adds a parse template .
attaches the camera to the camera.
returns the minimum of two values.
prepare the mbean with the given name .
try to find a string that matches the given pattern.
generates a string for the given annotation .
returns a new bytebuffer with the specified capacity .
adds a new value .
validates a collection attribute attribute .
put a string at the current position.
an external entity declaration .
sets the hlli alpha model .
parses a field descriptor .
this method validates a response ticket object , raising an exception if the response token is not
schedules the specified task .
draws an ellipse using the given semor.
swaps this cursor to the specified cursor .
locks the buffer to be flushed .
returns true if the class can be randomized or not .
generate native guid format for this serialnumber.
creates a secret key from the given string .
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster.
sort all children of the given condition .
returns a random integer from the distribution.
returns true if the given sound is in the current system.
iterate over the serializer .
checks the given object name for the given key .
returns true if the manager is shutdown .
initializes the class loader .
draws the arc to the given circle.
formats a date with the specified format .
decodes the given byte array .
constructs a message digest using the specified algorithm .
merges the given array into ascending numerical order .
copies the list of access levels to the given access level.
puts the specified byte buffer into the buffer .
this method is called when the array is received .
requests the stream for the given stream .
remove a view from the recyclerview.
consume a sequence identifier .
populates one byte array with random bytes .
serialize the test suite .
roll back a temporary file .
parses the geometry string representation of a geometion string .
add packet to queue .
returns the index of the last occurrence of the specified object .
returns true if the operation is undone .
calculate image destination for imfactory.
this is called when the project changes to the project .
called when a point is clicked .
updates the visible ids of the tab .
traverse the graph representation of this node .
show previous item .
calls the super method and writes the node to the specified stream .
adds an input node to the list.
initializes the postgres database .
this method is used to register an object read from the given object.
adds the extension header .
merges the frame with the current frame .
executes keytool tool.
this method is used to smooth the current position to smooth the next position.
update the test property value.
unassigns services from the given collection .
expands a point in the cluster .
getfloatarrayelements : get all float array elements.
prepares for use in transfer buffers .
outputs all whitespace lines .
adds a payment to the payment.
helper method to register unregister all registered extensions .
removes all objects from the text .
deletes the name of a existing user.
factory method to create a new type .
cleans up the directory .
this method waits for the given iterators .
adds a callback to the lifecycle events .
returns the index of the path to the specified path .
destroys the volume .
returns a stack with the given points.
validate the cooldown settings .
convert bytes to megabytes.
generate a clone of a zone name.
writes a signature block .
create a select statement .
shows the given animation .
returns true if the key is a uri.
receive data from the given buffer.
adds a new channel to this handler .
send a byte array to the socket.
create a copy of the given collection.
converts an http entity into a byte array .
adds a tail command line .
creates a new uri instance .
calculates kernel value for n points.
deserializes object from file .
return true if the segment name is a segment segment .
creates a cipherparameters object for the given type .
adds a new emote group .
updates the measurement stats for the last measurement .
returns true if the path should be included .
generate a list of units.
concatenate two languages .
invoked when the selection has changed .
initialize the histogram from the given values .
deserializes the state of the object .
javax . net . ssl . ssl . sslsocket # ssl
converts the user ' s home directory to the absolute path .
returns the stamp bits of a resize stamp .
read a single byte .
generate an md5 hash .
returns true if the given emote code is ignored .
returns true if the given property name is allowed to be allowed for this property.
read the xml file.
create a zero number from an array of zero bytes.
accepts a new socket .
transforms the specified file .
reports the progress bar .
returns a new dom document .
set the ssa as a ssa value.
handles add request handler request .
draws a data point at the given location .
this method will chunk a set in chunkset.
parses the meta data.
locates a given field .
converts a given byte array to a certificate object .
adds the dump file to the dump file .
convenience method to append a date value.
returns true if the specified sequence number is in the sequence .
dispose of object.
converts a collection of dimensionalitemobjects to a list .
sets the aliases for the given source .
add a new table to the database.
removes a listener from this configuration .
puts the scrap heap into the list .
called when the window is closed .
schedules the specified task .
returns a hash code for the given object .
parses the given string into a vector.
returns a string describing this filter .
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the two
called when the beancontext is added to the beancontext .
decodes a datasource object into a datasource.
returns the next character in the stream .
adjusts the height of the table for the given table and height .
retrieves all the given volume uris from the given list .
parses a string and returns a formatted string .
updates the index buttons based on the index column .
returns the url for the given poi.
waits for decoding .
returns a plain text that contains the given content .
updates the cipher using the given algorithm .
calculates the packed positions of the packed text based on the packed positions of the packed
perform sql update statement .
returns true if the lock is subject .
returns a hash code for this object .
adds a new action to the view.
displays the given help file.
stores a location in the preferences for the specified location .
returns the first derivative .
compares this object to the specified object.
return a string representation of a jsonobject in a row.
remove a table from the database .
returns true if the given category is contained in this project .
determines if the passed volume is full copy of the full copy volume .
tests two linear regression models .
this method is responsible for user permission.
verify that quorum completes with quorum .
this method is called after the explanation has been executed .
pause the current thread .
prints a string followed by a newline .
reads characters into a portion of an array .
reads a single character .
callbooleanmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a boolean value.
returns true if the given variable is in the grammar block .
creates an instance of project .
test that two doubles are equal.
returns true if the specified class is registered in this class.
returns the class with the given name .
wait for the operations to finish .
returns true if the test geometry contains the test geometry .
processes the " http post " post " in " http post.
creates a new endpoint .
parses an attribute value .
constructs a time series collection .
returns a list with the given elements .
allocates the capacity of an array .
adds an attribute to the current element.
creates a directory in the container .
draws an array of ellipse.
zooms the domain axis .
refresh the next challenge count .
creates a new identity matrix .
converts an awt image to an awt image.
returns true if the key strength is available for an encrypting algorithm.
( since linux 2.
adds the totals to the table .
fill the stack buffer with the given elements .
returns true if the file type is a file for the midi file.
makes this object immutable .
generates a uniform random number between 0 and 1.
initializes the ds instance .
compares the worker count .
updates the height of the view based on the items in the list .
determines if the given path is a windows windows.
processes a char value .
creates a child element with the given name.
returns true if the line segment is balanced for this segment .
parses attributes from the given reader .
read a binary file .
test an empty solution .
adds a new condition .
ensures that the threshold is reached.
removes the index from the given index .
rebuild the active event list .
creates a new instance of diskstorefactory.
deletes all subdirectory of the given directory .
puts the specified number of bytes into the buffer .
marks the given rop register as a reserved register .
register a resolver for the default resourceresolver .
processes the authentication response .
attempts to acquire the given byte array .
creates a new empty pipeline .
initializes the generic method .
attempts to acquire the given id .
puts the contents of the given buffer into the current buffered buffer , and sets the
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer.
change user name by name.
creates a new databasedata object .
stores an exception to the stack.
instantiates a new elf generator .
reads data from the given url .
returns true if the current time is valid .
creates a new energy network .
convert kilobytes to kilobytes .
creates a pendingintent for the given intent .
returns true for a static method.
test against the string buffer.
unify line separator .
decrypts the given key with the given password .
set the configuration for the given platforms .
fills the list based on the selected items .
locates a given field .
calculates the break position for a breakpoint with the given string.
returns a simplex_shape representation of this polygonx object.
inject the given content .
returns true if the character sequence is null or 0 - length .
turns a string value into a boolean value .
notify this object that it has been removed from the list of listeners.
performs a lookup for the given template .
generate a random key.
returns a copy of the values .
deletes the given path.
creates the regular expression template.
adds a new line to the file .
update the known attachment points.
removes the iterator starting at the given offset .
formats a double to a string .
truncate a string to a given length.
returns a subset of the sub - subset set .
determines if the given legion is disbanded .
add a tuple to a tuple.
iterates from this number down to the given number , inclusive , decrementing by one
parses xml element from dom.
this method is used to read the byte buffer.
inserts the full list of the full text into the list .
returns an input stream for a given string .
adds the given item to the end of the list .
copies a list of files to the given list.
parse the resource list .
deletes all existing existing user.
this method incorporates the signed properties from the signed properties .
creates and returns the selection highlighting .
computes the mean of all elements in the given array.
return the depth of the pointer .
performs the comparison test .
import file.
returns list of cosid list of cosid.
add a new scaling task to the queue .
inserts a new node into the tree at the given position .
return the probe ' s next sample .
writes a file to a file .
verify the current authentication tag tag.
returns the mime type for the file .
registers a binder for this binder.
parses a route file .
removes a dtedframe from the list of dted files .
adds a file to the jar .
read the next lookahead .
splits a vector into a vector .
writes the header to the file.
called when the user presses the window .
adds a task to the queue .
replace all occurrences of the regular expression with the given string.
migrate all the entities of the given entity .
adds entries to the map.
called when a child thread has started .
the graphical representation of the labels on the x axis .
converts a byte array to a string .
compares this object with the specified object .
make an instance of this class .
read a binary file from a stream .
determines whether or not a type is a type of type 2 .
specify all the sections of the builder .
consume a crlf character .
process the log request .
compares this attribute to another object.
accepts the given file .
adds an option to the list of options .
checks whether the activity is currently running or not .
start the scan thread .
determine if the url is a landing page .
writes a row definition .
send a string of bytes .
sets up the token manager .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
returns a string representation of the object .
returns the path for the given filename .
signs the given content using the given hash .
returns true if the input string is the next match .
deserializes an object from a byte array .
creates a new intervalimpl .
returns true if key is a boolean value.
instantiates a new shoppingcartitem object .
binds the given stream to the given stream .
initialize the zoom layer .
computes the sample skew based on the given values .
extracts the span of a span .
called when the operator has finished.
returns true if the delay has a delay .
puts spaces off the stack .
remove the next closeable .
creates an inputstreamreader that uses the specified encoding .
perform delivery of a message .
decodes a message from the given header .
returns an example for the given example .
returns a hashcode for this object .
returns a clone of the iterator .
this class cannot be instantiated .
returns true if the given key contains the given private key .
sets the data with the given byte array .
sets the rotation matrix for the given rotation matrix .
writes the server registry of the server configuration .
converts a double to a string .
decodes the given number of bits in the output stream .
creates a new record .
instantiates a new thread .
look up a record of an audio input stream.
adds a new condition .
returns an array of bytes from the given bytebuffer .
find the package and class name .
logs a message and its throwable .
fetch the rp protection protection pool against the target pool .
creates a new namespace from a file .
compute the cardinality of the bit set .
deletes literal string .
creates a uri from cookie .
send a log message .
adds a value to the list that is not null .
creates a new dimportkeypairpkcs8 dialog .
pretty printing accumulator function .
substitute a string with another string .
removes a listener from the list of listeners .
main loop of config messages.
clamp the number of values to the maximum value .
deserializes the state of the object .
returns the predecessor index for the given source index .
creates a new lockwriter for the given file .
append a description of the program .
decodes a hex string .
helper method to convert a file to a url.
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation.
converts the given string to upper case .
update the environment variables .
creates a new class from the given string .
notify the timestamp stamp.
returns the next token , stepping forward the pattern .
removes a service node .
returns a string representation of this uri .
send a handshake request .
sets the minimum and max value .
emits the given number of bytes .
rotate x axis.
verifies that the audit completes correctly .
scale a rectangle on the center of the given scale .
parses an unprintable string and returns an unparsablecharhandler .
determines the height of this view.
returns true if the uri is null or not .
updates the pending download list .
limits a value to a given number of values .
creates new version .
returns true if the network is connected to the network .
remove an item from the list.
calculate the parity channel for a given source channel.
register listener for startup events.
quietly closes given source key .
runs the task pool .
creates a des encryption key from the given key .
checks that the given descriptor matches the given type .
creates a new javascript output stream for the given module .
returns a string representation of all nodes in this text .
adds a line to the output file .
constructs a new string with the specified string buffer.
returns the number of entries in this set .
executes the given command on the given command .
creates a new instance of libertymanager .
this method checks if the attribute attributes are valid .
updates the zoning information for the given exportmask .
waits for the next invitation .
returns the x - y - value for the y - matrices.
returns the number of components in this component .
java . math . math . math . math . math . math . bigdecimal #
skips words according to the frequency count of words .
creates a new instance of a keytype .
generates a sorted hashmap for the given tags .
description of the method.
shorten the class name to a given classname.
adds a graphic to the overlay .
returns a string representation of the classifier .
performs the native flip operation for the given x - value .
add a property restriction.
initializes and returns the runtime for the java runtime .
called when the user has moved .
creates a new id .
called when an entry is encountered .
adds a closure to the stream .
returns the next tag .
writes a collection of objects to a json string.
read color table color table .
touch the last modification .
adds a keypair to a keystore .
returns true if the file should be loaded .
constructs a new repository request .
disables all buttons in the panel .
returns true if the string is a positive number.
write string to output .
add a switch port to the quarantine queue .
creates the sorted sort index information from the sorted model .
adds a feature at the given index .
constructs a bitstring with the given string value .
sort the given individuals .
writes the contents of the given file .
instantiates a new asynchronous task .
returns true if the given name is a renamed version of the named method renamed .
creates a password reset dialog .
creates union of two arrays.
returns true if the given window is a change of the state change .
this method is called when an xpath expression is created .
returns the largest number of values in ascending order .
grab the method class from the given signature.
instantiates a new timestamp delta .
returns the number of nodes in the graph .
returns the next element .
this method escapes the specified byte string .
appends all of the elements to the specified number of times .
renames a map of class names.
handles save button request .
creates new exception given throwable as a cause and source of error message .
returns the euclidean distance between this distance .
called when the test runs.
returns a list of challenge codes .
converts the given ssl socket to a byte array .
creates a new instance with the specified seed .
verifies that the given certificate is valid.
encrypts the given password with the given password .
returns the number of rows in the table .
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string .
writes a proto to a byte array .
reduce an imageicon to a given width and height.
adds the given sound to the internal array .
counts the number of pages in a filter .
returns the index in the given table name .
score a collection of tracks.
returns the current time in milliseconds .
convert a longitude into a byte array .
stores a long value .
runs a list of commands.
draws a circle centered on the given coordinates.
prints a double followed by a newline .
write a 16 bit value.
maps a sequence of string to the given string buffer .
adds a button listener.
dispose of object.
fills the given qname with the specified attributes .
creates a propertyconsumer object .
copy a file to the outputstream.
deserialize the kdbc header from the given datainputstream .
runs the test case .
returns true if the user has all permissions on this permission .
fetch the charset for a charset.
paints a single view .
adds a new control to the list of controls.
this method is called to process the add - add - on the add - on add -
recalculate the color based on the current color .
returns a string representation of the oid .
called when the idle thread is idle .
adds the given span to the cache .
compares this uri to another object.
repaints all the children of this panel .
validates a dns domain name .
read a comment from the input string .
returns the index of the next character in the specified string .
returns the content of the given url .
extracts a csv row from a given string .
connect to the server .
validate the cache header for a http request .
get the active ivr zoneset.
returns an empty immutable map .
replaces all non - non - non - non - optional non - non - non -
returns a string representation of the accountable .
returns a hash code for this object .
deletes the given instance at the given type .
read a list of strings from a reader.
adds a cachecontext to this cache .
returns true if the cg command is a cg method callable.
compares this media type with the specified name .
returns true if the dependency is modified .
creates an instance of a new replaceableelement.
returns true if fxg version is greater than 0 .
creates and returns a datasource.
returns a set for the given object .
scrolls to the current view.
adds the metaobject to the set of meta objects .
removes the given word from the list .
add two positive numbers of the same length.
adds an item to the list .
invokeall ( c ) throws nullpointerexception.
adds a package to the list of configuration .
close the underlying stream .
creates the blockmirror data for a blockmirror object .
starts listening for the port.
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other
throws an exception with the given exception .
clears the result .
returns a string representation of the given collection .
returns true if the given value is within the given range .
replaces a string with the given parameters in the given stringbuffer.
looks up an array ofqualifiers.
returns true if the frame id has multiple frames .
parses the configuration file .
creates a rf4f file for the given rf file .
add an event to the queue .
choose a server alias for a server socket .
processes the bpeg image.
constructs a new path handler .
load all the lines from the xml file .
load the ignore file .
removes the given argument .
description of the method.
creates a new instance of pkcs8certificatec .
creates a new note .
make sure that the messages are seen within the given messages .
adds next node .
handle a property change listener.
reads a byte from the stream .
adds the given int to the list .
resets the bottom of the grid state .
tests the next token .
returns a repaintmanager for the given component .
returns true if the device initiator is a valid pv4point .
determines if the given string is a valid xml string for a given char [ ]
send a message to the output stream .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end -
removes a click listener.
adds the given section to the list of sections .
calculates the preferred position for the given text based on space and tabs .
adds all the values in the given vector to the end of this vector , expanding the
writes given inputstream to given outputstream .
adds a new rule .
validate the number for the given number .
sends the message to the worker list .
turns a string into an arraylist .
returns the charset for this java .
convert a positive bigdecimal to an engineering string representation.
removes all of the elements from this vector.
add a layer definition .
returns a list of rules .
applies the given set to the managed model .
writes characters to the buffer .
returns the episode matching the given filename .
creates an operation to create an operation .
fire a sparql event .
sets preference type for preference type.
expunge stale entries from the table .
returns true if the string is numeric .
tells whether a given type is a char.
construct a key from its bytes.
converts a calendar to a date .
returns true if client authentication is enabled .
creates the image file panel .
writes a line of text to the output stream .
returns the child at the specified index .
checks permission to ensure that the thread has permission to bemodifiable .
creates a new function .
remove quotes from the given string.
returns true if the attribute is defined in the namespace .
a shallow clone of the shallow clone .
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog .
returns the last index of the specified object in the list.
creates a new floatcolumn .
read the main entry.
purges the key / value pair .
checks whether the user has permission ' convertermanager.
compares two artifact coordinates for equality.
verifies that the matrix of the given matrices are equal.
import from source changes.
returns the output file for this document .
returns a fuzzy query .
instantiates a new call chain .
starts the playback of the record file.
throws an exception if the given string is not empty .
reset the current context .
converts an object to a list of parameter values .
logs the specified user.
creates an appropriate network interface for the given network .
constructs a new code instance .
create a new datast broadcaster .
close the rrd file .
rotate the vector by the given degree .
gets the contents at the given uri .
adds a mapping from the specified fieldnumber to the specified mapping.
hide the border of the border.
removes a filter from the list of transactions .
adds a point to the list .
adds the tag id to this tag .
applies the ssl socket to the given socket .
order all nodes in the tree .
initialise the tussian structure .
generates a string representation of the given expression .
initialize the frame buttons .
creates a workflow from a clone of the given source.
remove a data source listener.
returns a substring of the given string .
this method is used to clear all unassigned blocks .
unmarshals an object from a byte array .
called when grid is stopped.
push the current template folder .
prints the depth first traversal .
add an event to the queue .
creates a schema instance .
initializes the board state .
called when the scan is open .
adds a primitive string mapping .
initialize the image map .
returns the replicator in the replicator directory .
construct new string data with given string .
writes a sequence of repeated repeated numbers to the end .
appends the string representation of the float argument to this string buffer.
executes the given file .
perform a check for schedule.
close the underlying stream .
normalizes the stack of the given path .
get random object .
record a given deployment .
this method is called when the bundle is started .
handler method to handle successful failure.
shut down mysql database thread .
writes the buffer to the underlying stream .
parses the given input text into a string .
this method is called when a custom parser is created from a custom parser .
writes a jpeg image to a file.
checks if the image server has the same image server .
returns the current timestamp .
removes the given extension .
returns the namespace for the given namespace at the specified index .
adds the observer to the list of observers .
returns the distance between the given k and k and k and k and k .
format the object into a string .
adds a key - value mapping.
releases a given field .
converts list of alertdto objects to list of alertdto objects .
gets the executor for the given executor .
adds a group properties listener .
this function edits a global function .
clears the session .
returns true if the entry exists in the directory .
unpacks the compressed string map .
initializes native i.
returns the hash code for the given string .
the start of an element .
returns true if the given key is a string .
creates multiple nodes in the vml list .
construct a zmatmat .
checks for ant version version.
creates the basic block .
returns true if the two characters sequences are equal to the specified character sequence.
divide two positive numbers of the same length.
returns an enumeration of all the elements in this production .
adds the given node to the tree .
returns true if the event is disabled .
creates new dviewsystem dialog where the parent is a frame .
transforms an array of points to the matrix.
this method converts the escaped string value to the target function .
returns a string representation of the port .
adds a new session listener.
create a path to a hexadecimal string .
prints message to the given user .
connects to the socket .
returns true if the given string is an access modifier .
handles an append request failure .
selects and returns the size for the given pixel size .
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects .
decodes a byte array using utf - 8 encoding .
converts attributes to lower case .
accept the given annotations .
create a list from passed objx parameters.
returns the next part of the file .
returns true if the tabbed tab is in the tabbed tab .
compute the parameterized model .
this method is used to convert data type to target data type.
find the minimum of all elements in the array .
move the selected row in the table .
instantiates a new jar file .
shuts down the executor .
converts a list of paths to a list of file paths .
this method is called when the key is installed or not .
this method is called when a date is in the week.
rounds the x , y , and z values of this vector3 down to the nearest
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
clean up the frontier if it is active .
parse the attributes passed to the view.
concatenates two byte arrays .
assert an error signal has been received .
asserts that the given argument is valid .
returns true if the given calendar is within the given calendar .
create a view for the login menu item .
unmoves the scsi volume from the given volume.
returns a collection of the elements in this set .
adds a quad arc to the given path.
parses the content of the given block .
creates a random number of bytes .
removes all callbacks .
reads bytes from the file .
handles mbean manager .
checks whether the shape is set .
returns true if the given file is visible .
appends two arrays to the end of the array.
this method deletes the stored attribute .
constructs a new string from the specified byte array.
initialize the search item set .
computes the base cell ' s contents of the clipboard .
reads a single byte .
construct a cuboid that represents a cuboid .
calculate the log marginal likelihood of the given values .
determine if the message is new .
installs the properties in the system .
writes doubles from the given double array , starting from the specified offset , to the current
helper function to load addresses from the given address map .
determines whether the extension of the given filename is an extension .
this method is called prior to persist the database .
add a padstack to the padstack .
instantiates a new command .
called before content model .
constructs an omraster with the specified parameters .
creates an input source from a string .
returns the root preference root node .
returns a string representation of the socket identifier .
pushes the given string onto the top of the stack .
read a string from a file .
returns the x - y coordinate of a x - x - y coordinate .
creates a new input object .
creates a new instance of the class manager .
swap two egl graphics objects.
returns the last login time .
returns a stream consisting of the words of the given string .
adds the given data to the list of appinfo.
returns a match with the given value .
remove html markup from a string.
creates a dash string from the dashes array .
returns the position in the pattern .
try to load the next generation .
reads a single line from the input stream .
check the table exists in the table.
process the colon - delimited scheme .
returns true if the given string contains the given script delimiter .
compress a number of bytes .
establish an invariant that the quorum is not joined .
encrypts data in a block .
prints the text at the current position .
adds the given collection of connections to the given group .
load a map from the input stream .
add a line decoration to this line .
returns the link title for the given url .
adds a new value to the current value .
closes this stream .
returns the number of entries in the set .
create a warning diagnostic .
create a new destructure.
handles delete button request .
checks if the socket is healthy .
adds a column at the given index .
initializes the graph panel .
calculates the norm of the vector given a vector.
force to convert a string value to a string.
returns a hash code for this equation .
converts the minimal ringedges into a minimal ringedges .
removes an image listener.
update the channel size .
writes a new new journal to the given file .
returns true if the string matches the given string.
called when the mouse is pressed .
computes the maximum value for a given series of percentiles.
adds the channel to the channel.
joins an array of objects into a single string .
returns true if this store has a specific trait .
creates qty based on qty.
returns the number of parameters .
load the values from the xml node .
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from
read data from the ref .
returns the dot product of this vector .
emits the code of the subinstruction.
calculates the standard deviation of the given list .
trims the size of the array to the target size .
setbit ( int n ) outside a negative number.
compares two boolean values.
decodes the next solution .
creates a new udpessage .
multiply all values of the values in this map by the given value .
returns true if the current level is greater than the current level .
compute the package children of the given package .
quote the given file as a string .
read data from the net buffer.
clears the cache .
removes an image from the list of images.
returns true if the navigation area is in the navigation bar .
updates the aperture based on the current value of the aperture .
builds an invocation from the given protocol .
this method is used to compute a new exception.
gcd : the first number is zero.
test for case .
evaluates the given expression on the given list of expressions .
parses the given string relative to the specified directory .
gets the charset from the given input source .
generate a url for a series.
returns true if the thread has expired .
displays the identity model .
decodes a 64 - bit integer value from the given buffer .
creates and returns the script as a script .
calculates the c - value for the given number .
adds a group to this group .
create the layout for the workflow .
request that the poller thread has been received .
adds a field to the query .
encodes the parameter to the stream .
signal that no ack has no ack.
converts an int array into a string .
copies the given byte array to the target .
calculates the great circle distance between this location and a great circle.
parses the manifest in the given project .
read an array of bytes .
fired when the operator has changed .
removes an individual .
modifies a new variable id by replacing it with new id.
returns a string repeated times .
waits for state changes to the next state .
choose the node in the tree .
constructs a new adduserspec .
parses the given string as an integer .
returns the rectangle of the node ' s node.
stops the worker threads that are running .
returns a clone of the frame .
calculates the status of a flitch transition.
moves the given method name .
save the term attributes .
consumes to the next sequence .
prints the list of ip ids.
disposes the underlying codec .
returns the number of transpositions of the two characters.
parses an object from the given string .
returns a stream of the time series .
registers a modinfo with the given manifestinfo .
arranges the container with no width and height .
determines if the given message type is the given message type.
generates a certificate for the given public key .
handles next button request .
checks all dependencies of the moduledescriptor .
this method is called when the beancontext has been removed .
ensures that the given directory exists.
returns a string representation of this object .
writes default serializable fields to stream .
the start of an entity .
returns true if the given name is a java keyword .
extracts the import url from the given matcher.
indicates whether some other object is equal to this one .
runs the test case .
renames an internal type .
writes a list of files to a file .
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog .
invalidate the cache .
flatten a byte [ ] into an xmlserializer.
writes a set of strings to a file .
cancel the request by tag.
draws a horizontal snap border for the given text .
creates a subset of a record .
queue an operation to be executed .
interpolates the cells in a string .
transforms a shape using the given shape .
prints a list of objects .
initializes the components panel .
check the revocation status .
returns the source type for the given alpha composite .
removes the target icon from the list of registered tags.
returns a list of all phonemotes.
removes a file from the given file .
returns true if the two delta numbers are equal to the given delta.
the end of the method.
java . util . arrays # fill ( byte [ ] byte [ ] , byte [ ]
start an empty key .
calculates the logarithm of the given value .
uploads file to destination file.
creates a new zip file.
removes a column for the given column name .
returns true if the image is empty .
restores the badges in the database .
touch the touch touch .
constructs a catalog entry .
adds a message to the queue .
push the stack to the top of the stack.
logs the hierarchy of the given class loader.
adds a gossip member .
returns a collection of all available files .
returns true if the case is case sensitive .
returns true if the specified node is a namespace .
returns a hash code for this object .
creates a new instance .
returns true if this vector is equal to another .
this method is used to convert the color to color.
perform the default action .
start the traversal .
the end of an element .
cancel all data .
returns the value corresponding to the specified attribute .
return the value corresponding to the key in the map.
decodes the given base58 string .
creates a new subpattern .
delete the allocated node .
returns true if the given annotatedtype is no annotated with the given annotated
format a string to a valid format.
gets logger for the given class .
receive a single byte from the server.
creates a new constraint for the given resource .
returns true if the given imdbc id is valid.
show the recorded video file .
writes a set of coordinates to a string.
determines whether the given exception is an exception or not .
swaps the values of the maximum value.
returns true if the current task should be performed .
creates a job for the cluster .
finds all classes in the specified directory in the classpath .
validate xml string .
read the values of this object .
determines whether the access code is compatible with the given access code .
construct an array with the specified sequence of elements .
creates a new thread manager .
restores the default value for this object .
computes the offset for a segment .
returns the element at the specified location .
creates a query string from the json object .
returns the octet of the given attribute data .
formats a double value to a given number .
flush the underlying stream .
returns true if the string is a valid length .
returns the correct bounds for the given rectangle .
adds a clear graph button .
returns the canonical distance between two strings .
creates the file in the given number of files .
determine if the expression is an attack character .
unmoves all line separators .
add a ping notification to the list of notifications .
creates nfs datastore .
check the size of the array and increase if needed.
constructs an album with the given uri .
checks that the given name is a valid internal name .
initialize task queue tasks .
unquote the given name .
returns true if the player has the specified name .
redoes the last operation on the given editor .
report a join operation.
this method is used to convert the protein content to a file .
test for verifies that the casts the first argument is correct .
this method will be used to write pk to the stream.
start a new thread .
returns the first element that matches the given name .
creates a star regular expression .
removes the specified element from the list .
this method cannot be called directly .
prints a formatted string with the specified format string and arguments .
transforms the specified xml source to the destination.
tests comparison of attributes .
adds a suffix to the output .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
closes the selected channel .
subtract two numbers.
sets the requested attributes .
shows a dialog with a command line .
returns the number of elements in the queue .
reads the contents of the given inputstream .
construct a stream from a publisher .
creates a new protobuf connection .
the real guts of the response.
returns a notification with the given id .
create a new green gradient .
writes a histogram of the distribution with the given parameters .
take a stage of a stage of a stage of a stage of a stage .
add a character to a number.
clips the given string if it is a valid string .
removes an element from the list .
adds a slide to the slide.
wraps the given string to the given output width and height .
creates a vertex array with the given coordinates .
publish / send a message to the client .
deletes the given directory .
performs an inverse of the image of the given image .
moves file to destination directory.
loads the tungstenproperties from a properties file .
close given inputstream .
clears the scan files .
executes and runs the given process.
below method will be used to start file merge.
gives notification that the document has been inserted .
creates a new datetimeexception with the specified data .
determines whether or not the components of the given component is parallel ( i.
reads an object from the given class .
subtract two positive numbers of the same length.
creates a new plaintext component with the given integer .
returns true if the given calendar is a day of month .
creates and starts a new port .
pretty printing accumulator function .
convert a yuv image to a bitmap.
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation.
returns true if the feature has the given feature .
assigns the port to the given list of ports.
returns the next event .
appends the string representation of this point to the given stringbuffer .
update the combo box with a new track .
instantiates a new refactor .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
open the edit editor .
adds a resource to the file system.
determines if the given string is numeric .
base64 encodes the given string using the specified encoding .
atomically adds the given value to the current value .
returns the current time in milliseconds .
appends the given value to the list .
creates properties from the given url .
calculate weight for the given plan.
returns true if the extension of the given filename is in the specified extension.
searches for the current setting.
creates a new zookeeper .
calculates the logarithm of the argument .
returns the x and y values of this vector3 to the given value .
receive a dtp packet from the server .
converts a temperature value to a float.
sets the name and mapper .
java . util . array # fill ( int , int , int , int , int ,
inserts all of the elements in the specified collection .
returns a string representation of this converter .
get the resource name for the table .
updates the combo box selection .
returns the tip text for this property.
returns a string with the specified values .
returns the class for the given attribute .
flushes this printer .
requests a group of data group.
serializes cookie object into string.
skips the given number of bytes .
resets the frame.
subtract two numbers of different scales.
adds a callback to the prototype .
creates a new all - connected panel .
returns true if the function is available .
allocates the section list .
returns true if the soft - time has expired .
returns a random number of bytes .
constructs the weight distribution for the attribute .
removes the extension from the file .
delete the attribute value .
normalizes the given range .
returns true if the uri represents a socket scheme .
adds the given leaf nodes to the tree .
assigns old blocks listeners to the old range .
hex - encode a byte array.
clamp the original size and height of the original image to the given size .
creates a new tcp packet.
returns a string representation of the field .
base64 encode a byte array .
draws a face using the given transform.
adds a observer to the file system .
calculates the logarithm of x - value p .
sets the number to the next bigdecimal .
creates a new instance of the specified class .
add an entity to this action .
creates a polygon object .
reads the json object at the specified index .
waits for a given element to be notified by the specified name .
assert that this testsubscriber received successfully .
returns true if the video url is a video id .
returns true if the task was cancelled .
push subcontext to the stack .
updates the downloaded file with the old directory .
dump the options of the command line.
parses the given resource .
creates states for each glyphs in the sequence of characters that are starting at the start
remove a container from the list of containers.
constructs a new density function .
clone an object that is serializable .
returns true if this point has a three - points .
creates a new zip entry .
test verifies that the statement will be done.
read a dictionary from a dictionary file.
add a value to the vertex .
creates a new row from the given viewcount .
returns an immutable set of files in this set .
determine if mac is mac.
determine if the given class is assignable .
combines a message into a single string .
prints an integer to the stream .
returns the confidencemap for each item set .
returns true if the given string is all of the alpha values .
converts a hexadecimal character to an integer .
load the library with the given name.
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
save a key store with the specified type .
adds a filter to this query.
send a debug log message .
update the statistics for the next time .
test that the ctor .
returns a string representation of this object .
split a trace point .
flip all bits in the given array.
constructs a new source request .
adds the given list of users to the configuration .
drain the buffers from the pool and waits for the buffer .
copy file to destination file.
decode properties into string.
generates the rss namespace for the rdf content .
tests comparison of different elements .
deletes a directory recursively .
create a timestamp from a string .
determines whether the given string is a new chunk at the beginning of the given string
clears the list of values .
read characters from a string .
converts a string to a byte array .
play file with given name.
this method is called when the user wants to be shut down .
returns a new estimate for the intervals .
searches the specified collection for the specified comparator .
check if the given file exists in the given file.
add a key name to the list of values that should be included in the table .
update the vertex with the given border.
converts an int value .
splits a string into a list of strings .
draws the given plot .
adds a hole to this polygon .
register all components in the gui .
initializes the fragment for this fragment .
skip a number of bytes .
generates a 64 - bit hash for the given public key .
creates a new create - xxx sub - command .
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog .
reads a line from an xml element .
instantiates a new model model .
returns true if fieldreference is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
maps the source and mapper.
creates a new instance of the given extensions .
compute the native storage metrics for the given network .
see the general contract of the readshort method of datainput.
create a job to copy a partition .
the main method of the class .
finds orders and orders their orders .
check if file exists.
returns a new stage that matches the given matrix.
calculates the standard deviation of tcf.
run the bootstrap .
validate the index header .
returns a byte array containing the contents of this entry .
save a buffer with the given name.
schedule storage for local storage.
returns a list of absolute path relative to the given directory .
returns true if the given module name is a file specifier .
inserts the required values of the pool into the expected pool.
transfers the destination file to destination.
get the position at the given level.
attempts to read from the buffer .
adds a numeric number to the train .
parses the group information from a json file .
handle the drag request .
returns true if the specified character is a valid identifier .
adds the given header line .
loads an address from a given string .
encodes a string using utf - 8 .
converts a request url into a url .
the start of an element .
guess the type of the file.
advances all the terms of the common terms .
returns true for a public modifier .
this method is called when the wallet is granted or not.
creates a transferable for the specified locale .
put the specified length in the stream .
add a generic font family .
this is used to write a reference to an attribute.
parses a data structure from a stream .
returns true if there is no individuals .
returns a formatted formatter .
returns a dotted class name for the class name .
creates new dsubjectkeyidentifier dialog .
play the next video.
reflectively invokes the given method name and returns it .
adds nodes to the list .
returns the rotate stream for the given path .
if there are no more than one in the history should be removed from the history .
this method parses the styled attributes .
creates a new logmessage with the given message .
translate an action string into an action.
returns true if the adapter should be loaded .
returns true if the argument is a boolean value .
utility method to parse a boolean value .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end -
returns a formatted formatter for the specified time .
initialize the source code map .
returns a copy of the matrix .
returns an empty set of duplicate error codes .
returns true if the object is visited by the given field .
removes a download from the download list .
adds a shard query to the shard query .
returns the hash code as a string .
create a new snapshot .
creates a new log file .
merges old properties with new properties.
deletes the preferred language of the user.
called when a mediaplayer has been prepared.
parses the parameter value .
skips the given number of characters .
forward all players in a radius of radius.
creates a new instance of eccdid.
add a header to the given message.
returns a string representation of this object .
recreates workspace table .
executes a single parameterized query .
closes all open tags .
report an entity reference .
adds the last node to the list .
draws the given divider.
constructs a form specification .
decodes a list of integers into a list .
writes a little - endian int .
writes an double field value .
calculate the next game level for the given quest level .
validates old properties for old properties.
deletes a trait from an entity.
adds all tables to the table .
writes a template with the given file .
sets up the loading of the loader .
returns the index of the given item .
adds an attribute to the list of parameters .
executes tasks on the graph .
runs the full import request .
retrieves a user id from an id.
starts the consumer loop .
generate code for code operations.
returns true if the current state of the given cell is moving the current state .
write type list of types .
load configuration from resource name .
close given inputstream .
creates a transaction that represents the transaction manager .
skips the next character in the stream .
converts the package name into the package .
returns true if this map contains the specified key .
returns true if the fragment is valid .
increases the capacity of this map .
saves the pois from the given pois .
creates a new colour element .
checks to see if the given tag has been seen by the given tag.
this method is called when an operand has changed .
adds a header to the internal header .
helper method to check if the given buffer is duplicate .
returns true if the view is hidden .
delete a file or directory .
returns true if the menu bar is a border bar .
constructs a new node .
creates a priority queue for a word .
invokes the closure for each object in the given stream .
exit with system ' s status.
returns the distance between two points.
processes the challenge message .
calculate the biginteger for a positive q2 with the given value .
add cost to pricel.
adds a undo event to the undo queue .
establish the cache if there is a valid cache .
appends the given text to the buffer.
validate a password using a password.
returns a list of snapshots in the repository .
adds the given certificate to this certificate .
multiply two positive numbers of the same length.
clean static method.
paints the background of the tab .
builds an automaton for the given term hash .
returns the range of values for the specified series .
shuts down the server .
returns the number of running threads .
assigns a role to this user.
creates a default threadpool with default threadpools .
writes the initial style of the initial style .
formats the given parameters into a string .
test where each operation locks only a single resource and there is only one resource to be locked
performs next pending operation .
stops the listening thread .
loads the xml document from a resource file .
java . math . bigdecimal # divide ( java.
removes an annotation at the given index .
replaces the character with the specified string .
touch the given file .
wrap a mock callback .
determines whether the cell should be selected .
add two positive numbers of the same length.
add a classnode to the class node .
format a message with the given format.
parses the string representation of the upper case .
remove the entry from the queue .
creates a new zip file .
returns true if the playlist name is valid or not .
imports the xml file .
logs a log entry for a row .
a method to construct a default digest algorithm type .
creates a sampled subset of vertices .
creates a new graph manager object .
move all the elements of the subclasses to the target subclasses .
perform a list of positions.
creates all the elements of the file .
a method to be called when a text node is deleted .
initializes the application environment .
creates a new producer .
creates a layout for the given tab .
returns true if the given function is assignable .
load org data object.
close the disk cache.
creates a map of exportmasks for the exportmask.
closes the underlying socket .
returns the largest two doubles .
consumes the process output stream and reads the process from the process .
adds a command line argument .
returns the node with the given key .
draws the axis on the screen.
this method will read the contents of a list of urls.
creates a random color .
parses a category string from the given category .
this method is used to convert the given descriptor to the named method descriptor .
creates a vector from a text file .
aborts the executor.
adds a csp listener .
writes wrapped message to given stream .
removes all the elements at the specified index .
asserts that the resultset is nullable.
computes the bounding box of this contour.
adds a timeline to the timeline .
check if the database should be stored in the database .
called when the component is clicked .
returns a copy of the specified array with the specified capacity .
sends a cluster event to the cluster .
updates the key and values of the given key .
load extensions from the given extension .
deletes all existing existing builder.
set the limit to the query .
check if file exists.
skips the number of characters .
this method is called by the javadoc.
convert file name to file name.
copies the given url to the given file .
updates the delta based on delta x - y axis.
creates a new authentication configuration object .
trims a string at the end of the given text .
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster.
send remaining bytes in buffer .
sends an event to the server.
searches for the folder in the folder .
determines whether or not the given string is equal to lowercase .
execute command line arguments.
populates the blob with the given blob content .
remove a local file for the given local path .
makes the object immutable .
appending the null clause .
clears the hash map .
update the favorite station ' s station.
appends all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this list , in
save the analysis analysis.
returns an iterator over all dependencies .
parses an integer value .
constructs a bufferedheader with the given buffer .
converts a date to a string.
perform an asynchronous request .
checks the server response code .
add a new resource source.
commits changes to the incoming state .
connects a p_point to the nearest p_point.
handles the generic motion event.
add an object to this class.
shows an element with the given name.
constructs a fd curve with the given curve .
serialize an xml document to a string.
returns the area of the triangle.
verifies that the store is serializable .
casts a list to array object.
searches the specified collection for the specified collection .
send a heartbeat to the server .
tostring returns the string representation of the queue .
finds and returns a search for the club object.
construct a pdficon from a byte array.
converts an array of strings into an array of addresses .
show profile with given pilot id.
instantiates a new smooth movement .
updates price list based on price list.
returns true if the moduledescriptor contains the given moduledescriptor .
clearbit ( int n ) inside a positive number.
deserialize funnel steps from object .
appends a parameter descriptor to the given type .
adds a catch clause .
stream a byte array to the given http response .
unlocks the given key.
returns a list of orders starting at the given index .
ensures that the schema is valid .
clears the stack .
create a new tilestore .
returns true if the block has been written to the oldest block .
description of the method.
returns true if the url is a jar file.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one .
applysetsettimestamp adds to the batchtimestamp .
creates a new instance of accessor .
adds the elapsed time to the timer .
adds a new row to the current row.
decodes the given string using the utf - 8 encoding .
unwraps the native stack frame .
scans the path for the given path .
returns true if mime type is mime type.
creates new fxfactory .
returns the size of the bitmap for the given value .
returns the absolute values of this matrix .
removes the attribute value .
snap the camera to the given camera.
parses an exception from an exception .
rotates the given image by the given image.
this method is called when the first column is calculated for each column.
display calendar item in calendar.
creates a line string from the given coordinates .
trims an array to a target size .
closes this manager .
returns true if this object can accept a connection with the given name.
subtract a number of flakes from the list of flakes.
process an array of bytes .
returns true if the service name is required for the resource name .
the main entry point .
formats a v - value pair .
constructs an instance from a certificate structure .
open a jar file .
removes all emails from this user.
javax . net . ssl . sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer
constructs a new pkcs # password object .
determine if a character is a letter .
recursively call this method .
creates a link for a link .
determines whether the given token is an open token.
destroys the stack .
creates a uri from a file .
process the media request.
perform a binary search for the specified object using the specified comparator .
flushes the stream .
returns the total state for the given state .
removes an entry from the map .
creates a hash cache for the given algorithm .
marshall the given enum value to the given output stream .
set up the events .
returns true if the file type is a file for the specified file type .
this function computes the window of an nafaf function for the given integer .
maps a collection name to a collection.
fills a vector with random values in the range [ 0 , 1 ).
returns a hash code for this object .
this method is called when a scan is stopped.
compares two names for equality .
draws the range markers .
decrypts the encrypted data with the given password .
creates a new vpfactory object .
returns true if the connection has been closed .
returns a new hue color with the given values .
shuts down the executor .
returns true if the queue is empty .
change the directory at the given path .
removes the quoted column name from the database .
returns true if the scroll mode is scrolled.
refills the input buffer .
searches for a query and returns the result .
writes the end of the list .
return a list of elements that are in the given element .
generate a seed using random number of random bytes .
returns the tip text for this property.
retrieves a list of job instances for the given job .
returns a binary representation of the quorum .
open the input stream .
adds a listener that is notified about caret care of events .
returns an instance of this class .
is bigdecimal ?.
encodes a byte array into a string .
tests the comparison of an int .
extract the id from the uri.
mark the in use in a block .
constructs a new matrix from the given matrix .
read string from n bytes.
shifts an array of integers in the right hand.
distinct aggregate function which update the distinct set.
removes a legion member at the given position .
prints the buffer to the stream .
returns true if the body of the body contains the body.
removes all of the characters in the specified string .
deletes the last available connection.
perform a binary search for the given element .
returns a new schedule that is removed from the schedule .
returns true if the label matches the test object .
returns a text representation of the patch .
closes the current context .
validate the sort size .
called to finish the painting.
deletes the panel .
perform an asynchronous average operation.
returns the next string in the stream .
creates a new xml dom document .
returns a string representation of this tunnel .
creates a macro from a file .
deletes the es database .
adds the specified part to the index .
terminates the fsync service .
finds the nearest location in the board .
computes the minimum image size for the target image size .
creates the main pane of the main component .
returns a new decoded chain .
checks to see if the user has been set .
creates a new filesystem instance .
creates an xml element with the given attributes .
returns a string from the given input stream .
extracts the remote name for the remote branch.
encrypts the given outputstream with the given password .
pads the given string at the given length .
reloads the swipe state in the view state .
reset the iv to its original value .
multiplies the given matrix with the given values .
shuts down the datetime factory .
convert an ip address to a string .
creates a new action object .
converts a hex string to a byte array.
write a string to the buffer .
creates a new permission collection .
merge two zones.
prints a message to standard output and then terminates the line .
reads a byte array from the given inputstream and returns it as a string .
calculates the sum of associations for all documents .
construct a geodecodecode from a list of keys .
tries to patch the qname for the given name .
creates a string from an array of tags.
creates a new xml element .
resets the cluster information.
rotate the vector in radians .
handle the mqtt connection.
returns the header of the given name .
parses sparse fields from a query string .
sign part of an xml document .
called when the tab is changed .
adds a scan for the given url .
adds a new interval to the timeline .
reset the initial state .
reloads the current page .
returns true if the field is static .
the number of outstanding requests .
return a string representation of a byte array .
initializes the component ' s component.
fills the right position in the list.
removes the specified value .
verifies that the cache is cleared.
merges two signature arrays.
returns a hashcode for this object .
creates new exception given throwable as a nested cause and source of error message .
marks the object in the transaction .
add an option to the command line.
pause for the client .
this method gets called when the mapbean is changed .
add a frame to the animation.
scans the given class .
returns the next cdata block .
updates the skilink based on the block .
expands the given rectangle with the given amount .
copy a string from a given string .
returns a string representation of this object .
returns true if the configuration is initialized .
removes a shutdown hook .
calculates the transition between two points.
returns a string representation of the object .
checks camera size of camera size.
appends string to buffer .
encodes a plain text into a plain string .
returns the lookup table .
returns the sum of the values in this interval .
returns true if the given charsequence is a word boundary .
executes the given primary asynchronously .
write a portion of an array of characters .
creates the table with the given data .
returns a string representation of this type .
add a line to the end of the path .
checks basic missing scheme.
disables all buttons in the server .
load artifact from file .
attempts to acquire and acquire the lock if necessary .
determines if the header ends with a header .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
instantiates a new transitaction .
creates new dsubjectkeypair dialog .
adds a point at the end of the polygon .
returns true if the given class name is a cglib proxy class .
verify that the given token is received .
generate report for the given report.
updates the recharge text view .
gets cache map for local transaction .
stops the listening thread .
decrypt the data with a private key .
derives an argb value based on the color between two colors .
adds a new bound to the board.
creates an attack strategy .
creates a default threadpool with default values .
writes a chunk of data for a given location .
returns the event associated with this event .
initialize the custom checker .
loads the properties file .
prints the key - value pairs to the stream .
converts a string to a date object.
returns the md5 hash of the given file .
initialise the set of values .
returns true if there is another record .
reduces the size of the list to the target size .
start a new scope .
returns an ascii string ascii string.
clears the cache .
converts a nodelist to a set of nodes .
runs the given task .
creates a list of containers in the container .
adds the port to the list of storage ports.
removes the attribute set .
associates the specified value with the specified key .
remove a model change listener.
fire a change listener.
creates the name of the connection .
discovers the given host id.
try to read a number of bytes from the input stream .
draws the directed connections .
adds a new node to the list of open nodes for the next node .
converts a java file object to a java file .
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height , and
creates a random bipartite bipartite graph .
execute the given command .
updates the progress in the current thread .
creates a new context .
returns true if this builder starts with the specified prefix .
returns the jsp context .
creates a new temporary directory .
returns a string representation of the given partitions .
determines whether the specified category is a category of category or not .
input an instance for filtering.
returns the list of columns in the database.
adds a resource to the project .
signal the semaphore .
tests another object for equality with another object .
returns true if the quorum is in the quorum .
sets the next alarm .
request that the stop is stopped .
create a new sslengine .
returns the first array of the given arrays , or null if any array is null or
splits the query into the given url .
this method will forward the best service for the best purchase form .
registers a transaction to be started .
adds a job to this job .
reset the given string .
adds a constant constant .
adds the chart data set.
returns the value of the info gain .
cancel a property constant .
deserializes a type serialized object .
divide the number of one number by one digit.
show the selected neuron .
encrypts data with given length .
returns true if any of the children of the given class has changed.
this class cannot be instantiated .
removes special characters from the given string .
creates a new run script action .
convert a url to a web image.
merge an installment of the latest installment.
check if email address is valid.
adds a directeded edge to the list of directededges .
parses the given file .
creates a new connectionentry for the given channel .
returns a report of the contents of the usage table .
adds a subscription to the topic store.
zip a file into a zip file.
generates a hashmap for the expanded state .
register a audio packet broadcaster .
creates a new instance of this class .
create a new java environment .
adds a callback to the callback.
remove all blocks from this block.
writes string to file .
determines whether the given node is an instruction or not .
called by the picker for updating the header display .
returns a list of polygon near polygon intersects.
add an action to the list .
this method is used to load the data from the input stream.
searches for the class with the given name .
signals the given view .
creates a replication group .
returns the scaledtimemaptimestamp based on the given timestamps .
returns a string representation of the point index in a string representation .
report an error .
adds a head pattern to the head pattern.
instantiates a new union path iterator .
attempt to read a record in the database .
throws an error message .
checks to see if the next item is available .
adds an x509certificate to this user.
builds the key selection .
given a map of registered nodes , return a map that contains a map with the given name
stores the given master to disk .
runs the test case .
adjusts the elements in the given array to the given value .
removes the processor at the specified index .
make a suffix chain .
returns an instance that corresponds to a given string.
notify listeners that a task has been started .
throws an exception if this method is destroyed .
uploads artifact to the specified file .
escapes bytes in a string .
converts an array of values to a type.
adds the standard header to the xml element .
skips whitespace from the given string .
updates the circle based on the distance .
returns a new assignment .
read a certificate from an inputstream .
instantiates a new task .
associate the given value with the given key .
renames the table .
this method is called when a read - read - in read - read - in read -
adds the specified object to this buffer , replacing the specified object with the specified value.
applies the layout to the layout .
returns the number of digits that are running .
returns the height of the layer in pixels .
finds a static method that is accessible from the given class .
helper http function to get service cards.
adds a phonenumber to the list of phonenumber.
returns a plus - digit string with the given digits and plus the digit .
compares two methods.
returns the markersegment for the given tag .
opens an input stream .
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array
perform an asynchronous message .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end -
checks that the scheme is valid .
create a privatekeyusageextension from a der encoded string .
generates yearly periods for the given period ' s year .
returns a key instance with the given password .
this method gets called when the configuration is changed .
parses a json response from a json object .
loads version information from the version .
find a query by user .
adds a new footer to the adapter.
adds a sequence to the queue .
returns true if the session is readonly or not.
asynchronously consume a publisher .
sets the expression to the parent node .
returns true if this registration has been registered .
add a constant to the scale.
print a message to system.
asserts that two timestamps are equal than the timestamps are equal.
instantiates a new spider parser .
flush data to disk .
add a hop number to the queue .
returns true if the queue is empty .
ensure that an object is just a primitive .
read entries from the table.
returns the number of hosts in a given network .
adds certificates to cstore .
process the blob descriptor .
called when a namespace is encountered .
prints the stack trace of this exception to the given root .
converts the given data flavor into an array .
test for correct error handling with an empty icon .
this method is used to convert the attribute value to a string representation.
get next message id .
populate fields with current values .
this method is called to check if the given endpoint is set to the security info .
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other
converts a list of byte array into a list of strings .
adds an index to the table .
sets the keystore password .
creates an instance of zookeeper .
constructs a custom shortcut for the given string .
deletes the smallest node in the subtree .
reset all counters to 0.
writes the given file .
converts from target class to target classes .
updates the location for a new location .
compares two string values.
bind a value to the given property.
remove a column from the table .
write the log data to the log file .
closes the connection .
constructs a decoder editor from a bayes model .
removes the projection listener .
returns true if the argument is a valid string .
generate a granularity instance .
constructs a new worditerator that uses the default locale .
closes all entries .
push a local file to the remote destination.
processes the given item in the given category .
resize the cache to the given size .
split a string into a byte array .
pretty printing accumulator function .
initialize the class loader from the given directory .
removes the specified bandwidth field .
exit to program exit.
get current time in milliseconds.
collapses all new lines with newlines .
returns the javadoc .
extract all properties from the given properties .
removes the last row .
ensures that the given component name is visible .
ends the current representation of the export protections.
creates a new instance .
splits the given string into two delimiter .
creates a new instance of this class .
this method is used to convert the json data from the response stream.
computes the string for a double.
removes the specified propertychangelistener from this object .
load the values from an xml node .
calculates the hash code for a signature .
adds a group group name .
read a string from the stream .
clears all temporary files from the temporary directory.
decompress the thumbnail image.
test the runnable task .
shrinks this area to the given area .
validates a jquery using a jquery .
create and return the absolute stats.
serialize a classifier .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
returns true if the field tag is part of the tag .
arranges the container with a fixed width and height .
executes the given method .
returns the index within the specified string .
increments the counter by the given value .
sends the given packet to the client .
handle a key typed event.
fills a map with a map of class names .
verifies that the object is valid .
creates a program with the given array of bytes .
deletes the instance at the specified indices .
add an object to the list of listeners.
fill c2 c2 with c2 c2 . c2 . c2 . c
returns true if the given base date is between the given base date and base date and
adds a listener that will be notified about events .
convert string to array of strings.
transforms a tool tip text into a list of java text entities .
writes the buffer to the underlying stream .
create a new client request .
receives sax events.
appends the given tag to the end of the tag .
returns the extension token for this certificate .
adds collection of top level elements .
executes a sql statement .
write a sequence of bytes.
adds an index entry .
computes the dtd of the dtp nodes.
this method is used to delete the given starttimestamp .
creates event type metadata for the given bean .
re - - reverse - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
returns true if the user ' s credentials can be used to access to the ssh client
adds a field value .
deletes the storage for the given storage .
perform an asynchronous client operation .
determines if the given attribute is ok to check for the given example.
loads the database from the given input stream .
delete luns from luns.
remove all locators from the given locators.
returns true if the item is selected .
adds an operation to the panel .
sets the keystore with the given name .
decrements the count of the worker count .
creates a new http connection to the given list of requests .
constructs a new tcp socket .
tests fix for bug # 93 - - - - - > bug # - - - -
amount of time that has been started .
creates a new program rewrite .
creates the settings menu .
writes a string to the given stream .
returns true if the name is a valid java name .
creates the node with the specified node .
scan the packages .
gets the process from the given process .
deletes the string wherever it occurs in the builder .
returns a class for the given parameters .
trims all the gazetteers from the gazetteer .
returns true if the prompt contains the user account .
sorts the given indices in an array using the specified indices.
flip the given image by the given image.
returns true if the audit is currently running .
returns true if the terms request is a term request.
read segments from the table .
this method returns a time period that is within the given window .
updates the minimum and max values for the given length .
deserialize a struct from an xml structure.
initializes the command line options .
concatenates two byte arrays.
constructs an object from the given file .
creates a new extended configuration object .
this method writes properties to the database.
computes the maximum value of the maximum y value.
adds a listener that will be cleared when focus is cleared .
adds an item listener.
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
creates a mosaic levy .
returns the rank of the given value .
creates a non - negative predicate .
add vertical margin to margin.
converts hex string to byte array.
send a message to the given buffer .
fetches the schema for the schema.
appends the given data string to the given array .
returns a real array of this type .
returns a list of partitions for the given job .
checks to see if the sequence number is available .
draws a line perpendicular to the given length.
performs some processing on the given item .
pushes an element onto the stack .
returns the cardinality of the specified index .
creates a cookie header .
cast a object to a long object ( reference type ).
finish the grid row .
verify that the state of the object is changed .
shut down the connection .
updates the number of received ping .
returns an integer literal from the given object literal .
reset the view area .
verify that the transfer rate is valid for the expected transfer rate .
adds an x509certificate to this object .
returns an iterator over the children of this node .
create a new folder.
calculates the y - value for the given matrix .
performs the comparison test .
tests fix for bug # 63 - 1.
returns a string representation of the given object .
returns true if the given annotation type is retained by the retention group .
message processing test.
add a classpath to the jar path .
loads directories in the directory.
creates an individuumividuum .
finds all classes in the given uri .
returns true if the given string is slic.
shuffle an item in the inventory .
formats a double value .
converts the given string to lower case .
runs the given list of steps .
registers a transform uri .
called when this coroutine has been processed.
shrinks the character to the given string .
creates a new and with the given conditions .
discards data from the front of the rolling buffer .
creates a new hopidimpl .
update the game controls .
writes an integer to the given stream .
this method is called when the loconet window is selected.
adds the values to the batch .
returns true if the system name is in the list of strings .
returns true if the given object class matches the given object class.
writes an integer field value .
returns the factorial of factorial .
this method will be called if the server is successful .
atomically adds the given value to the current value of the field .
close the given closeable .
append a byte array to the file .
notify the listeners that the object has changed .
convert an ip address to an int value.
open the server with the given password .
unpack compressed string .
adds the entry to the map if it is not already present .
returns the common prefix of two strings.
clears the input layer .
starts the monitor thread .
get the next video frame.
scale an image with the specified factor .
verifies that the class name is valid .
converts the given string to lowercase .
removes the first element from the queue .
instantiates a new movie set action .
create the rmi registry for the specified port .
poll the statistics file .
resets the internal state .
add whitespace to the buffer .
handles duplicate request handler request .
returns true if the given amount is expired .
emit the given instruction .
returns the special properties for the given properties .
this method is called when a query completes .
retrieves all node identities that have been removed .
change the parameter and return the hastings ratio.
this method is called when the chart progress bar is pressed .
returns an epochday representing the epoch date .
ensures that all keys are empty .
returns the node with the specified hash .
adds a language to the list of languages.
returns the index of the given key in the given range in the given array .
adds a user to the database.
block b2 with two keys .
registers a host event .
schedule the flow of the given flow.
creates a jar file with the given name .
appends a new cell to the current row .
expect a server proxy failure .
removes the given parameter with the given key .
recalculate the statistics for the given attribute .
returns true if this node has no children .
inserts a column at the specified index.
returns the index of the first character in the string .
calculates the number of symbols that are in the production of the operators.
loads a script with the given name .
invokes the compiled class.
computes the chi - cumulative probability of the given values .
adds external client data to external storage .
deletes a file.
adds a volume object to the export group.
this method is called by the binary sampling .
remove a db token from the database .
adjusts min / cols preferences based on columns and columns size .
parses the given file .
this method escapes the sequence of unicode characters that are equivalent to the given sequence.
returns the network parameters associated with the given id .
add crl certificates to the crl .
stores body data into the given stream .
returns the angle between two points.
appends whitespace to the given writer .
removes the given resourceindex from the map .
serialize and return the bytes.
generates the last 5 years where the last year is the last day of the given year
returns a set of vertices that match the pattern .
this method is used to reset the readcount of the unreadcount of the unread
adds a category to the list of categories .
callstaticmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns an object.
tries to send all other messages to all connected hosts.
creates a new hex color .
create a new movie from a list.
cache a client id .
returns the node at the given index .
returns a public modifier for this member .
retrieves the image from the given image.
this method is responsible for updating the id.
creates a cell id for a given cell.
updates the actions of the dialog .
close the underlying stream .
truncate a long number to a long number.
returns true if the given comparison is in milliseconds .
returns a histogram of the histogram .
creates a week with the given title.
appends the given path to the default path .
returns the index of the first substring of the given string .
submit ( null ) throws nullpointerexception.
read a 16 bit value.
adds a pre - directive .
formats a given date in the format .
clears the accumulated statistics .
filter out the given element with the given key .
adds an attribute value .
copies inputstream to output stream.
prints a member of the given type.
initialize basic row variables .
this method cannot be called directly .
returns a free space for the given path .
attach a header to the given headers .
returns the phonetic of the given text .
stop the exit code .
creates a new state that is in the state .
returns the hash code of the given object.
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one.
asserts that the value of the pivot field matches the given value .
returns a string representation of this object .
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer.
recursively visit the given directory .
highlights the hashtable with the given hashtable .
process an array of bytes .
add a command topic .
throws an exception if the given argument is null .
executes an http download.
test against the ( byte [ ] b ) method testing.
flip an image by the given image.
creates a new filterfactory.
execute the callable code .
returns a string that is the beginning of the given string.
returns a hash code for this policy object .
creates new unixterminalsystem with the default character encoding .
returns true if the cellindex should be editable .
checks if the stream has been processed.
adds a new package to the list of priority packages.
actionlistener interface method .
verifies the given certificate using the given crl .
expands the input string .
constructs an instance with the specified encodings .
returns whether or not the directed edge labels should be shown .
creates the response code .
creates the default inverse cumulative probability test input values .
appends the string representation of the boolean argument to this string buffer.
deletes the server instance .
sort the values in the right range , i.
report a fatal error .
adds a new terminal to the list .
creates a new zookeeper.
stops the recording.
writes the tag of the given tag .
returns a hash code value for this object .
generates a type variable for the type variable .
iterates from this number down to the given number , inclusive , decrementing by one
adds a selectelement to this select .
remove listener for pv changes.
returns true if the geo curve is a standard curve .
create new progress bar .
creates a repository expression .
closes the underlying stream .
adds a section to the list of sections .
loads genome relationships from a reader .
parses the version of the given version string .
computes the type for the data set .
returns true if the given tolerance is equal to or not .
loads a map from javascript file .
splits a line into a string .
creates a list of volume data with the given name .
helper method to convert a hashmap to an object.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
returns true if the block blocks is removed from startblock.
this method is called when the user has finished with the password .
splits the specified page by size .
validate an authentication scheme set .
extract the uid from a uid string.
reads the next line .
decodes a base64 string .
creates a green paint for the given color .
returns a list of numbers that match the given pattern.
creates a new node in the graph .
asserts that the delivery states are equal than the expected delivery.
create a set of modules that match the given modules .
writes a bitmap to a file.
parses the sentence and returns the sentence .
replaces the child with the given element .
gets the hash code for the specified multi - key .
flush the underlying stream .
add entry info to the entry list .
updates the slide based on the current slide .
flush the output stream .
construct a video stream from a given string.
compares this string to the specified string .
flush the underlying stream .
start the servers.
evaluates the pagination of the specified entity .
constructs a runtime collector .
perform an ocprovider object for the given service.
creates new instance comparator .
updates a series with the specified values .
writes an float field value .
decodes the given byte array .
return a path for a scroll button .
removes all adapter from the adapter.
returns true if the given string is valid.
convert an error message to a file.
returns the trigonometric cosine of the number .
adds a notification item to the dialog .
returns true if the attributes has been modified .
returns the ignore descriptor for the given method .
returns a random sample of the given number .
draws the message size .
extracts arguments from a signature .
create a new sslengine .
dispatches events from the event queue .
reset the current state .
define an instance of the nodetype.
writes long value to the specified position .
deletes the replication set .
move the next frame .
like datainputstream . readlong except little endian .
test for getmetadata ( ).
determine the log of the given log information .
creates a response header .
returns a printable representation of the message .
this method is used to resolve a parameter with the given arguments .
returns true if the name is a valid xml character .
determines whether the specified character is a valid identifier .
returns a hash code for this instance .
instantiates a new command handler .
tells whether a given type is a float.
invoked when component has been resized .
constructs a new argument .
removes the entry at the specified index .
removes the given model .
creates a map from the given file .
computes the hll - ld - value for the given long value .
this method is called when the current scroll is necessary .
verifies that the same instance is correctly consistent with the same instance.
adds a match to the map .
reset the tree tree .
asserts that the given message throws an exception .
returns whether or not this relation has no nodes .
asserts that the given boolean value is correct .
creates a new tagmap converter .
initializes the debug table .
attempts to attempt a retry request .
returns a list of files in the given file .
add directory to directory.
returns the node that is less than most node in the range .
adds an amk repo to the amr repository .
this method is called when the key is pressed.
returns true if the given string is hierachy.
paint a portion of a view .
receives a char and stores it into the pipedreader.
converts a buffer into a bytebuffer .
writes a single byte .
process the local file system directory.
generate the screen status for the screen.
reset the start time .
parses an int value .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
adds x509author ( x509certrequests ) method testing.
adds a transformation transformation to the tag transformation .
returns true if the file has been modified .
return the next string in the stream .
read the movie tags from the file.
computes the result of the kernel evaluation on the given vectors .
checks if table configuration is present in the database .
returns true if the pin is in the sequence of digits.
generates close window for close dialog .
returns the best parse state for the given state .
parses the dom node .
returns the distance between two points.
description of the method.
pads the given string to the given string .
creates a new error result code .
adds the given exception to this set .
start video video.
creates a new resource locator .
determines whether the given exception is an exception or not .
constructs a new instance of projecttype.
adds a notification listener to this mbean .
subtract two positive numbers of the same length.
subscribe to the consumer .
deletes all service attributes in the given service.
javax . net . ssl . dsl . security . dsa algorithm #
returns true if the class node is a public class literal .
loads the log file .
creates a new htmlattributeset .
update the user with the passed id.
computes the likelihood of the given tag .
returns a string representation of this instance .
returns true if the mode is in the system .
test verifies that the byte array with the given offset and length .
inserts the last item in the list .
returns true if the locale has the first language of the first locale .
constructs a docker image from an image name .
adds a set of registered channels to the list of channels .
deletes a directory recursively .
delete all empty folders.
perform an asynchronous sum operation.
write ( int b ) method testing.
parses the xml document .
returns true if the given volume exists in the project .
test for bug # 6358 - 1.
decodes the given string using utf - 8 encoding .
wait for next poll interval .
computes the length of the given text based on the given annotation .
writes an image map .
adds a warning message to the end of the form .
returns a string representation of this object .
returns a list of strings as a list of strings .
returns the minimum of the specified values .
reads bytes from the buffer .
puts a key / value pair into the map.
method to combine an input stackstack and output stack.
determines how many days ago time ago .
determines if the given string is a valid wf16 encoded string .
xor for zero and zero.
run the specified callback on the specified rail .
java . util . util . util . util . util . util . util . cic
add missing values to the dataset .
inserts batches in batches .
removes a listener for this tab .
creates a new instance of connectmanager .
adds a volume to the storage group.
converts a string to an input stream .
has the user chosen to export ?.
generates a publickey instance from a string .
creates a new number tick .
returns true if the cache is stopped .
logs a message with the given message .
returns true for modifier.
creates a preference preference map for the user .
appends a string to the end of the array .
deletes the user info from the database .
log an error message .
removes the given processor from the stack .
returns the animation type for the given view .
append a mapping onto the vector.
returns true if the given method is contained in the given method.
remove a node from the list.
respond to update button.
returns a string representation of the object .
checks if xy - class is present .
computes the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors.
returns the size of the batch size .
decodes a byte array .
clears the cached views and clears the cache .
adds the dataset to the dataset .
the end of an element .
instantiates a new vcc option .
adds a child to the display list .
returns the sum of the path sum of the given matrix .
constructs a timestamp from a string .
creates a new dimportkeypairpkcs8 dialog .
minimizes an automaton from the given automaton .
two items are equal if they are equal.
adds a column to the table .
returns true if nanoseconds are nanoseconds for nanoseconds
fills a string with the given offset .
open the file for writing .
calculates kernel value of vectors x and y .
flush the underlying stream .
method to write a list of files.
marks the internal type descriptor as an internal class .
returns the cosine of this vector .
returns the average error of the given values .
returns the number of prefixes .
appends a character value to the writer .
converts a timestamp to a timestamp.
consumes the named attribute value .
copies the specified byte array to the specified byte array .
import key into the cache.
creates a new tree rooted at the given root root group .
returns true if the given reader contains the given metric .
parses the metadata content of the given content .
removes the given columns .
read the service configuration .
this method refreshes the preferences of the preferences of the active preferences .
adds inherited types to this class .
multiply the histogram by scalar .
add new cache participants to the cache .
serializes a map of string to a json string.
prints the message context to the specified stream .
returns the number of methods in this class .
store request id for request.
saves the specified postid to the post id .
show the update page.
creates an element with the given unit .
converts a list of files to a list of files .
ensures that the rmi manager is not null .
convert currency to currency.
method to handle client connection.
generate the engine id for the given address .
parses a rule .
this method is called to perform a new w / o document.
add an issue issue to the issue .
inserts a child at the given index .
returns the ntlm hash of the specified password .
checks if two integer values are equal.
substitutes macros into a string .
compute the power of the values of each argument .
splits the given class name into upper case .
selects a nodelist for a given string .
constructs a new result entry for the given parameters .
generates xml element for a locator .
creates a basic primitive type .
action to be performed.
applies all the values of the parameter types .
rotates the given tree to the right .
adds a new node to the cluster.
checks to see if the store exists in the backup directory .
turns comma - separated string into a comma - separated string .
write a string without compression.
parses the given thresholds file .
shuts down the executor .
returns a new view representing the given point in view coordinates .
this method is called when the connection is established .
adds the given descriptor .
compiles a progress action .
returns a string containing all float values concatenated by the specified separator .
put an unsigned byte into the specified bytebuffer at the specified position.
returns the number of parameters of the given type .
returns a trie with the given trie .
returns true if the user has permission denied .
returns a string representation of the table name for the filter .
returns a formatter for the given locale .
waits for external storage.
pushes a node onto the top of the stack .
uploads an app to the local file.
read a byte array from a stream.
uninstall the given package .
open a list of audio items.
sets the name of the builder .
tests stepping through a range with a closure .
normalizes the given bigdecimal according to the given number of digits.
deserialize a string from a string .
appends the given parameters to the given url .
send an event to the client .
applies the filter results to the given filter .
indexes a tuple from a tuple .
close outputstream without a exception.
adds the given listener to the list of listeners.
returns true if the attribute container is an empty attribute .
creates a new cache .
opens the file and opens the file .
toggle the selection status of the item.
this method is called when the tick is triggered .
maps the specified char to the given byte value .
perform an event on the given event .
returns the name if it is in or not in the form .
adds an issue matcher to the issue matcher .
searches for the given scope .
registers a key for the given subkey .
removes a propertychangelistener from this object.
returns the next iteration .
instantiates a new deferred imagereplace .
returns true if this name is a compound name .
invokeall ( c ) throws nullpoint.
instantiates a new listener .
sign the given hash using the given hash .
constructs a new time period .
creates a new edit dialog .
removes the given listener from the list of listeners .
updates the current state .
returns true if the file is bom .
returns the signed flag .
parses the given text into a string .
returns the number of parts in this path .
creates a simple simple database .
adds the given file chooser .
called when the service is stopped .
returns the next delimiter .
initiate a list of siacamos.
adds the previous layer in the previous layer .
shiftleft ( int n ) a negative number.
this method calculates the c2 matrix of c2 with the given factor .
returns the index of a non - whitespace character .
read the content of the file.
constructs a primitive type from the given object .
creates a new cash journal entries for the given savings account .
attempts to read from the given file .
clears the calendar with the same time .
returns the probability distribution function .
appends the given integer to the given stringbuffer .
draws the text area with the settings of the list.
test de busqueda active directory.
this method is called when the input key is triggered.
returns a hash code for this position .
removes the leading '.
returns true if the configuration directory exists in the config directory .
method that removes all labels and labels in the array .
rotate the z axis.
converts a date to a nanoseconds .
perform an asynchronous max operation.
creates a new http client .
creates a new array with the given number of type signatures .
prints the line separator .
increases the size of the buffer for the given buffer .
performs an enumeration of the training instance .
returns true if the load has been loaded .
adds the worker to the queue if it is not already running .
removes the node at the tail of the frontier .
creates a bitmap for the given font.
returns true if the given memory pool has been acquired .
returns a simple string representation of the dataset .
execute a callable interpreter .
adds a protocol selector to the protocol selector .
adds a header to the response.
reads a skel file .
returns a sorted set of genomes that are not known .
creates a vao .
returns true if the given file exists .
load image from file.
updates the status of a receipt .
adds an animation to this view.
this method is used to clean up the discovery from the server.
initializes the lexicon .
returns true if the string length is in the given range length .
unregisters the given path with the given path .
add a property to the filter.
removes a column from the table .
helper method to check if the given db object exists in the database.
put string into destination array .
check if the query is expected .
atomically updates the field with the results of applying the given function to the results of applying
called when the window is closed.
determines whether or not the specified chunk should be moved .
converts the throwable arguments to a message .
creates a new rfactory .
adds a label to a list of minutes labels.
recompute the current variables.
handles property change listener.
sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order.
execute a sql update .
draw text using a char sequence .
initialize the log pattern .
adds the given indices to the collection of indices .
returns true if the cookie is secure .
loads the json model from the given json stream .
creates a list of multippepoints and returns a list of pairs that
adds the length of the word length to the word length .
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate2 ( ) . updates row with referencing ones .
makes the exceptional out of the instructions that are in the right - out.
returns a string with the given string .
parse the content of the specified byte array .
this method is not implemented .
adds a new line to the current contour.
parses and returns the output results .
write the start boundary .
adds actual qty to actual qty.
determines whether the given character is a vowel or not .
prints a stacktrace to a printwriter .
read data from the input stream.
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
builds a row of a row of a single row .
adds additional elements to the target list .
adds a new curve at the specified location .
divide : rounding mode is round_up , result is negative.
open the counter file .
creates a new composite predicate .
returns the next word .
append a string to the given stringbuffer .
test if file exists.
builds associations for the given data .
replaces the first occurrence of a substring in a string .
instantiates a new location helper .
adds an object to the class .
returns the first element of the given element with the given name .
main entry point for the javadoc .
returns a hashcode for this string .
tests the functionality of the helper method , which allows to add helper text colors to the correct
normalizes the values of all values in the given array .
writes a message to a file .
returns a hash code for the sample model .
returns a random number between 0 and 0.
writes a data file .
this method is called when the configuration is changed .
retrieves a key from the given key .
returns true if the given name is a valid gm name.
transforms a uri into a string .
deletes the mapping from the specified key to the specified value .
adds the full cover to the given string .
start the processing time .
returns a single row of a single row .
removes all chars from given string .
adds all columns to the database .
copies output stream to output stream.
this method is called when the list of views have changed .
test that an instance of a bigdecimal can be converted to a bigdecimal.
copies components from a component to the specified component.
returns a uniform sum of the sum of normal distribution.
calculates the pending advance balance for the incoming payment.
launches the user profile .
scrolls the given number of items .
determines whether the given symbol sequence is quoted or not .
parses the given file counter .
creates a document from a file .
generates a floating - comment string for a comment .
determine if the given assignment is assigned to the user.
sets the singleton mode .
attempt to match the given file.
assigns the cluster number of children .
close the current path .
instantiates a new tv show episode scrape task .
save the selection table .
creates new form metadata object .
cleans up a task by id.
creates a temporary directory .
moves the latlonpoint to the specified location.
send an event to the track.
handle the header for a column.
creates a fixed number of fixed records .
adds attributes to the list of attributes .
recompute attribute set.
splits a string at the given regular expression .
deletes the given directory .
returns the last index of the node .
appends nal data to an array of nal units.
returns the size of the given directory .
pans the view provided by the given number of absolute values .
verify that the given object is a serialized object .
returns the url of the reference page .
returns the mean of the list of times .
converts a byte array to a hex string .
creates an instance from the given url .
this method is called when the user wants to run when a full full - up - up
converts html entity to html entity .
writes a vector of bytes .
unlock user interface.
builds a map of uri from the given storage system.
encrypts the given string with the given password .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
instantiates the new editor .
returns true if the connection is secure.
sample a record with random values.
returns the tenant ' s tenant name .
forces the internal error of the internal error .
draws the highlight .
returns an instance of the image encoding .
applies the pinch gesture to the end of the pinch window .
parses a file option .
returns true if the line is ac balancing .
increases the capacity of the buffer to ensure that it can hold at least the specified number
returns the base base name for the given method .
close the underlying stream .
acquires lock for the awt .
creates a prepared statement .
removes an entry from the database .
switch to setup the user .
helper method to load the client details from the client object .
adds a field descriptor .
parses no wildcard cards.
returns the environment variables stored in the environment .
the graphical representation of a series .
list the mod log message .
returns true if the class name is valid.
initializes the next minute measurement .
determines if the last scan time has been scheduled for a particular scan .
removes all breakpoints from the list .
replaces an existing instance with the specified definition .
restores the serializable object .
adds an item to the list .
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string .
creates a new cluster server .
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
test that the minimal complestage is completed .
writes the directory at the given path element .
trims an array to the given size.
returns the potion type for the given name .
removes the curlmesh from the cache .
sample a list of nbestbestbest objects .
posts the given runnable to the handler .
returns true if the map is closed .
inserts a comment into the heap .
adds an instruction to the graph .
increases the capacity of the buffer to ensure that it is at least the specified number of
removes the specified name .
creates a document collection from the json object .
adds a weapon to this group .
checks to see if the key exists in the database.
create an omraster , lat / lon placement with an imageicon .
copy input stream to output stream.
writes the pdf header .
parses a string at the end of the given character .
generates code for the given return value .
formats a link into a string.
creates new json object .
tries to find utility classpath in the system.
this method is called when the class is read from the file .
returns a list of directories contained in the given directory .
creates a textual description of the children .
append a string to the given bytebuffer .
removes the given cell from the overlay .
removes the given foreign key .
inserts the string representation of the int argument into this string buffer.
adds a gssungenungenames to the list of gssimerg
normalize a class path by removing all classpath characters from the classpath .
creates an instance of this sequence.
pushes a new value onto the top of the stack .
adds a string to the conversion node .
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate1 ( ) . attempts to update row with referencing ones
asynchronously perform the given history .
validate the vm id .
finishes the underlying write .
this method is used to convert the physical offset to the actual offset .
an internal entity declaration .
checks if the given log is authorized.
returns the next element in the list .
adds the messages to the queue .
specify the function that the function can be applied to the function.
creates a new genericuser principal object .
compares this object to another object .
simulates a roll with a 4 - 1 - 1 - 3 - 3 d - 1
converts a octet of octets into an array of octets .
creates a new panel object .
returns the height of the marker.
consume a consumer from the consumer group .
calculates the distance between two instances .
try to find the chaining of a sub - chain .
creates all indexes for the given trigger.
returns the graph as a string .
resize the cached object.
returns true ifetaddress is inetaddress .
converts a percentile level to a percentage .
extracts the queue name from the database .
use this method to find a symbol for a given type.
returns the angle in the given touch state .
decodes a uint32 from the given byte array .
remove quotes from a string.
generates a label for an item in the dataset .
matches the string against the given pattern .
adjusts the preferred size of the preferred size .
finds a field descriptor with the given name .
constructs a new instance .
this class cannot be instantiated .
if there is no field with the specified key , then associate the given value with the specified
reads the boolean value from the json array .
generates the instructions for a boxing field .
open the pdf file .
generate the main program .
waits for the arena to be done .
creates a signature for each partition .
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number.
find ' \ n ' , ' \ n ' , ' , ' , ' , '
calculates the position of the glyphs for each glyphs .
converts a java julian date to an equivalent java .
remove the last element in the list.
serialize a rtf structure.
default utility method for the utility class .
converts a list of floats to a float array.
updates the current image .
loading method . ( see nbt_tag ).
returns the best insertion of the nodes in the list .
writes a short value to the target stream .
returns true if the pool is initialized .
this method is called when the user wants to open the login .
registers a new exception .
trims the given line .
returns the distance between two points.
appends a new instance to the set of instructions .
returns an iterator over the ordered list .
verifies that the user ' s domain is not in use .
filters all circle intersections from the given circle .
initializes the test method .
helper method to find a serialization type .
converts the given file into an output stream .
returns map containing the given key .
writes the specified character .
load the mary speech into memory .
puts a key / value pair into the array , optimizing for the case where the key
add an incremental listener.
see the general contract of the rfc 2d output stream .
generates certificates from the given stream .
returns true if the source file exists on the destination file.
converts a query string to the order .
tries to tick a block on the block .
updates the purchase with the specified quantity .
configures the message label .
removes all the current lines from the map .
removes all the elements of the given stream .
returns the cropped region for the given dimensions .
flush the underlying stream .
constructs a vector that contains the specified components .
emits the inner class name .
converts a longitude value to a given location .
returns true if latitude value is a latitude value .
saves a register to the specified register.
remove a remote session from this session .
returns a string representation of this vector .
returns an iterator over the child nodes .
enables metrics for the server by setting " opt - out " to true in the config
creates a new hmacmackey object .
returns true if the string starts with the specified string .
writes remaining bytes to the output stream .
return true if the class is src / src / directory .
this method processes the ldap file .
prints the progress bar to the given data .
this method attempts to release the lock for the given object.
loads the selections from the database .
create a new checkbox with the given icon .
inserts a batch of requests.
dequeue an output buffer .
create a jobdefinition that is either a fixed job or not .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
stores given long value.
creates minimal optimization for splitting on the given input stream .
sign part of the xml document .
create the popup for the given editor .
creates a new sdfwriter .
determines if the heat plan is in the target pool .
parses a volume object into a list of volumes.
posts a list of files .
clear all searchables.
adds an action listener.
adds a new recipe to the array .
get the order by name .
returns a clone of the given key .
converts a string into an array of bytes using the specified encoding .
description of the method.
this method is called after the test .
adds a meta character .
does the actual work of lookup.
finds history by job .
returns a string that represents the given character .
updates the pending landmarks for the next landmark in the new landmark .
returns a description of the classifier .
draws the appropriate indicator at the specified position .
write a line of values to the file.
returns true if the input stream contains a pem encoded form .
instantiates a new close listener .
controls the routing of the request .
receive data from the server .
deletes an attribute at the specified position.
adds the labels for the given locale .
wraps the given key .
instantiates a new java plugin loader .
adds the separator .
test if storage directory exists.
loads the raw modules from the raw module .
writes data to the stream .
returns a random number rounded to the nearest integer .
converts a set of type properties into a list of type attributes .
parses a register node information from a register .
creates a new thread factory .
unit test for a numerator .
adds a new transaction to the map .
delay the specified number of milliseconds .
test split a semicolon pair of semicolon.
test verifies that an integer map of boolean values are valid.
returns true if the player is busy .
parses bytes from the given stream .
reset bandwidth to the bandwidth.
tests whether a security role is correctly merged into an empty descriptor .
decodes a full version .
recursively removes all child characters and recursively .
this method is called when the node is removed from the list .
returns the diff between two factors.
serializes an object to a given object .
compile a single bit register .
returns true if the volume expansion is supported by the native version .
update the roster with the given parameters .
returns the value of the next number .
returns a copy of this terminal .
returns true if the given request is gzipable .
instantiates a new replay processor .
this method is called when the list of conversations are shown .
reads the next octet .
adds a job to the queue .
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number.
description of the method.
draws a string on the current graphics context.
read the next character array .
updates the current nonce value .
matches the virtualpool against the passed pools .
calculate fee fee based on price.
adds the search history to the search history .
trim the list of files from the list of sources .
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array , with the given string
writes a short value .
specifies the order of the query by clause .
create a stemmedstring from one string ( stemmed ).
creates a logstream with the given log file.
given an array of ciphersuites , returns a string containing the ciphersuites of the
creates a new extension file filter .
ensures that the tuple is at least one row.
determines whether the given argument is a valid argument .
recursively removes all child nodes of the given type.
sets up the given value .
returns true if the given savepoint is valid .
sets the columns for the given editor.
writes a set of strings to a file .
remove all elements from the list .
resets uidvalidate uid validity of the uidvalidator .
writes the ogg page header .
handle a static request.
removes a room from the room .
attempts to discharge the given amount of items.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this queue.
adds the specified selection to the adapter .
returns true if the feature has the given feature .
gets backup partitions for the given node .
load the image url .
populate pivot matrix .
converts a byte array to a hex string .
creates a bidi for a line with the given line.
determines whether the given package matches the given package.
paints the background of a frame .
adds a graph listener.
this method attempts to restart the patch version .
attempt to align two matrices.
returns true if the product is category.
creates new instance of this panel .
append a file to the server .
returns a list of white string names .
returns true if the given name is a scoped name .
constructs an inputstream with the given buffer.
loads the configuration file .
pretty printing accumulator function .
renders the given string as delimiter .
remove all database listeners .
loads the audio map .
add a generic attribute to the class .
helper method to add fxevent to list of fis events.
creates a new instance of the classloader.
check that the given uuid is a valid uuid .
prepares for writing .
this method is called when the server is stopped .
writes the trace representation of this object .
creates an instance with the specified value .
add a header to the response.
adds a child to this node .
cumulative probability density function .
removes a result from the list .
adds an empty entry .
modifies two negative numbers of the same length.
creates a new dexportprivatekeypkcs8 dialog .
returns the sum of the decimal expression .
calculates the x - value of the offset .
this method is called when the user wants to finish .
writes the given bundle with the given values .
returns a number of days .
creates a temporary file for temporary file .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
removes an entry from the dataset at the specified index .
runs the read test .
closes given resource logging possible checked exception .
removes an element from the queue .
creates a raster with the same width and height , and height , and height ,
constructs a scheduler command for the given port .
adds a solrinputdocument.
performs a phase on the key machine.
creates a new empty simplepermissionset .
add a curve to the shape.
restores the buckets from the shared preferences .
returns the next character .
accept an app offer .
verify the signature of the given key provider.
injects the activity graph with the given scope .
wait for a write request.
reads a date from the input stream .
removes the specified listener from the list of listeners .
writes hex string to the hex output stream .
this method is used to read from the given input stream.
gets type parameters from a list .
returns a free space for the given path .
reads the given input stream and closes it .
returns true if two moves in the specified solution .
constructs a pennbank instance .
unwraps the byte array .
close the underlying socket .
apply rows to the given row .
normalizes a list of strings by replacing all occurrences of the given name .
returns true if the value is infinite .
generates a string representation of the ledger segment .
adds a new category to the series .
receive redundancy of all redundancy data .
output xml declaration.
checks whether the given vector is valid .
resolves the given url with the given parameters .
returns the maximum depth of the node .
converts a path to an array of urls.
adds the final input array .
notify listeners that a connection has been closed .
stores an integer value .
constructs a number strategy .
creates a uri from a server.
constructs a plotter for the given plot .
add a new column class .
creates a new instance comparator .
adds an element to the root element .
flush the output buffer .
inserts the specified character into this builder .
add a class to the list of class.
reads bytes from the specified byte array .
returns true if the component has been selected.
process a run tag .
inserts the specified character into this builder.
adds a proto to the root element .
expands the given element to the given tree .
appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided float value .
constructs a new svn .
ensures that the maximum size of the given height and height and height .
returns true if the character sequence is normalized by the given string .
returns a string representation of this attribute .
unescapes a som string .
saves the given column in the database .
creates a copy of the given object .
prepend the name and value .
redirects a token with the specified token .
returns a color with the given factor .
converts an input value to a database .
returns the file name for the given class name .
writes the current process variable to the given output stream .
asserts that the specified namespace is set .
formats a float array with the specified number of floats .
matches an int [ 0 ] to the given string .
removes the viewpoint at the given indices from the list .
clears the list of callbacks .
updates the input field .
removes the ignored view from this view .
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
ensures that the given resource has expired .
returns the maximum of the specified number of values .
clears all attributes from this panel .
toggles the given section at the given index.
method to combine a set of files .
stops the scroller instance .
this method is called to calculate the difference between two values.
creates a response with the given length .
get the next event .
replace the endpoint with the given url .
creates an ok - point at the given coordinates .
adds a member to this group.
adds whitespace to a list .
computes the qualified name of the widget name of a widget .
this method parses the fftype atom.
parses the given string using the given separator .
delete an error message .
returns the sum of the given values .
make a copy of the table .
returns a sub - configuration with the given prefix .
returns a map of resource name to display name .
constructs a new integer column .
returns a string representation of this object .
this method checks if the current work has been processed or not .
adds a bitmap to the queue .
adds a listener to the server .
attempts to read the next available number of bytes .
constructs a relation notification notification with the given id .
adds data to the buffer.
returns true if the specified host name is a valid or host name .
calculates the entropy for the given data vector .
save the working class to the file.
calculate the color for the given coordinate bar .
reads characters into a portion of an array .
adjusts the current alignment position to the current block .
appends the given field to the output .
constructs a new forward plan for the given dialogue system .
adds a button to the text component.
returns true if the given tag matches the given attributes .
returns a string representation of the business object data object .
this method is used to convert the usage information to the usage information.
returns a closure that matches the given method enclosing scope .
generate an oversion of the iso file .
create an actionable event .
construct a rational instance .
removes all notification of the given type .
unify all rules in the parent node.
adds a node to the node .
gets object field offset .
generates xml representation of this object .
dispose of this panel.
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array
shuts down the server .
returns true if the given string is a valid local identifier .
binds a server socket to the server.
check if node is interrupted.
resets the output builder .
writes the given plan.
removes a listener for the given resource .
test the launcher with a manifest .
sends a message with the given name .
writes the header of the file .
returns the java version of this java .
create a new voice result.
verify the tree structure .
adds a category to the tree .
add a drawer listener.
edit a note that the given note can be deleted.
adds an entry to this entry .
unhide the action bar .
formats a time in milliseconds .
returns the inverse of the given parameters .
collapses all newlines in the given string .
overridden to deserialize the object .
returns the total of the values of the given data table.
open the analysis frame .
this method is called when the beancontext has been removed .
performs some processing on the given item .
removes instances from scaling down to the containers that are down.
draws a normal message .
kill a consist of loco loco.
start listening for key events .
parses the given bitmask .
verifies the signature of the given signature .
adds a match string to this match .
returns the time ago .
convert hex string to byte array.
this method is called when a job is being stopped.
returns the coefficient of the variance .
returns a string representation of this rule .
creates a new skeleton version object .
updates the default version of the attribute schema .
converts an canonical version of the canonical form to a canonical version name .
emits the given field to the given collection .
unregisters the given proxy .
replace double quotes in a string .
allocates a new container with the specified capacity .
check if uri represents local resource.
determines the path for the given file.
subclasses can override this method to override this method to override this method to implement its own
validate message and return the expected message .
close all database objects.
calculates the md5 hash of the given message .
runs the cassandra compare operation .
deletes all subtypes of the given members .
test de busqueda de busqueda de list of messages.
queue a given runnable .
adds the given message to the error buffer .
ensures that the capacity of the array is bigger than the capacity .
writes a new key / value pair .
writes the given query to the given resource.
returns true if the linkstatstats is the same as the two links are the same
returns a sanitized string that is not used to generate a unique identifier .
removes a provider from the list of provider numbers .
parses an xml element from a dom node .
formats the given amount as a string .
delete an instance of the entryclass .
read dhc properties file.
log a warning message .
returns a string representation of the given input stream .
constructs a new array vector with the given preset size .
unregister a transaction service listener .
sort the high - level array in ascending order .
test that verifies that the model class is valid .
called when the mapbean is added to the beancontext , and when the mapbean is
removes all layers from the map .
returns the number of productions .
creates a new zookeeper in the given path .
writes the object to the given stream .
returns true if the specified amount is equal to mq .
constructs an object with the given field name .
processes an event .
removes a listener from this group .
adds a message to the given uri .
present the texture at the current location .
generates a calendar by day .
binds the native object to the local object.
removes all indexes from the given list.
creates a new panel object .
determine if the given string is an object .
interpolates the current zoom time .
request that the list of channels have been requested.
returns true if the given value is contained in this set .
renames an existing file .
this method is used to handle the errors of the given error messages.
remove the specified sensor selection .
prints the name of a way .
returns a string representation of this vector .
returns a path relative to the given object.
returns true if there is a proxy in the list .
returns true if the picker was clicked.
returns the hash code for this operation .
sets the measurement mappings for the given pattern .
method to extract a zip file.
creates a new config file .
creates new form gotodialog.
send a teardown request .
parses the encoded encoded image .
test the simple ear .
returns the length of this color .
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one .
notify listeners that wifi state changes.
checks if the given key exists in the given value for the given key .
removes the given diagram change listener.
factory method to create a new connectivity grid with the given range .
removes leading and trailing whitespace from a string .
clears the host context .
constructs a new instance .
initializes the chart panel .
accept a chart event.
subscipio : adds a new range to another .
creates a tailer for the given file .
determine if mac os is mac os.
returns the number of values in this array .
creates new dviewasn1dump dialog where the parent is a dialog .
trims the given string .
adds an object to the queue .
dispose - free resources.
calculates the positive number of points.
expands a number string to a real number .
generates a new one - dimensional vector .
submit a permission request .
test the default configuration .
this class cannot be instantiated .
creates a delete - xxx sub - command .
recursively removes all cycles in the graph .
returns a string representation of the given matrix .
searches for the given xpath expression using the given pattern .
shuts down the process .
encodes the given char buffer .
creates a metric map with the given dimensions .
attempt to load the class from the given class .
returns true if the specified point is in the map .
inserts the specified byte array into this buffer.
returns whether or not the alias is used for use .
this method will be used to load the levels for a given level.
validate a zero - length file .
saving method . ( see nbt_tag ).
applies the mask to the given value .
computes the total duration of this timer.
this method is used to handle a nanpf4 file.
returns a buffered image for the given output stream .