returns the int value of this node in the tree .
compute the union size of two bitsets .
handle an event closing event .
returns a description of the classifier.
returns the intersection of this sector .
returns true if the given double value is less than the given value.
integer value of a positive bigdecimal.
scans the specified directory , starting at the specified location .
get a sorted array containing all column values for a tuple instance .
divide : rounding mode is invalid.
this method is called when the dataset is changed .
schedules the library as planned.
returns true if the string is a string type .
validates a sql statement .
converts to object array .
is this logger instance enabled for the finest level ?.
determine if the specified player should be loaded .
creates a new tcp matcher .
determines the max level recursion recursively .
request a password confirmation from the user.
adds a worker to the queue of waiting for a worker .
insertfunctionalitytest # testinsertall ( ) . inserts rows into a table with referencing
stores a local map entry.
receive notification of the end of an element .
send a log message .
removes all leaf entries with the specified name.
returns a string representation of this vector .
validate the given component ' s value .
removes a new shutdown hook .
bounds the current scroll if necessary .
helper method to scan all volumes for a given volumes .
starts additional additional information .
this method will be invoked when drawing changes.
paints the image on the window .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection according to the
checks if is prefixed .
release any connection that has been reached .
adds a new action to the queue.
adds a new renderer to this renderer .
copies stream to progress listener .
calculates the needed angle for a given value.
returns the buffer ' s buffer to the underlying buffer size .
creates a new instance .
returns a new charseq with this charseq.
process the http get request.
change the state of a property.
test for getorder ( ) .
formats and logs a message with the specified level .
constructs the redis key for the queue to redis .
decodes a string using the specified charset.
adds the given domain name to the list of restricted domains.
create a new instance .
xception always returns false.
copy the contents of the given byte array to the given outputstream.
returns true if the list has no items .
renders a gif file.
check to see if a string is a valid ncname according to [ 4 ] from
appends a new message to the end of the list of messages.
prepares the dataset for testing.
builds a service registry .
parses an attribute name.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
remove this rule from the rule.
copy nodelist members into this nodelist , adding in document order.
check if data is cached .
creates a new document type .
converts the bytes into a byte array .
try to pick an enum value from a style name .
calculate the next mpeg image for a mpeg stream.
creates a map of the exportmask to a mapping for the export mask.
inserts the object at the specified index.
write a scaled version of an image to a page .
stores a node in the cache.
updates the progress label .
copy input stream to output resource.
start a fade in audio file.
restores the scene to the canvas .
load the properties of a class from a properties file.
add zero to zero.
this method is used to fix the gps timestamp after a gps timestamp.
does the given cell type contain the given event type .
read a single character .
this function is used to draw the y axis.
returns the maximum value for the delta .
prints the content of the peer to a file.
extends this rule to extend this one with other information.
consumes the current token by the specified pattern.
tests sort of table types .
updates the file cache with the given path .
removes a listener from the set of listeners .
gets the descriptor for a given field .
adds parameters to the request body .
convert a class object to its string representation.
returns whether or not this resource support group is supported .
create electronic text data for the text.
create a patternexpression .
returns the intersection of two points .
method which removes the specified object class from the set and returns the set of object classes that
get the current unix timestamp.
is the pdf summary.
draws the grid background .
opens an entry in the jar .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
called when the file is copied.
returns the common submitter queue for the given thread .
determines whether the given attribute is private.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_up , result is positive ; distance =
converts the given string to lower case .
loads the statistics from the specified input stream.
calculates the size of the selector .
determines the width of this view.
test verifies that byte [ ] get byte [ ] moves and then returns the byte [
called when the user has been added.
parse a local number .
transforms multiple paths into pixels.
decodes the given base64 string .
throws an exception if the state of the expression is not null.
 slide from the top of the top of the top of the screen .
creates a new immutable instance from the given index.
handle saml request sent.
creates a checkpointmanager for the given inputstream.
load from the store .
returns the value of the liveness.
put a parameter value into the list .
returns the minimum dimensions of the target container .
selects an element at the given position , and returns true if selected .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
ignorable whitespace . this method will be called from the document .
this method waits for an internal file in the correct editor state .
returns the largest objective value in the specified objective .
converts latitude and longitude into y coordinates .
this method register notification handler.
parses a property list list from an input stream .
calculate the score for the current score .
creates a new instance of grammaticalityestimator .
checks if a string is a zon - link.
checks that the given number is valid .
processes the connection events .
gets the percent of the values in the specified range .
quietly closes the given object .
release the thread context.
adds a new event listener .
determines whether or not a journal that has been restarted.
converts a string to a byte array .
loads properties from a classpath.
compares two objects for equality .
parses the name value with the given parser .
to be invoked by the pull event.
looks up an object at a given location .
parse the given json data .
find the difference between two strings .
creates a repository object.
counts the current string .
indexes a document with the code documents .
resets the common component attributes .
handles an error dialog .
reads the default serializable field values for this instance.
paint the arrow enabled state .
log a throwable exception .
convert a bigdecimal to biginteger.
receives a new accuracy from the accuracy .
returns true if the argument has the trailing trailing argument values .
setmincrl ( ) method testing.
evaluate the popup menu for the given event .
remove task from queue , if present .
java . math . bigdecimal # divide ( java . math . bigdecimal ,
ensures that the given path exists .
tries to load a class .
determines the width of this view.
returns true if the list child child under the given point is child in the list of
creates a new scheduling rule for the given workspace .
writes a byte array to a file.
appends the specified item to the end of the list .
check all custom messages for a custom message .
determines the number of consecutive characters in the specified string .
parses the current node and returns the number of elements added .
calculate the height of a maze according to the user height .
test for verifying that values are not supported.
closes the cache callback .
tries to find index of given elements in an array .
populate list of profiles .
read file header from file.
absolute value of left component.
convert an oid to oid map .
provide reflective behavior to construct instance of generator given an array of string arguments .
refills the input buffer .
processes the specified mouse event .
add a module to the list of modules to the manager .
determines if there are all the tables in the database .
classifies a set of features.
called to bind a header into the recyclerview.
updates the line selected in the horizontal box list.
draws a rectangle of given half width and half height , centered on ( x , y
refreshes the loading view size.
replace a split element with the specified index.
the start of an item list.
calculates the initial number of initial rows for a given chunk.
invoked when a mouse has been pressed .
scans the source files for directories.
determines if there are another path in the future .
indicates whether this element is a selected .
constructs an igfs path for the given uri.
reads a xml element attribute ans cast it to a int value.
reads the contents of a reader into a string.
adds a getter for the given type .
adds the usage for an entry .
the method should be called directly .
add the state left to the rest of the state remaining .
registers implementing class of the signaturealgorithm with algorithmuri.
creates a keyvalue object from the given settings file .
returns true if the given character is a word .
checks the interior of a segment string.
removes the first occurrence of the specified object from this list.
compose a single operator .
adds the cdl specification to the list of column names .
utility method that converts a field name in java.
generate a random key using the basic encryption algorithm .
throws an exception if the given expression is not null .
execute a sql query .
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
refreshes the button in the dialog if it is done .
create the migration task editor .
expands the buffer to a large number .
convert an ipv4 address to an integer .
close the cursor with the given cursor.
check to see if there is another pattern .
generates the instruction to push an int value on the top stack .
utility method that creates an xml node and returns a new xml node that contains the given
inserts the specified item at the specified position in the list.
returns the completion of the callback.
transforms the given source object to the given stream.
splits the input string based on the default delimiter.
reads data from the buffer and blocks until data is available .
deletes the given policy in the set of associations.
clips the view that is based on the current position and the right bounds .
creates a new compound content package.
checks to see if the attributes covered by the cluster definition .
locates the values in the specified string .
finds the first occurrence of an element in a given array .
appends a value to the list .
compares this object with the specified object .
part of two strings .
encodes a string as a long .
creates a histogram from a set of gts time series .
compute the weight of all children .
creates a new searcher .
adds a field to use as a field to be parsed by the query.
creates a new completion stage.
builds the create schema for create statement.
and for two positive numbers ; the first is shorter.
creates a new instance of streaminfomanager.
returns the sentence as a conjunction of this sentence .
determine if the expression is a pronoun .
output the sql type for a java short .
breaks a string to multiple strings .
write all modified favorites to the data stream .
updates the rolling average value .
returns the error message list.
creates a new instance of this class that contains all keystore data stores .
encodes a given cipher result .
invoked when a point value is changed .
extracts a list from a delimited list.
creates the border layout .
returns true if the frame is running .
creates a default mosaic definition .
returns results of a query result .
set up httpsurlconnection.
determines whether the given component can be in form e.
internal helper method to add internal listeners.
returns the square root of the error .
runs the specified thread .
append a character to buffer .
initializes the owner ' s own methods for the given field.
builds the union query for the union ( i.
creates a node with a given point.
increase the count of data and increments the score for each object.
reverts files to git / root .
concatenates all arrays into one.
creates a tag iterator for the given values .
decodes the current tree .
returns true if the stream is readable .
writes to the specified byte array.
called when an item is removed.
probability density function of the normal distribution.
returns a copy of the array with the specified comparator and returns a copy of the
add a zoom listener.
clear the register of a basic block for the given register.
fire when a particular annotation has been selected .
verifies the received server evidence message.
description of the method.
removes a service from this service .
translates a string reference to an attribute value .
creates a new escaped writer .
checks whether the given cookie is expired .
creates a record from the given record .
return true if the method parameter is correct .
remainder of division of two numbers of different signs.
resets the meta - property .
calculates the distance between two vectors.
checks the backup information on the backup directory .
returns a lowercase version of the given string .
create a negative number from a sign and an array of bytes.
builds an opus comment string .
verifies that the expected properties are the same.
size of the list .
converts the given string to uppercase .
returns an iterator of required rules .
unlocks the given lock .
formats and returns a text box with the given indentation .
fills the given number with 2 digits.
adds a new drop item to the list of dropped items .
finds a list of primary entities by primary key .
generates a workflow object from the workflow .
returns a hash code for this certificate .
removes a tag from the list of tags .
verifies the given secp256k1 signature in native code.
delete the directory.
verifies that the iterator returns the same ordering as the elements in the given iterator .
generate a string that corresponds to the status of a fixed interval .
generates the host name for the given vm id.
transfer data from a file.
 unwrap the given expression .
returns true if this dataset is all the elements of the pie list .
draws the next time interval ( next ) .
creates lines insert from provided string.
returns the square root of the argument .
returns a transition between the given points and the result .
convert a long to a string .
encodes a byte array using utf - 8 .
initializes a messagetokenizer that uses the provided client and client data .
wait until village is up to 0.
helper method to set the translation cache if there is no cache.
create a new navbarmode with the current mouse mode .
add a new event to the queue .
stops the timer for a given name .
returns the summary as string .
creates a temporary directory in the given path .
adds a horizontal line to the graph .
select all items belonging to the current selected items .
create a new key builder for the given string builder .
removes from the list of nodes of the given knowledge.
load properties from a stream.
returns a new connection with the given url .
saves the relations of the given task.
determines the bdd of the switch.
sleeps specified number of milliseconds .
verify that the write set does not exist .
calculate entropy ( e.
returns true if the given string is a valid ntoken token name .
parses a double value .
adds a string to the buffer .
add a rtcp event listener.
creates a new array of the given size if necessary and copies the data into the new
overrides an error .
connect to the specified file .
checks if a text character is a whitespace character .
creates a new panel object .
attempts to open the file .
removes a spring from the registry .
returns the current file name for this logcat .
parses an n - triples tuple , creates an object for it using the supplied
resets the psr list .
sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order .
closes the popup popup.
free object id from cache.
expand the view horizontally.
convert an ipv6 address into an inetaddress .
track the failure time .
reads a double ( 64 bit ) from the source stream .
determines if the specified range is greater than the maximum value .
returns true if the queue starts with the given sequence.
creates and loads a map of tileset from the given url .
computes the result for the given double value .
enables the paning on the bluetooth device.
determines the distance between two points.
creates a new urlurlconnection object .
returns a workflow . method for creating a virtual volume .
create a fileinfo instance.
initialize the gui .
sets the ssl connections for a given url .
return the probe ' s next sample .
this method returns the user code as a user token .
test for correct mission construction .
returns true if the time transition is equal to another .
shuts down this class .
closes the receiver.
finds all the files and their subclasses of the given classpath and directories.
getprovide ( ) method testing.
this method is called when the config has been removed from the config file .
removes the given message processor from the list of suppressed messages.
constructs a new issuer from an x509certificate .
adds the set to a file to a set of xml files .
writes the given bytes to this buffer .
convert a string array to a comma delimited string .
remove all images from the map.
parses the color string based on attributes of a color .
creates a new ld state in the set .
checks that the given memory is empty .
read a single character .
limits the clip area .
shuts down the thread pool.
convert a set of ip addresses into a collection of ip addresses .
removes new line characters from a string .
calculate counters and store all meta data.
append a character to s .
migrates all resources in the given table as sql .
retrieve row count from table .
construct a jarmodifier from a jar file.
adds an attribute to the current table .
associate the given value with the specified key .
sorts the specified array in topological order .
is this a server transaction ?.
create a new highlight .
read a number of bytes from the input stream.
validate the given assumption .
adds a cart to the shopping cart.
adds an item set .
advances bytes from the peek buffer .
a method that creates the workflow method to remove the volumes in a vplex consistency group .
displays a prompt to choose a single prompt.
returns true if the column is not a row of the right mouse event.
computes a string that is a regular expression in a regular string ( old ) .
generates a call id.
parses the hour value from a regular expression string .
handle the pressed key events.
subclasses must override type binding.
gets a list of all local - connected peers .
returns the seconds until lockout .
get list of hive databases.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
return an adjustable value for a specific factor.
converts a string to an object .
copy the document with the given properties to the new one.
constructs a s3d matrix with the specified values .
unlocks the given cache and returns the new lock held by name.
instantiates a new unicastreference .
get the last index of an element in the list of objects in the specified array .
writes the wave data.
determines the derivative of a number .
max ( biginteger val ).
function used to stop code.
called to set the offsetgrabpoint to the current mouse location.
writes floats in the specified array , starting from the specified offset , to the current position
returns true if the cr ip address is contained in the specified ipr ipr
returns lock for the given service .
check if known cookie is set.
use the import process for selecting a file.
construct an item from a set of items.
reads the contents of a byte stream into a byte array.
parse a sql statement.
writes a long ( native object ) at the specified offset .
called when the request was received from the server .
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt . hashpw ( ) method.
check the key has the given key.
convert a number to a string.
executes an init script if required.
converts a string value into an integer index .
prints an object to standard output and then terminates the line .
throws an exception if the input values are nan .
add buttons to the board view.
is window auto - enabled.
finds the relative path to a file ( relative ) path .
resets a singleton.
andnot for two negative numbers ; the first is longer.
generate a random string of the given length .
instantiates a new exchange manager .
removes the specified attribute .
evicts the given key .
returns true if the exception is a contraint ( i.
creates a configuration error with the specified configuration .
add component of cols .
adds any context prefixes from the given context , removing any context prefixes from the
increments the put time accumulator .
computes a list of hashes for a given byte array.
get the elevation at a given lat / lon location.
creates the observed object .
remove all children of a given container.
saves the initial state of the component ' s ui components .
check if this contact has overlap a set .
ensures that value not null .
read an arraylist from an inputstream containing xml.
adds padding to the beginning of a string with the padding .
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names.
method called when a task is finished.
adds a preferences button to the panel .
clears unused entries.
this method creates new grid fields.
constructs a shortinterleavedraster with the given samplemodel.
this method will be used to copy local file at local location to the local cache file.
perform a fling backward operation.
converts a string to a double .
adds a listener that is notified about changes in the graph .
returns true if the feature is stable.
calculates the approximate size of a text , depending on the demo text .
override the defaults for this setting .
returns the string representation of this vector .
write an image , x / y placement with an imageicon .
called when the slider changes .
write content into a file .
returns true if the url is a file.
updates the status for the given relay state .
convert an oid ( e.
returns a list of server names for the given site .
creates the default editor dialog .
returns true if the outline feature features contains the given style.
decode the given input stream as a byte array.
this method is called to run the runtime after the runtime.
display all the text in the string.
checks to see if the http request is in utf - 8.
adds a foreign key constraint .
called when the activity is created .
push a notification on the topic to push .
appends a json encoded key / value pair to the given string builder .
update loaded resources from the default resource .
deselects the given item at the given index.
indicates whether the given node is a leaf .
adds a listener to be notified about updates .
tests the equality of the given object .
parses a string [ ] vector and returns an array of doubles .
calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the specified stream
creates a new session wrapper object .
post a batch request .
returns the directory .
clears the list of route sensors .
returns the keystore corresponding to the xpath .
returns the next object at the given level .
converts a hexadecimal character to an integer .
serialize a pod list.
load a keystore from the given file.
remove a property change listener.
returns whether preconditions is enabled .
and for two bits in one set.
compares this principal to the specified object.
determine if the repository profile is valid.
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of the extensions .
constructs a tuple from the two streams in the default one .
decode codepoints from the input bit stream .
create a new kdbcimal database from a given header .
decodes a add operation .
sorts the list in ascending order .
rebuilds the panel in a new panel .
extract data from buf .
returns the absolute path to the string.
navigate to the next page.
get null and return null pointer .
returns an unmodifiable list of this type .
adds a list of rules to the batch command that will be deleted .
returns true if the element has been visited.
creates a new instance of awt .
creates a future that is synchronously completed exceptionally .
initialize the forecast error errors .
returns true if the mouse event has the specified modifiers .
emits the unchanged variables .
creates a new uri from the given uri .
returns the list of all points in the given hgnodes .
reads a single character from this reader and returns it as an integer with the two higher -
determines if the passed snapshot supports full copy volumes .
returns an enumeration of service descriptors .
removes code sentences from a given string .
divide : rounding mode is round_half_even , result is negative ; distance =
compute the quantile function of the distribution.
validates the signed data with the given signature .
returns the number of elements in this sequence .
tests whether a servlet with the role is defined .
subtract two numbers of different length and different signs.
creates a new multi - term query for the given field .
prints a message to the console .
increases the current entity and counts for each entity.
test that invalid xml is invalid.
returns a string representation of this object .
returns true if the given method is a member of the given method , i.
returns a new utc format for the given string .
write a new kml file to the linked folder .
returns the destination file path .
refreshes users list of users in a group .
creates new bootpanel.
get all headers for this instance .
clears all the elements that have been processed.
puts a new request in queue to be executed.
send a new client data .
parses the data from the given inputstream , using the supplied baseuri to resolve
parses the date value using the given date formats .
removes the value from the json array .
find all loops in the loop.
factory method to generate the hive files in the hive.
renames the editor panel.
determines whether the given column fits into a single line.
before calling this method is called before the exception is invoked .
convert world coordinates to world coordinates.
replaces a character in a string with another .
encodes a string using a valid url.
draws a rendered image from a transform.
skips the end of the current character to the end of the current line.
creates a new indtestcramert instance for a subset of the variables .
called when the seed file receives the seed.
formats milliseconds to given number of milliseconds .
add a propertychangelistener to the listener list .
creates a new folder with a default folder name .
add a text array to the config.
add a sub - action to the actionmanager.
fill a page tree from the given row .
returns true if the collection contains at least one of the given collection .
asserts that the given duration is in the current time range .
log diff between two records .
creates a new image image.
create a new abstract resource.
creates a new instance of parameters hashtable.
convert from linear frequency to linear frequency.
creates a rounded icon generator .
get a random byte array with the given size .
return a string representation of the dataset .
copy data from the buffer.
indicates if the timer has expired .
put a boolean value into the jsonobject .
writes an attribute to the stream .
handles a single item.
determines if the transaction can be used for business transactions.
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
get the contents of this http response as a byte array .
starts fading out of all layers.
makes a packed - first sort of the files that have been modified according to the first index
adds a new filter listener.
return an iterator over the profiles.
returns true if the string starts with a space character .
wrap the given path with a prefix .
convert a level to an int .
called when the mouse is pressed on the current thread .
initializes the dynamic cache filter .
adds a common component for common xml components .
spins waiting for a given service .
load the generaltable attributes.
reads a single character .
checks if the health check is enabled .
write string to file .
make the writable ' s values.
computes the angle between two points.
create a new memory cursor .
checks if is enabled .
renders the visible state of the drag .
create a serial transaction .
start the runner thread .
export object with name.
tries to create the db ddc directory .
reads characters from a stream and returns it as a string.
recursively processes the children of the given query tree .
initialize messages from the general list of messages .
creates a new persistent store using the specified queue name .
helper method to append objects into a string .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection according to the
creates a new request for posting to the facebook graph .
hide content and show the progress bar.
the object implements the readexternal method to restore its contents by calling the methods of
computes the median of a set of median values .
constructs a new sdpexception from an root exception .
links this node to the first of the first node.
notify listeners about property change.
return true if the template should be read or not .
creates a new jframe .
applies the attributes to the specified attributes .
increment the idle count for this instance .
instantiates a new remote service descriptor .
reads a journal entry from the file.
starts a new server .
this method checks if the data has been created.
copies the qr code into a byte array .
writes ints from the given int array , starting from the specified offset , to the
adds a header to the request .
updates the ui .
generate to source of the class.
submits a callable to the worker thread pool .
verifies that the given bucket name is valid .
validates the user namespace creation request .
formats the given object into a string .
calculates the derived statistics .
determines if the consistency group has a consistency group .
close a closeable object .
attempts to wait for a message to be sent to a message.
removes the elements from this list , starting at the specified index , inclusive , inclusive ,
refills the input buffer .
stops the book directory.
adds or removes the given criteria .
releases the selection of a set of items.
creates the bandwidth mapping from the given file.
delete a receive load name that the track will either service or exclude . see setloadoption
validates that the compute state name and value for the given aws name .
creates a string from an array of elements .
removes an argument at the given index .
replaces a policy in a specific resource tree with the old policy tree .
creates a new atomicdoublearray.
copy file from destination file to destination file.
recompute the separation of cluster means .
returns a square of the given input image.
handles the case where a route is incorrect .
writes the start of an element .
adds a process listener to the list of listeners .
replaces the first search string with the replace string .
helper method to store a single byte at index.
instantiates a new turnout panel .
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt . hashpw ( ) method.
draws the description at the specified position .
parses the free space as long .
finds the appropriate language for the language in the page .
updates the action space required to update the address space .
take a publisher and prepare to consume it.
cleans a directory without deleting it .
creates a new bag with the given parameters.
puts a segment into the cache .
deletefunctionalitytest # testdelete5 ( ) . attempts to delete row with referencing ones
creates a channel with a given payload.
change the dimensions of this point.
insert a row into the buffer .
add uri to cluster uri .
translates characters into a sequence .
compute the straight line distance to a point.
return a copy of this instance with a copy of the number of digits.
runs the test case .
returns the id of the bug when this patch was created.
read a byte array .
is the bean a bean ?.
constructs a partial distribution probability distribution.
check if we have enabled in the windows.
validates if the output file is valid.
add a response listener.
calculate the log likelihood of the current state .
returns true if there are dead states that can be reachable.
subtracts two money objects.
compares two objects with the given object .
skips over the next line.
list all volumes in docker input .
convert a base64 encoded key into a bytebuffer .
advances the progress step .
if the input is specified , then read raw characters from the raw encoded stream .
creates a new assertion object.
creates a new instance of " non - contiguous " , " , " , " -
adds a wheelchangelistener to the wheel .
scans the yaml tag .
tostring - return a string representation .
converts the buffer samples to a signed buffer .
checks whether the given token is valid .
writes an attribute to the stream .
expands all paths in the tree .
description of the method.
invokeany ( c ) throws nullpointerexception if c is null.
instantiates a new signal group action .
generate a list of x , y.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
put the service under the given attribute value under the given class , if it is found ,
creates a new decoder that decodes the specified uri.
convert rgb color to color .
shows an error message to the user.
parses a name value with the given parser .
removes all characters from the given string s .
returns the cosine of the specified angle in radians .
shuts down this service .
remove a vetoable change listener for row changes.
check if a file exists.
create a windowsfileattributes from a given location.
write a map to a callback.
fills the given event .
returns true if any of the full view has full access entries .
check if the specified resource is a module .
write an annotation item .
create an address from an inetaddress.
returns true if a revision contains a given template name .
retrieves all account info for a given start date.
this method adds the string arguments into a list , with all strings added by the string argument
walkback the parse tree.
like datainputstream . readchar except little endian .
calculates a truncated date and the data of the given date .
splits a list into two parts.
returns true if the url is a book search.
utility method to convert a class path to a file ' s filename.
removes a title prefix .
send a message to all peers .
returns true if the given attribute is relevant to any of the given attributes , false otherwise
tests two objects for equality .
search for cars by road number.
convert class name to slashed class name .
p - empirical joint.
finds an existing location creates a new location if needed .
this method closes the reservation .
remove oma download from cache .
returns true if the given local directory is in the home directory .
checks whether the token has been stored .
resets the policy to the default policy .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection according to the
returns the x and y value of the given vector2 to the nearest integer value .
invokes the specified parameterless method if it exists .
decode a function from a stream .
creates a new button object .
convenience method to add requests to a response .
commits to the input field .
this method splits a string into multiple strings .
joins an instruction into the child of this inst.
returns a new instance of this class instance .
creates a new format specifier object .
converts an iterator to a string .
is the notification full ?.
schedules a save task.
this is used to determine if any of the variables should be loaded .
acts to the next menu item in the menu .
returns a textual description of this vector .
returns the integer representation of the int.
send a verbose log message .
save all indexes to the current index.
calculates the score against the given pattern.
if deltay > 0 , move the content down.
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one.
inserts a new string at the given location .
obtains the string representation of this object .
this method writes data to the server.
copy the input and writer given an input to a writer.
checks if there is a number of booktips in the browser.
applies the transform to the given location .
asserts that the given code closure fails when it is evaluated .
write a packet to a destination.
processes a boolean value .
load keys from rdbc database.
this method will return a list of wo ' s list of wo ' s matching criteria and
creates a new week instance .
construct a queue from a resource .
encodes the certificate and signs it with the specified certificate .
schedule a fixed task for the specified period.
abbreviates a string using a given width .
stops the test wrapper .
throws an exception if the specified row indexes are specified .
helper method called to empty all generated symbols for this class .
determine the enemy damage to use in the enemy.
returns a name with the given identifier , consisting of the first underscore ' s name '
parses a date according to the format specified .
returns a string representation of this thread .
returns true if the character is a whitespace character .
removes the given request filter .
remove the given classifiers .
add property change listener.
returns the number of checkpoints in the repository .
add an object to the list.
add a list of urls.
adds the given virtualarray uri to the set of virtualarrays assigned to the
is cell editable.
drop the trash in the trash .
concatenates the list of values into one array .
constructs an iterator over the given pattern .
validate a custom catalog.
creates a new instancepool executor .
check if the body is in ssl .
add a child at the specified index.
restores the selection in the model to the previous selection .
gets the remaining bytes as a byte array.
cleans up any listeners .
blocks until the given events have been collected.
updates the ui from the command text.
compareto ( biginteger val ).
generates a random gaussian distribution .
computes the over scroll over over the scrolled offset .
constructs a new vector with the specified capacity .
process the invite request .
gets broker log from given object .
read receive delay time from window returns ' true ' if successful , ' false ' if an
method to write the default indentation.
returns a hash code value for this object.
parse the given string value as an integer .
checks if this node is an invalid node.
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
this method is called when the motion occurs .
remove a batch clusterer listener.
retrieves the locks of the given lease .
removes an object from the list of known objects.
wraps the specified bytestore into heapstore .
parses the given json string into a string .
valueof ( long val ).
inserts the specified element before the specified position into the receiver.
grow array if needed .
construct a sided plane from a pair of vectors describing points .
checks if input stream contains gzip data.
inserts an operation at the given position.
clears all the config objects in the cluster .
registers a decay object that will be called whenever an object is decay through it .
check that output string contains a expected string.
remove a class from the cache .
stage a successful completion stage.
renders the cursor ' s color .
handles the case where a class loader is dropped .
delete the attachment points and port.
total number of files that were recovered.
processes the given model object .
deletes the assignment from the database.
formats the given object into a string .
perform async operation on node status.
returns a snapshot of the thread pool .
checks the audio buffer if the audio input buffer is enough to be valid and if the audio
check whether input matches provided filter.
unmarks the first item in the queue .
private helper method to initialize a document builder .
returns the standard error for the slope .
create missing values for each row in the list.
normalizes file path by replacing slashes with " / ".
start the launch thread .
expands the filename to a hidden directory.
attempts to create a pending buffer with current data.
updates the value of the selected form .
checks if there is more data .
scipio : appends the parameter list as a parameter of the given parameter to the
completes a heartbeat call.
decrypts the data in the specified byte array .
load the private key from the rsa file .
removes a listener from the list of registered listeners .
checks to see if the extension is supported .
check to see if the string ' s ' is not in " array.
clone a node or copy of the given node .
cleans up resources associated with this context.
initializes the " clean " login " .
splits the uri into shard list.
creates an inputstreamreader using the specified charset.
converts a image into a byte array.
add a vertex to the graph .
configures local services that are installed in the service .
returns the index starting at the specified index .
appends the given string to the output .
push a string onto the stack .
returns a string representation of this vector .
create a new meta data descriptor .
filters the years in the same year.
creates a new data provider object .
validates the form of the bean .
aborts the given document .
attempts to choose a formatted format pattern , based on the national number of leading and
fill picks from xml.
creates a copy of the field .
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero bytes.
this method casts the type of the xml object to its equivalent.
force a file to delete the exit.
initialize the step .
print an annotation editor .
adds a point to the graph .
obtain a configuration instance by loading the properties from the supplied reader .
adds the specified item to the end of the buffer .
add an annotation to the xml element .
reads a boolean from the source stream .
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names.
returns the ln function of the gamma function .
starts the ticker .
returns cipher suite with the specified id .
creates a pending action context .
create and show the given class markers for the given class name .
resolve a new " new " object " variable that matches the given class .
pick up an area from the list to bring up enough dimensions to bring up enough to the
verifies the log record for a given mac record .
copies the given transferable to the clipboard .
formats the given download number and returns the percent value .
update the enabled state of the buttons .
make a copy of the given collection and return a immutable instance.
adds the specified hex to the tracker.
parse string to text.
this method returns true if the node has been processed.
performs a power test on a single instance.
utility method for reading the quadgraph and traversing it .
generate crl from the given stream .
deletes the standard entity configuration under the realm .
returns singleton instance of datasourceviews .
builds a tag with the given string and colors .
helper method to load the xml definition definition.
get id of a request id.
uncompress compressed data.
read from monitored file .
closes this reader . this implementation closes the filtered reader .
compare the remaining chars of this buffer to another byte buffer ' s remaining characters .
writes the header of csv file.
aggregates the aggregate value .
parses a policy notification from an xml document .
flushes the journal to disk.
finds parcel object corresponding to the specified byte array .
decodes a field name from xml notation ( e.
checks whether the authentication is set .
adds a content item .
canonicalizes class name .
pause the specified number of milliseconds .
returns true if the edge is highlighted by the user .
prepares the job to prepare a job .
removes a wheelchangelistener from the wheel .
generates all fields in the class.
returns true if the vehicle is flying .
initializes this thread pool .
removes all regex patterns from a regular expression.
consumes the current scrolling view.
retrieve a list of ways to retrieve ways from the searchpoint .
releases all pending images.
returns the number of entries in this queue .
adds a value to this list .
closes the dialog . this method closes the dialog .
create a new media file.
adds a given parameter to this node .
creates a delete event from the json string .
check if the full copy is a full copy .
read a string in qd from the specified position.
determine whether the buffer is large enough to use the size of the buffer .
this method is used to reset the index for the query time.
overridden to create the admin response .
check external sdcard.
returns either the plural or singular form of the given noun , depending on the quantity ;
verify the signature of xml element.
add a video to the list .
determines if the specified coordinate is in the target touch zone for a horizontal bar handle
reads the transport systems.
checks that there are any nal characters that are prefix .
method to unix the main hash.
adds or adds a component in the form field .
returns the number of names in this object .
generate array of n d - dimensional points whose coordinates are integer values in the range 0
parses parameters of the given list of parameters .
adds a new http session token for a particular site .
deserialize distribution object from a string .
converts screen coordinates into pixels .
send a byte array of bytes.
push context onto the context stack .
picks the current bookmarkview with the current combo box , and sets the new tab as
reads and parses a file with the given encoding.
normalize an array of zeros.
adds a new location to the selection.
creates a new formatter object .
encodes a string into its base64 form using the specified string charset.
check if there are more paths to read .
is input column allowed.
convert hex string to rgb .
add a property change listener.
test for null or empty blob ( byte ).
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
subtract a negative number from zero .
restores the state of the map from the given file .
wait for the data to be ready.
fill an array with the values of a 4 - sample blackman - harris window with
calculates the cbc meta for the cbc block .
returns a hash code for this role object.
increments the number of received packets.
parse the sentence into a single sentence .
use the specified data directory .
called when a purchase is finished.
checks if the current rule part with the given text field is part of the prosodic type
convert a bigdecimal to bigdecimal string .
registers operators with the given name.
should be called before the action is done .
deletes sub group containers .
creates a new instance of a daemon.
initialize the compiler compiler.
this method opens an open dev browser.
send next message to the stream.
convert object to base64 string .
create image method from map.
add new profiles to the existing list of profiles.
tells whether the given string is a valid java identifier .
returns true if x2 is less than x2 , y , or 0 if x
moves a single node to the location .
create a list from passed objx parameters.
adds a macro record .
adds an email to the user.
returns the best hash provider for the given params .
read data from the specified size .
this function is used to update pairs in sort order.
read an entries from the file .
removes the item at the given position in the list.
encodes the given type parameters into the list , starting with the specified key.
clears the assertion information .
add operation results to the array to be returned .
generates the branch plan for the branch of the specified table .
add a switch port to the maintenance queue .
( since linux 3.
compares two other objects with this type .
returns true if this connection is awaiting the other .
tells the builder that a character range is valid .
returns true if the current script is enabled .
compares this elliptic curve for equality with the specified object .
returns the name of this entity.
returns the checksum for the given data .
checks if the given file is a skin object.
inserts the string representation of an object into this builder.
handles a mouse event by its location .
loads the unpacked um file.
disables the vma for the v3 storage volume .
computes the rhumbline at the end of the rhumbline with the given rh
finds the first element in the array .
returns the maximum dimensions required to display the container size .
reads the given input stream and returns it as a string.
increment the counter by a new value .
log expired lease .
removes a r of the r of a r of the r of this r.
write a string to the buffer .
gets all the records from the given topic .
tests whether some other object is " equal to " this one .
compare two version strings.
returns true if the vector is valid .
determine if the expression is ignable .
change length of loco.
removes the given child from the given parent.
notifies all registered observers for the given class .
generates a dup2 instruction .
returns true if the mime type is an application .
creates a new page for the given url.
throws a parse exception .
creates new form customeditor .
constructs a new instance .
create a epobox for the given single value type.
converts a field type to an object type.
adds the xml element to the output .
this method finds all content types of the specified context type.
creates a dictionary from an inputstream.
collapses a building of the specified building .
this method performs an asynchronous thrift call to detach from a vm.
utility method to read an error message from an npc message .
show the open tree .
persists a new profile .
adds an undo action to the undo stack .
converts the given array into a new ordered list .
adds the last ping data to the list .
encode into canonical form .
tears down the database .
returns a substring of a given string .
remove a custom sashform listener.
writes a string to a file using the default charset.
deletes all session variables in the database .
format this object as a string .
closes the stream and closes the buffer .
parses a string as an integer .
writes the entire resultset to a csv file.
and for two numbers of different signs and the same length.
verify that the given device exactly matches the given fields.
adds a window to the list of window rules .
returns a new intersection of the given iterator.
is this a ttf document ?.
registers the provider ' s basic macros.
constructs a new map with the specified initial capacity and load factor .
constructs an object with the given set of managed object types .
populate blob blob using the database .
constructs a sign from the given bit integer .
adds a near key .
analyzes all fields of the given class from the action .
checks if logging level is enabled.
creates and loads everything in the dialog .
runs the test case .
returns the critical message .
finds the name of the first table , which is editable .
creates the list of default operations files in the default place .
returns true if the current has a new follower .
called when the track point start.
fire a property change listener.
checks the given name for a given type .
sorts the fields in natural order .
draws the background of the plot .
adds an attribute name to the cache .
this method validates a deletevmresponse object , raising an exception if the response reflects an
runs the test case .
limits the maximum scale and x translation of the given matrix.
get the valuefactory .
creates a new instance of staterefonding with the passed jsonvalue .
add a new style id to the specified style.
extract client name from client id.
construct a futureaction from a completable.
returns whether the action is place or not .
this method adds a view to the cache .
reads the input stream into a byte array .
play a media file.
converts a string to utf - 8 encoding .
encode list of flags to indicate that flags are set .
adds a data source to the view.
adds a new value to the density table .
builds a panel for a given string .
parses the given date and returns the string .
checks whether the given group is a child of the given group.
throws an exception if the item at the specified position is wrong.
creates the next lococ info for the given source sequence .
callback for a global configuration change .
launch an email intent .
returns the number of samples .
inserts the specified element at the specified position in the list.
adds a translator from the given class .
writes a number of type long in little endian.
read line from the input .
determines if the argument is a valid regular expression.
write the grid to a file .
add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list.
adds a hook to the list of blocks .
executes a task in the caller ' s thread .
updates the range with the given coordinates .
returns true if the string is equal to the standard input string.
read config from the given file .
apply a trading bonus to the trading list.
returns all the text at the given url .
creates a new trace from the given trace list .
interrupt all the tasks which have been cancelled.
register all devices with the default device types .
removes the given swc dependencies from the given set of swc components .
draws the tick lines .
inserts the given list with the given parameters .
test de busqueda open ldap.
create a positive number from a string value and radix 10 .
this is used to determine if the specified character in the specified encoding is in the specified chars
deletes the entry under the directory .
removes all mark highlights.
queues successors from the next block of successors .
adds a new role to the list of roles.
creates a new panel object .
creates a new instance .
invoked when the response message has been received .
builds the latest index snapshots from the given map.
create the forum post .
returns true if this operation is blocked .
returns an attribute key for html tags.
data from the matlab .
get the tuple with the minimum data field value .
updates the enabled status of the input fields .
gets a string representation of the id .
reset the statistics cache .
test for default value .
remove an item at the given index .
shiftright ( int n ) , n > 0.
displays a filter dialog with the given filter list.
calculates the number of pixels between two points .
returns true if the form can be shown .
returns a git repo that matches the given url .
returns a vector2 containing the smallest x and y values .
adds a test method call .
serialize the tests .
verifies the blockmirror object against the old consistency group.
create a new formatter for logging.
remove a text listener.
create an idp element .
clears the buffer .
applies the camera to the given camera .
creates a point table .
add the volume to the vwfs list if the current volume is not already added ,
creates a new temporary file in the temporary directory .
partition annotations from a set of targets.
reloads the current file from the disk.
checks if the player has reached its amount of traffic .
resolves the name relative to the current path.
sets up the tool tip text for the tool .
decode the encoded string into an array .
call this when you want to know the new location.
the bitmap of ignored signals , displayed as a decimal number.
generates a random seed .
renders the given value .
stop the sampling.
reverse the given points.
creates a new dsigncsr dialog .
initialize a system factory using system properties.
waits for completion of the worker .
keeps a double value within the range [ 0.
parse the volume directory into a host container .
formats a time into a string .
returns an array containing all of the elements in this vector in the correct order .
returns a string of the given width.
appends all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this list , in
updates this application state with the relevant information .
returns a byte array containing utf8 bytes in a byte array .
turns a binding list into a map .
validates that the label contains a label .
adds a message observer .
updates the string with the specified initial character .
converts a byte to hexadecimal string .
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
returns a normal vector of uniform distribution .
called by the native code.
returns true if subname is known.
compute and return the source text.
checks if the id is stored in the store.
calculates the number of files in a given directory .
returns true if the locini bit is in the search bit set.
constructs a new age file filter for files with the given period and a default number of
calculate the major tick tick .
returns the next row from the query .
stores a sample for a given sample .
set two nodes in the order .
converts the swf html to a swf response.
writes the given class file into a file .
creates a new connection for the given peer .
returns a vector that contains the same objects as the vector .
notify listeners about version changes.
accept the drop operation.
removes all the results from the query .
returns a string representation of this mapper .
this method attempts to handle a modification of a file in a directory.
has the user chosen to import from a jkcs8 file ?.
runs the flow graph , creating an abstract flow graph and then execute the class hierarchy .
checks whether an engine is valid or not.
asserts that two doubles are equal concerning a delta.
calculates the value of d ( s ) for the extremal index of the dim
loads the properties from the specified file .
replace all occurrences of the pattern with the specified pattern .
list of service name and value pairs.
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of this stream
the object implements the readexternal method to restore its contents by calling the methods of
creates an item label generator using default number formatters .
constructs a vector2d with the specified vector and y values .
returns an adjusted power of 10 , depending on how many values have been applied for this
removes all columns from this map .
is last invoice costing method.
sets the proxy port .
fetches the cluster name from the given string .
helper http function to get list of my service cards.
creates a new dgeneratekeypair dialog .
samples migration events on a single - line migration between two colours .
this is used to determine if the object is an attribute.
decode the ascii string .
this method cannot be called directly .
removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list.
transfers a node in sync queue , waiting for a node after a node with a
creates an intent to show content .
creates and returns an updater for objects with the given field .
converts the data into a map .
[ < rn > , + / - < rm > , lsr # < shift
create a row specification.
returns the first layer , where this item is the first other.
removes an item from the stack .
save the indexes to the clients.
add an item in the list.
executes the given command in the server .
expands the given repository to the given location.
moves the next token from the matcher .
saves the validity status of the registry to the expiration validity.
write the extension to the deroutputstream .
create a cluster in the specified project .
returns a new instance corresponding to the given int value .
runs the test case .
write string without escaping .
adds a record to the record .
calculates the hash value for this header .
adds the property type to the property set .
assert that two objects are equal .
write the actions of the specified object to a string .
subclasses must override this method to perform any interrupting operation on the thread.
encodes a byte array into base 64 format and breaks the output into lines .
simulates the query for a specific query.
rllong protected helper method to read 64 bits.
shiftright ( int n ) , n > 0.
builds dependencies from a dex file .
builds the response for the specified tenant .
asserts that the specified text associated with the given text field with the given name .
for each node in the list , interpolating the result in a list.
initializes the stream tokenizer .
throws an error message from the state model.
runs all worker threads .
reads current field from the object.
lock the file channel .
open a datagram socket.
returns a string describing this filter .
executes the given script .
disables a specific feature for this feature .
removes a zwave listener from this controller .
gets the python time in milliseconds .
adds the specified items to the array .
quote a java keyword .
initialize a recipe from the given cursor .
throws an error to the state of the given expression .
adds all tables to a table .
is the lock currently locked ?.
( since linux 3.
try to find a class object , or create it if necessary .
resets the notes state .
set ticks for a specified ticker .
writes data to file .
populate the navigation drawer with the appropriate data .
runs the test case .
converts to object array .
record call for call back.
compute the mean of all elements in the array .
constructs the nt time based on the given date / delta .
selects all media types that match the given exchange.
paints the specified component .
increases the capacity to ensure that it can hold at least the specified number of elements ,
invalidates the contents of the bytebuffer and deletes it again .
add a directory to the classpath .
check if mineshafter is present.
tests this renderer for equality with an arbitrary object .
returns true if the given node has a child of this node.
deletes an item at the specified index.
counts the number of css properties .
prints a string followed by a newline .
checks the current user ' s permissions against the given object .
display all strings in the text and the string.
this function creates an intent to add the map of urls to the map of urls
generates parameters from the filter .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image , removing prior
removes an attribute from the list .
extracts a method signature from a class signature .
paints a preview of the image with the specified parameters.
opens the camera and starts sending the camera.
removes all the data from the list .
partition a list of integers into a single value .
updates window & lt ; display window & gt ; | gt ; |
clear all the results.
returns the list of widgets in the specified container.
print symbol data for the given text .
makes a shoppingcartitem and adds it to the cart.
returns a string representation of the distribution.
updates the title text .
adds classes to the set of classes .
resets the references from the client .
decode a m_polician integer from the given byte offset.
this method cannot be called directly .
sorts the keys in the specified mapping.
parses , validates and computes normalized version of gmonth object.
add a serial message to the queue .
convert a query string to its id .
write a single short .
prints a long followed by a newline .
instantiates a new thrift service metadata .
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height , and
constructs an invalidation exception .
check status of a block.
initializes the layers from the url .
returns true if any of the dns message is suppressed .
create a properties from a map .
get the first node matching a query .
returns a stringarray containing the properties as a string.
compares two local localized locale objects.
convenience method to load a result set from a database .
tries to add a source entry from the list if it is not null .
compares this data object with another .
end a transaction associated with the given connection.
creates a new panel object .
double the capacity of this vector.
change the openam for openam.
returns the full url , or a fully - qualified base url .
loads and adds the manifest as a jar .
converts the given set of type references to the original type.
adds a column at the specified index .
readdata - serialize the message from the input stream .
remove a display from the display .
returns the next gaussian distribution .
fire all event listeners.
updates the address of a contact in the request header .
create a new instance of android http client .
adds entry to the local cache .
add the edge ' s state for the route .
test for b - no solutions.
tries to delete a file or error if it was failed .
removes the maximum value at the specified index .
add a group member to the user .
constructs a new logger instance .
increment the value of a bin .
throws an exception if the given expression is not an error .
set all fields in the given map from this document .
returns true if the string contains the given match in case - insensitive case .
compute the median deviation in the array .
this method initialises the supplied plugins .
stop the current session.
sets the property of the keepal value .
creates a new upload request to the user ' s video.
unwrap a proto message from a checkedmessage .
creates the multicast socket.
this method is called to check the selected subset meta data.
validates if there is no topic.
creates a new buffer input stream from the given input stream.
returns the next member of the specified type .
encode the line suffix into the output stream.
get current system font .
this method will add the given url to the list of url strings .
set all fields from this document .
creates a new instance .
create a root block view.
creates soap message .
step through all enum operations .
returns the uri .
test for wildcard encoding.
determines if the given file is in the target directory .
moves this cursor forward until any character in the specified character sequence of characters .
removes all of the elements from this list .
performs node offset from tail .
returns a phone object with the specified value .
returns a list of resources associated with the resourcebundle .
returns a set of remote copies for the remote pools associated with the remote pools .
escape special characters in the html string .
adds a new lock at the given position .
evaluates the uf1 problem .
reloads the property change .
converts move to ui .
creates an acceleration image that is associated with the given width and height.
display the state of this object .
writes given string to given writer.
ensure the internal array ' s capacity .
decrement the refcount of this index.
converts x500principal to x500principal.
compares the description of the given resource.
utility method to query whether the type is a flat array.
build the limited networks list .
evaluate rn from the rp stack.
adds all xy series to the list .
main usage of the program .
compares this term to the specified term.
merge this edge with another .
generates the inner class tag.
flush any pending xml content .
initializes the configuration view .
construct a extended extended type .
validates that the new path is a new operation to be added.
start the mock thread .
undoes the last operation .
removes a column from the table .
string representation of the histogram.
peek a single buffered output from the output buffer .
helper function to scan the blocks scanned by the query.
returns the hash code of the subcondition .
balance segment of segments .
creates a drawer which is an item of the given model .
does this user have any user partitions .
inserts a string into the text area .
reads the next codepoint in the stream .
put an integer value into the specified byte array position.
creates a new item .
description of the method.
consume and consume the amount of remaining bits.
adds an inner join clause .
encodes a string into an array of files .
retrieves and removes an element from the queue , waiting if necessary until an element with
add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
returns the number of patterns contained in this pattern .
writes an integer to the given output stream .
add two negative numbers of the same length.
add an option to the header .
store the data in the object.
appends the pointer to the given pointer to the given pointer .
sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order .
returns a string representation of the map .
retrieves the last element in the list.
sleeps specified number of milliseconds .
returns the index of the first node in the list.
determines whether a given set of modifiers implies package access .
writes the gathered data tab - separated into a text file .
instantiates a new managed window .
writes a byte array to the output stream.
logs the given message .
send update notifications to listeners.
returns whether or not a rebal value can be aborted .
converts the specified file or directory to the underlying file name .
given a string and replace the properties as a template .
scale the current font of a component.
draws a conten rectangle with the given color .
save a certificate to a file.
clears the current list of listeners.
invokes the specified parameterless method if it exists .
returns true if the line is below this point .
description of the method.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
tells whether this packet is a stor.
executes the message on the keyboard .
check if a bean is needed.
clear the given context map .
creates and loads a logical table with the given names.
read data from the stream .
add a new subscription to the list of new subscription .
creates an instance of x.
creates a process from an xml string .
creates an instance of consfactory.
builds a regular expression valid for a qualifier value .
utility function to shorten a name of a string.
blends two color by the given weight .
( since linux 3.
algorithms the ui feel .
convert a image to a bufferedimage.
reads an array from the json string .
returns the list of all available nodes in the given terminal.
removes the specified sensor selection listener .
writes a single character .
test that the classloader is using a dexer .
register a new cache manager for the given time .
makes a sql time from java .
initializes the keystore .
converts the given image data to native binary image data .
removes all folder markers from folder stacking.
discards the specified object from this registry.
returns true if the final state is a final state .
generate the number of scale markers for a particular protein definition by parsing the number of proteins
write a figtree block .
returns a hash code value for this font definition.
compares this map with another .
receive notification of the dtd .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image , removing prior
cleans up the database .
create a new template exception .
compresses a string to a zlib .
loads the mime file into mime - type map.
report the start of an element .
method to convert a timestamp string to a valid timestamp.
encode bytes to a string .
prints a double followed by a newline .
returns a string representation of this ip address .
determines if the specified zk is in zk.
perform a database operation on the given database .
creates the hash code for this uri.
returns a new instance of this fragment for the given section number .
imports the trl file from the trl table .
creates a new resultfile from a given file.
this method is called when the socket failed.
checks if the given identifier should be excluded .
returns true if the connection has a protocol error.
check if this network is reliable .
add an output to the stack.
get the max value plus one for a short.
support for reporting bound property changes.
generates a string representing the value for the given identifier.
creates the database entities required for the storage policy testing .
creates a page containing the given parameters .
adds a element to a map.
saves boot up the boot property if it exists .
appends the current value to the given file .
write timestamp in binary format .
returns the distance between two strings.
translates all the text in a text string .
deletes the given file .
return a path for a mark .
initializes the disk based on the specified root directory.
create a new tcp client.
cut the selected bean for the selected bean.
register a remer for a remotion .
invoked when an action occurs .
adds a new entry .
ensures that the size of the children can hold .
constructs a new instance of ui bits.
prints an integer to a string .
render the handler for the given component .
constructs the database name for the given namespace.
registers a new selector .
multiply two negative numbers of the same length.
handle the follower info from a stream .
executes a raw sql query and returns the result set .
current nanoseconds in nanoseconds .
make a new instance .
send a request to the server .
returns true if the string is null or 0 - length .
enables the dependency of the given capability.
extracts the current state variables from the current stack trace and updates the state of the
add an integer to the config.
maps the beginning of the first character to a full width .
test that two collections contains the same elements .
checks if a response message contains a body .
gets number of available in process.
adds a double to the database.
returns true if the delay has been made .
move the cursor to the next word.
handles a startup event if it is a distribution or creating a new instance if it is
deletes all the volumes in the zoningobject.
shuts down the test writer.
implements the icon interface .
sets the zoom image to the specified size .
list of a channel.
determines whether a file is hidden or not .
determine if the scroll view is scrolled .
load a jar file.
initiates the title sort order .
adds a new row at the head of the table .
create a jar using the given file contents.
navigate to specified day.
searches for the linked hash to the list .
closes database connection to the database .
add details about a specific message item .
adds a color map listener.
compute p ( p_dist distances ) .
appends the given suffix to the given suffix , if it ' s not already in the
get all the file systems .
creates a new externalproblem object from an external inputstream.
checks if the network name exists.
adds a query predicate that matches this predicate .
adds all faces to the rolling box .
returns true if the user option matches the user options .
close given closeable object .
push an encrypted message onto the queue .
get an integer between min and max ( inclusive ) .
test that striter is closed after the writer is closed .
pushes a drawlist of p_draws into the stack .
populates tasklist from a set of tasks.
get the tuple with the minimum data field value .
returns the tip text for this property.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
start scrolling based on a fling gesture.
adds a listener that is notified about changes in the graph .
close the given stream.
calculate the cost of the criterion ( i.
returns a list with the specified data array.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
send a log message .
expands the given string as a number string .
compares two strings for equality .
helper function to generate clusters.
checks if a set of rules are allowed by this director .
stops the listening connection .
if the user ' s uri is a valid base uri.
free a message cache .
compares this builder to the specified string ignoring case .
convert a uuid value to a long.
add a vm argument .
apply a field visitor to a given field .
compareto ( biginteger a ).
this test verifies that the screen reaches a snapshot of the image taken from the test in
unlinks all target volumes from a snapshot session.
returns a reverse sequence of the seq.
creates a path traversal.
read a line of text.
adds the given items to the scene .
returns the url of the application page .
checks if taxonomy has a taxonomy term .
removes the listener from the list .
replace a class node with another .
handles save button request .
removes the smallest value that is greater than the given subtree .
atomically removes all of the elements from this deque.
method called when a progress item is complete.
creates a tree node with the given value .
constructs a time instance , based on the supplied date / time and the default time zone
creates a code attribute .
initializes a binary output stream from a file .
reads a class descriptor from the input stream .
create a new file , if it does not exist .
or for zero and one.
executes a sql statement with the specified values .
creates a new instance of saml2 configuration from the given list of certs.
ensures that a string is not null .
cancel all named tasks currently running.
returns the minimum and maximum values .
create and return a criteria .
unescapes a character identified by the character or characters that immediately follow a backslash
updates the given auth query parameters on an auth1 request to the given auth header and
add spaces around spans until the text is fixed , and then removes the necessary spaces.
removes all bookmarkicons from the tracker .
construct a new metric group .
returns true if the point is inside the rectangle.
load the protocols from the given class loader.
returns a list of all loopback addresses .
calculate the sample size for the raster.
returns true if the given status contains the given status .
returns a string representation of this set .
computes the pf - sha - 1 digest for the specified secret data .
adds the channel map .
adds the specified object to the priority queue .
associates the resource with the specified key.
parses a uid range from a string .
replaces specified value with suffix.
submit a task that has been completed.
create the navi directory.
method to handle update button.
translates a class file into a class file .
get an iterator over the targets.
set the content of the current content to fit the scrolled content area .
return a hash code for this object .
build a map from pool id index to pool.
creates new dsystemcryptostrength dialog where the parent is a dialog .
creates a separator .
adds the specified object at the end of the array .
adds the results to a collection .
this method creates the signature and returns the signature .
and for two positive numbers ; the first is longer.
writes array of bytes to the buffer .
launches an intent for the given file .
converts a string to a sql date object.
get the closest int to the given value.
creates a new plaintext component with the given short.
creates a copy of the given parameters .
create the change changes.
defines a new block .
check if file is writable.
returns the id of this object .
writes the field to the output .
skip a number of bytes.
append a char to the string buffer .
returns the hash code of the object.
computes a cramer decomposition of the given matrix .
find all crossings between two points.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
creates a new repository location with the given string .
add a property to the carbon property .
creates the delta from the given delta.
returns the title of the receiver .
returns the size of this map .
replace all occurrences of a substring within a string with another string .
determines if a coordinate is in the specified zone.
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a new label reader from the given reader .
parses a double safely , returning a double if possible .
registers an application id from the database .
put a profile into the database.
prints the given character .
creates the workspace view .
clear all caches of the given secret id .
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog .
parse a list of int [ ] tuples , returning null strings .
creates new instance of fileexception .
routine to generate an array of capacities .
parse a sip header from a string .
helper method to convert an srgb color to an rgb integer .
record the beginning of this module.
rotate point c around center point c .
returns true if the given word is pronounceable .
creates a splitedges with all edges of the given splitpoint .
instantiates a new io .
constructs a memory cache .
updates the maxwidth of the max width of the page.
enable overview of the overview button.
handle a mouseexited event.
fetches a collection of the page in the given collection .
makes the visitor visit the annotation.
adds ids to the query.
stops the given monitor .
normalizes the request url into a proper string .
implements the hssian implementation .
commits the commit of a local transaction .
adds an object class to this entry .
populate area list .
reads a name from the stream.
returns a new string with the given character .
convert a log probability to a logarithm if the probability is less than the
notify that the queue is not empty .
fill the tree with the given tree .
returns the number of nodes in the tree .
add a host to the blacklist list.
add node to a list of nodes.
overridden to avoid exposing implementation details .
returns the gamma function .
add new entry to the db.
translate the current transform to the current transform.
write the object to a file .
writes the given amount of spaces to the given output stream .
compute the relative overlap of two spatialcomparables .
handles the auto - draw button .
helper method that will try to load at least specified number bytes in input buffer.
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send .
sorts the specified method descriptors.
parse a property list from a string .
returns true if the given annotation is present in the package .
builds the tooltip for a node .
removes an item click listener.
determines the position of the selected items .
pad a string to the given length by adding spaces to the left .
finds all rules matching the specified symbol name .
check if given class is cache - safe.
saving method . ( see nbt_tag ).
create a part from the encoded and decoded strings.
creates the epochmonth object based on the current year.
convert a descriptor into an internal name of an internal descriptor .
registers a subscription with the specified mbean .
checks correctness of the state after unmarshalling .
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from
asynchronously perform a stream reduction.
convert from the type used by the native accessors to the type used by reflection access
registers a builder with the specified company name .
copy the node to the reil code .
get the overridden copy of the media type .
reads the contents of a reader into a string.
compute the similarity between two lanes .
forces the overflow to the current value .
searches for the first occurrence of the specified string.
method to prepare instruction operand with given parameters.
divide and conquer brownian bridge.
returns the version of the given document type id .
merges two coordinates into list.
prints an integer to standard output and flushes standard output .
clears the selected text from the receiver .
handles save button request .
builds the description panel .
creates a new httpclientclient .
constructs a pss cipher using the specified parameters .
decodes a single text field .
returns the set of values from the provided collection .
whether the stack is running on a zwave model.
converts the given string to a normalized version of charset .
returns lowest node in range .
returns the number of attributes .
creates a new polyline .
return the unsigned value as an unsigned byte array .
compute the length of a set of control points.
determine the drop action from the mouse event.
adds a variable to set to the clause .
set the value to " true " field.
creates the icon markers .
test if a network connection has an access listener to this connection .
assigns the given subscriber to the thread that will be assigned to the given ui
validates the dynamic attributes .
check if given instance is a type of a given object.
init alarmlistener.
adds a command to the menu bar .
connects to the gatt server hosted on the bluetooth le device .
compute density of a normal distribution.
draws a shape from the shape.
tears down the query .
loads a list of uri strings from an inputstream.
atomic update the given value .
creates the key for equality with the given node .
converts a collection to a string using a specified separator .
decode a base64 string into a byte array.
remove premouse from premove .
clearbit ( int n ) the zero.
stop the auto stop .
encode the name to the stream .
makes sure that the data is dirty .
returns the list as a list.
removes the given http connection from this connection .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
splits a prefix into the given string .
converts a string to a long.
sample the standard deviation of a sample standard error.
load policy info with policyqualifiers .
run a script from a reader.
finds the first markersegment in the given class .
removes the specified values from this filter .
resets the state of this object .
deletes item at index.
save the content and save it.
adds a new message to the given uri.
subscribes to a printstream asynchronously.
calculate a nice number based on a range.
copies a header from a request.
sends a metric to the track .
set all fields in the given acceptable document .
find the specified resource within the base class loader .
renders the epl expression in textual representation .
checks whether the specified index is set .
creates a new stat archive .
initialize the adb server socket .
reads a block from a given file .
checks whether the specified tag name matches any of the tag .
shutdown the database .
returns true if the given row is expanded .
returns the index of the first label in a string .
add a listener to the animator .
creates a new http method info .
tests two byte arrays for equality .
the graphical representation of the text.
update the current races with the current race list .
indicates whether the required parameter is required.
called to send a data receiver to the receiver .
print out this object to the specified output stream .
creates a set from the map.
removes all biomes of this type from the list of biomes allowed to generate.
calculate the requirements of tiled layout.
converts an integer to a string , prepended with a variable amount of ' 0 '
creates a new ldap filter using the provided filter set .
send a blob value to the java.
defines the axis labels.
creates a new interval set containing the given interval.
drops a string representing the equivalent gstring using the regular expression .
adds the node to the list .
print text in console .
reset the array to zero .
divide a list of numbers by sub - indices.
asserts that all threads are in the same time , ensuring that they are not in the
instantiates a new worker manager .
call when message is received .
inserts a via p_trace of p_trace.
method used to determine if the threshold has been threshold or not .
converts a string to a byte array.
get the maximum length of the items in this font.
write a portion of an array of characters .
rounds this point to the nearest point on this point , so that if it is not
determines the proxy to use in the specified host.
adds the source to the reference list.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list in correct order .
returns whether the dispatcher is running.
decrypt a vcf file .
registers a user with the given username and password .
creates a new select - clause from the given names.
test verifies that the specified base class is compatible with the given base class.
get the set of strings from a template model.
constructs a keystore from a stream.
writes the given location .
get the offset of a vtable.
evaluates the xpath expression to a given xpath expression .
convert the arksbase headers into an armeria library .
calculates the average amount of rs of rs.
initialize the shader program .
checks if the alias entry contains the given alias .
invert the current model ( i.
float value of a negative bigdecimal.
binds the keystore to the trust store .
draws the connector positions for all connections in the grid center .
determine if a given handle is a branch .
loads the trust manager from the trust store .
determines if the current element is in the current document.
instantiates a new thread pool .
invokes the given method if it exists .
clears the hierarchy .
adds a helper text color to the list of helper text colors .
move the next minute to the next minute .
creates a list of tokensstream that uses the given attribute token source .
resolve a class from a stream.
parse the map for the source and get rules .
finds the index in a byte [ ] from a key , where the first occurrence of
adds a synthetic edge to the graph .
add a list of states.
readobject is called to restore the state of the socketpermission from a stream .
retries regkeyex ( ) max_attempts times before giving up .
add task to task.
initialize the compute shader .
sort the values in this list.
creates an object from a byte buffer .
generate group name based on policy and group name.
asserts that the given result set of column types match the given class metadata.
creates a new action group .
add a new row to the list .
push binary data to the last term.
construct a numeric literal from the specified object .
atomically sets the headnode to the current node .
removes all dependency kinds .
creates a new , empty map with the specified number of entries.
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection via the named
skips all whitespace characters from the specified reader.
get an enumeration of all the attribute attributes .
extracts a map of strings from the given string .
creates a new priority queue that contains the elements of the specified collection.
gets the full resource id .
initialize the initialization.
converts the characters in a char sequence to a normalized string .
perform a schema file with the default schema name to be updated with the same namespace as
returns true if aborted .
puts a key / value pair into the array , optimizing for the case where the key
skip all bytes in the input stream .
parses the test data from a file.
prints a boolean to standard output and flushes standard output .
create shared shared memory .
close the database connection .
creates a new version object with the given qualifier.
perform a signed 16 bit load.
convert a byte array to a hexadecimal string .
unregister a baggage baggage handler .
constructs a heatmap dataset with default values.
compares two objects in order .
set the text buffer and add it to the buffer .
returns the annotation function for the given annotation .
parse a list of expression.
adds the given section to the list of tickmark sections .
calculate the q function of the query .
flushes the internal buffer .
removes a character from the buffer.
add a plotter to the graph.
utility for ceiling , floor , lower , lower , or lower .
add a new speed listener .
finds the index within the specified range of characters .
generates an action from the specified fault.
tests if a string contains whitespace characters .
decodes a base64 encoded string using the specified decoder .
validates the validation rules.
adds the values to the specified array .
convenience method for listing all members in a database.
compute the derivative of the function.
add a long value to the request .
compares two objects using the specified object .
adds an actionlistener to the listeners list.
calculates the rectangle for the index .
subtract two doubles from this field.
returns a string representation of this attribute .
returns the offset of a class in a field .
send a warning log message .
gets the first element of this element .
handles actions from within the property panel .
javax . net . ssl . sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer
moves a server instance from a server .
creates an instance of a class .
pops a type from the type stack .
creates a msrp session.
create the forum post .
draws the specified graphic to the specified location .
invoked when the component has been resized .
description of the method.
change the label value.
writes bytes to the underlying stream .
update point and end point .
closes the join queue .
return the value of slide based on the passed view.
create a http request wrapper.
converts the panel x axis to the screen coordinate .
forwards request to server .
get primary keys for a table.
reads long as little endian .
turns the prefix to a prefix.
adds a new record .
schedules this send task .
waits until the given node matches the given predicate .
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array , with the given string
finds an object binding .
initialize the compute shader .
determines whether a successful submission was completed.
center set of nodes on top of the list.
append text to the body .
called when the selection state of the given instance has been changed .
constructs a new instance .
undoes the last undo operation .
check if wifi is running.
flush the internal buffer .
returns true if this extension is empty .
reads from a file .
extracts musicid from mediaid.
verify identity ( ) returns the identity scope.
builds the first parameter of the given method from the given method annotations .
returns true if the given cell contains the specified cell.
creates a new noise generator using the specified random .
converts to primitive array .
process all new lines .
initialize the lookup table.
returns a string representation of this constraint .
readdata - - initialize the registers of the given din.
adjusts the indentation level for a given delta .
retrieves the current capacity of the map .
deals with a code string .
get a random string.
unit test verifies that the index should be re - adjusted .
searches for files with relative to the given path .
tells whether the extension is supported or not.
formats the given double value .
loads the jvm properties from the jvm parameters.
returns true if the session is active .
tests whether view can be modified .
parses a human - friendly representation of an amount .
creates a new element .
modifies the given file .
this method reads the population .
tests the configuration for the options.
calculates the lon distance from a lat / lon location .
called when the size of the view has changed.
removes a turntable instance from the caret .
the end of an element .
convert an image to a matrix of image.
instantiates a new file system .
gets the current queue size .
constructs a new dsubjectchooser dialog .
destroy all the scenes .
adds the mitrejoin segment to the mitrenegation segment .
discards any characters of the base64 alphabet from the given base64 string , so that
multiply two numbers of different scales.
limit length of lease duration .
extracts the cookie path from the given path .
format a double as a string .
creates a new instance .
generates a unique id for the specified oid .
adds an attribute to the cache .
read a policy entry from the stream .
inject the volume information from the given volumeinfo instance .
this is called by the adapter from recyclerview.
loads the specified file.
tries to simulate an input stream .
returns the hash code .
creates a new queryquery using the specified field .
create a subject object .
makes sure the capacity and size of the vector can accomodate the given index.
prepares the command line with appropriate arguments .
loads a hex image from the given hex.
triangulate a set of points.
encode a byte array using base64 encoding.
writes out a source object for a java field.
read this object from a stream .
parses the rdf data from the given reader .
extracts the destination statement from the database .
converts escaped characters to their escaped version .
add a file to the classpath.
inserts new items at the specified index in the array.
adds a new integer value to the list.
return the major version buffer for the major version number.
parses source definition .
creates the data from the specified digest .
set the request ' s status.
returns the tmp journal that is suitable for this journal.
creates an instance of the given dimension class.
plays each items in the animation.
prints an error message.
get the statistics for this request .
apply the l1 - 1 - 1 - 1 - 1 - 1 - 1 - 1
this method cannot be called directly .
returns all the text at the given url .
loads move participants from an element.
determines the preference vector for each node .
paint the disabled state .
flipbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
processes an incoming user.
returns true if there are more events .
extract xmp metadata from inputstream .
initializes the given validator object .
apply cross - over operation to bayesnet calculate bayesnet score and sets bayes
resets the state to its initial state .
create a perspective perspective .
calculate the phi - squared error .
returns the descriptor for the given type .
encode the body of the element .
adds the expected token type .
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate2 ( ) . updates values in one column in the
test for setcolumns ( ).
check if this type is assignable from the given type .
method used to insert a penalty based on the demand.
loads the samples from the byte buffer.
executes maintenance service request .
times and records the event .
checks if the specified bytecode version string represents a jdk 1.
a simpler form of mapping definition.
finds the given template file within the given path .
initializes the disk based on the specified root directory.
adds a circularprogressviewlistener to this view .
creates a new site .
renders the given glyph values .
resets the variables in the list .
frees the current thread pool .
deletes all the tables.
finds a pet category by id.
adds a default session token for a particular site .
create a new exchange for the given request .
compute the discard amount based on the risk of the discard value .
converts unix time to file time .
encrypts the given plain text with the given key.
removes the given address from this user.
ensures correct size of the widget .
fire an end element .
check if the product is migrated to the application .
returns all the text in the history .
formats the given message with the given arguments .
this method parses the given utterance and removes the prosodic settings .
create a folder at the given path.
translates the matrix to the correct position.
create text for a horizontal bar text .
add the protocol type to the list of protocols.
returns a string representation of the header .
adds the key to the list .
load configuration from the specified resource .
writes a message to the file .
draws the title on a java.
construct a public key from its encoding .
gets the number of hits in the query .
convenience method for testing a expression .
add an http header .
perform an asynchronous maximum operation.
writes a character followed by a newline .
test whether an empty record is valid .
commits data for this instance .
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate2 ( ) . updates values in one column in the
extracts a indent string for a given indentation.
does the work of getting the path .
tries to find a status match for a given status line.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_down , result is negative ; distance =
create a plain text from a string using a given charset.
slide the panel horizontally .
adds all items to the drawer .
test whether to log ' finest '.
resets the stack state .
returns the cosine of the argument .
method to extract the data from the standard byte array.
creates a new session id based on the provided data .
create a new cardinaline spline by the given points.
returns true if the sequence matches the sequence that matches the queue.
compares two comparable objects.
returns true if the user has superuser .
adds an expression to the expression .
syncs the specified rest api request.
tries to find a component by name.
returns whether a fingerprint class is a fingerprint of a fingerprint class.
writes an int field value .
extracts the keys of a column from the line.
draws a rhumb line .
converts a dictionary list of dictionary entries into a new list .
creates an instance of a class from the given name .
generate the derived key from the provided bytes.
tests that finalizer can be run after finalization.
show the keyguard object .
returns the size of a string based on the current font.
determines if the event is a valid event and checks to see if it has a
handle the actionlistener interface.
converts a local date to a string.
create a data source metadata .
returns an email address with the specified value .
instantiates a new address lookup .
add a change listener .
create a node object .
creates a new cell .
puts a new element at the given name .
constructs a new format object from the given string.
compares this interval with the specified interval .
if the relative url is relative to the base uri , return the relative url.
starts the update task .
creates a new journal index .
close the plog file.
parses the first consonant .
create a new buddy panel .
executes the given java.
check if the thread is interrupting the thread .
helper method to list all gpu values.
adds a new action request .
check whether the given object is a java date .
converts the config to a string .
builds a quadr from the given points.
heapify - up - up - up for - heapify.
inserts a key into the tree .
unlock to allow both puts .
checks if the extension is a subdirectory .
write the constant to the output stream.
initialize the properties to be used by the server .
add a network listener .
appends content prefix to buffer.
add an error listener.
validates a class name .
imports the base type of the given module .
builds the matrix from the current node .
record a file system event .
creates a core token service exception .
creates new dviewcsr dialog where the parent is a dialog .
computes dynamic directory for dynamic java.
normalize the number by inserting the characters into the string .
skips the vector at the given index .
removes the organization configuration .
removes a group listener .
constructs a set - label mapping from the given source .
extract the key from a name.
determine the space between two fingers.
transforms key and value pairs into map .
constructs a componentmanager for the given seed sequence.
clears the observer list .
un - synchronize a byte array.
calculates the general access key of generic fields .
create a message to capture the specified entity .
unzips bytes from an input array .
insert an item into the combo box.
pauses this coroutine to block until there is one of another coroutine in the loop
checks to see if the error in python - line is in the input string .
converts a number to a string .
convert a string ( string ) into a map of url strings.
returns a set view of the keys contained in this map.
initializes the audio stream.
instantiates a new propagation object .
instantiates a new native program .
returns an indentation with the given height.
reduces a given calendar object to a different time zone .
append a prefix if it exists.
returns a list of points in a list ofoints , where the list is not
trims specified string to the specified length.
schedule timer pool.
decrypts the data in the specified byte array .
logs the operating system information .
before the end of the tag , do nothing.
returns a hash of the input string .
generates the native guid format as storagesystem + protocol.
tests whether a servlet with a jsp file with the name and a servlet with
compares two values for equality .
write an error message.
remove an event listener.
returns a new execution system for the given uri .
indicates if this command is a command token .
send the report to the client .
returns true iff the given prefix starts with one of the prefixes .
test sort of datatype.
handle a mouse click event .
formats sql string into a sql query string .
draws the border around the content border .
analyzes the entire event results.
executes a sql update .
returns the current thread in milliseconds .
creates a new entry from the provided lines of ldif .
clears all parser highlights .
read a short , 16 bits.
formats a given value into an array of bytes .
append a character array to the buffer .
determines whether the user has a permission given a user .
check if an entity is an annotation.
returns true if the given basic block represents a basic block handling of this exception.
calculates the value of the checksum.
returns the label for this property.
creates a new block block object .
install normal by user.
create the insert and remove the item list .
read outline information from the pdf file .
decode the number of runs in a run number.
reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte [ ] .
creates a new instance of the global parameter constraint.
inflate a overlay from overlay configuration string .
returns a hash of the given seed using the given seed and size .
instantiates a new dex loader .
returns true if the source file has been modified .
performs the flip operation for the back buffer .
load value from property string value.
gets all the names of the soap node .
draws the given hook inside the scene .
convert bitmap to byte array.
responds to the continue button .
send a pff packet.
resets the display id state .
copies all the files in the directory.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
records the recording data .
loads a rewrites from a string .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
called when a connection is close .
handle a http request.
create a negative number from an array of bytes.
formats the given double value .
remove the collection of positions.
resets the bounds of the rectangle .
attempts to parse colour string .
get the rank rank .
executes a random modifiable variable.
save the given content to a file.
deletes the old file .
flush the unisolated connection.
convert a jpeg image to an rgb image.
this method is invoked whenever the object is marked as an object is being visible .
changes the event topic from the event topic .
returns the match result .
creates a list of constraints from the given jar .
decodes a quoted - printable string into its original form.
copies the content of this object to a new extent .
returns the loader for the class .
helper method to handle a stroke style .
convert a color to an angle in radians .
parses an encoded size string and returns the normalized size .
encodes an encoded query parameter .
create image link with text.
creates a new namespace instance .
atomically decrements by one the current value .
updates the scene with the current vertex data .
removes all the elements from the list .
locks the put lock .
clears the cache . deletes all cached files from disk .
updates the podcast url with the latest publication version .
remove the specified ui from the list of uuids.
makes the object immutable .
produces a precal query that has the specified distance .
returns a set of positions that items will be removed before the current position in the list
add the specified id to the buffer .
creates a new available migration with this version .
called when a comment is created.
draws an image for a given transform.
sets the title of the activity to display .
select all the items in the dataset .
adds a parameter with the specified name .
returns the size of this set .
like datainputstream . readint except little endian .
returns the list of the address options for the given shop type .
add a pause listener .
makes the object immutable.
adds a component to the end of the list .
opens a ui file.
called when the line in the text area in the background .
constructs a bytebandedraster with the given samplemodel.
initializes this uri with the given parameters .
unlock the last element , if present .
this method checks if a refresh notification has been registered for the given client .
reads and returns the output of the process .
fills the header and footers .
adds an operand to this operand .
calculate the total amount for the bill.
discards the given number of characters .
removes all ims from this user.
escapes a string for use in ascii representation.
set the content of the given reader to the specified encoding .
clears the dictionary cache .
turns the given list of arguments into a string with type arguments .
rename a file.
executes a camera operation.
returns an enum set of kinds .
returns the length of the text.
serialize digest to string.
populate combo box with options.
finds the json encoding of the specified type .
convert an image into a bufferedimage .
start the timer.
go to the next view.
returns true if the string is the hh hh hh version of hh
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
cache method using reflection .
setbit ( int n ) the leftmost bit in a positive number.
destroy the given beans from the given map .
close given output stream .
returns node at the given index .
converts a specified char to the width .
create a directory if it does not already exist .
create an encoder using the given base and base timestamp .
description of the method.
extract weights for each synapse.
flush the underlying connection .
returns true if the list contains the given hash value .
ensure the underlying data can be added to the specified byte array.
determines if the supplied number is a valid region.
trim trailing uri .
reads and returns the next classification block .
adds alpha color to the original color .
stops the server , i.
copies the specified state into the local array , from the current state.
attempts to read a response from a socket.
adds an element to the queue.
creates a new translatable component .
adds a part at the specified index .
inserts the value into this builder.
returns true if the argument contains the specified weapon .
dumps the storage information to a console .
this method is called by the openconnection.
get a conversion from the source value to a target.
advances the api to the latest time.
this method calls proc updateusers and updates the record passed.
forges and sends the options request.
initializes and runs a test .
adds the given resource to the list of resources to be deleted .
compute the maximum of two values.
add a container to the container.
calls the super method and writes the distances of this approximation of the knn distances of
adds a method to the chain of methods to the chain .
get a single request .
returns an md5 hash of the password .
sets the commercial number of commercials .
returns a hash code for this instance .
unsubscribes the given message from the awt class .
is operating system unix unix ?.
disconnect from the client .
determines whether a composite name is a suffix of another name.
calculates total height for the specified stars.
returns true if the argument is a syntactically valid regular expression .
used to check whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent .
flushes the output stream.
attaches the given text into the footer .
creates a new sentence consisting of the given congruence class , and initializes them
tests that internal state of the object can not be changed by modifying initial array.
initializes the store with transaction names .
creates a cumulative histogram from a set of histogram values .
removes all icons and icons from the specified user .
parses , validates and computes normalized version of datetime object.
adds the attribute values to the set of attributes .
test the case where the park times out .
sets the commit index to the manager.
finishes all closing fragments and closing it .
method called when encoded bytes is written to the output stream.
converts the given hex string into a plain string .
returns all scenarios for the scenario matching the scenario.
converts rate in speed representation to speed .
returns the next element from this buffer .
returns true if field count is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
returns a string representation of the double.
creates at test indexcreatedevent .
validate the value against the supplied value .
returns the url for the given owner.
returns a random number between 0 and the given values.
add an event to the queue for processing events .
builds a parameter parameter specification.
returns true if the given character is a valid token character .
draws the line and data points.
adds an element type to this element .
generates the log tags for the class .
writes a string followed by a newline .
given a uri , return a new uri with a fragment that expands it with the
paints the outline of the component.
generate a byte array as a string.
adds a import source to the list of imports.
draws an arrowhead at the specified position .
initializes the class loader .
unmarshals the given parameter and returns an array of parameters used by the given method
reloads the exception data from the service.
creates a resource name from a locale.
creates a string of the given objects.
draw the icon icon .
synchronizes the given query and returns the result .
resets the running runtime .
convert an image to a bufferedimage.
return true if cancelled .
remove a directed edge from the list .
returns true if the given event can be generated into a new event , otherwise false otherwise
receives message and all pending messages .
set the start date and end date.
determines if given x - coordinate is in screen space .
delete all files in the given directory.
true if the entity has collided with this node.
updates the view with the given duration .
submits a task to be executed.
create a new task distributor for the given thread pool .
dumps the samples to the specified file.
adds a field to the buffer.
creates an incomplete room for an existing room .
compute the desired magnitude of a planet model.
trims any leading and trailing whitespace from the given string .
validates vn smi parameters .
calculates the next segment .
utility method to convert an object into a byte buffer.
writes the given byte buffer to the given channel .
create a new sensor if all checks are passed system name is normalized to ensure uniqueness .
returns the maximum distance between two instances .
fills a polygon defined by p_point.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream , removing prior
decodes a base64 segment encoded bytes using the given algorithm.
move to the current day.
convert an ipv4 address to an ip address .
validate the template.
returns the next object .
cdf of normal distribution.
destroys the connection.
recursively capture the pattern .
create a new uuid operator .
returns true if the network is connected .
called when a tab is closed.
adds the samlrequest to the collection .
its guaranted that closepacket will be sent before closing connection .
replace all edges in the graph .
set the time to an event.
creates a new seaglasspanemaportitlepane object .
returns a string representation of this set .
writes a long ( 32 bit ) to the target stream .
given a directory name , returns a list of array names that match a given directory .
returns a charset corresponding to the given charset name .
creates a new namespace based on an integer value .
dump the stack trace of the given message as a string.
execute a sql query .
creates a name cache for a given signature .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end -
maps the library name to native library name .
returns the next matches .
this method processes all queued fragments .
adds a private field to this class.
rebuild the private subr list of private keys.
return true iff this sequence matches the given charseq .
initialize the gl context .
clears the scrap heap .
subclasses must implement this method to add the token parameters to the query .
reads characters into a portion of an array .
add a line to the buffer , adding any trailing whitespace to the given string .
merges the children of the given node using the current tree .
negate ( ) for a negative bigdecimal.
binds an item to the given type .
creates a simple panel with the given experiment .
adds a listener to the list of listeners .
process the given command arguments .
determines if the network needs zoning required .
initializes the current filter.
returns true if this name has a value mapping .
tests whether this charseq starts with the specified prefix .
returns true if the window contains the given class.
support for reporting bound property changes for integer properties.
starts fading to a layer.
computes the hash code of a boolean field.
creates a new abstractsurfaceobject.
parse and return a sootmethod object .
starts the voice machine and selects the voice .
searches the current position at the beginning of the column.
decode a color object from a string.
returns all modules required for this module.
computes the euclidean distance between this vector and another vector .
calculate the elapsed time of all gc gc gc.
close the database connection.
adds a source list from the distinct list and returns the distinct list if it is a
starts a new object .
sends messages to kafka .
creates a string of specified character .
adds the connection to the given connection view.
trim a span from a string .
adds the given listener to the list of listeners .
called when a consumer is finished.
test verifies that byte [ ] can be read and then returns the put byte [ ]
concatenates arrays into one.
ensures that the external array tmp has at least the specified number of elements , increasing its
adds a new value to the range .
adds a new test session to the end of the current session number.
calculates the rotation angle between two points.
counts the occurrences of a sequence in the sequence .
creates a crlumberextension with the same number as the binary integer .
verbose log message with printf formatting .
calculate the log probability for a probability of the input distribution.
sets the value of this pid to be included in the window .
called when a drag is finished .
write the object to the internal buffer .
inserts a table entry into the dynamic table .
extracts the skey key from the given uri.
sends the user to the given contact.
add a class to the list of safe classes .
checks if there is enough room to be available .
returns whether the server is running .
parse a step from the given resource .
convert item to a string .
test the non - empty journal and write it to an empty journal and then write it to
check to see if this ip address is equal to or not.
quick exp , with a max relative error of about 2 .
returns the class path for the class path .
write the position to the stream .
iterates through all of the given package annotations and imports in a package .
this method is used to paste a list of objects from the current node.
updates the cursor with the current cursor state .
returns true if the mouse event is a middle button .
adds a new success message .
method to handle the stop checkbox change.
close the input stream .
returns the next log segment id .
check that specific language is set .
returns the number of bytes on the fuse.
returns true if there are more readers threads to read .
gets the elapsed time in milliseconds .
equivalent to assert cond : value ;.
adds a cos definition .
creates a dataquality object from its xml representation.
parses the xml representation of this class .
signs a jwt token .
exports symbols as symbols.
determines if the operation is currently playing .
add a data source listener.
finds an unsupported annotation in the given qualifier hierarchy .
returns a failed state .
reads n bytes from the input stream and appends them to the buffer.
compute the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors.
parses out the end of a group.
cancels all included results.
removes all entries from the specified root .
show an error dialog.
check the suffix for an index suffix.
internal method for printing a tag with attributes .
parses a disk string .
returns true if the object is a trusted object .
creates a new persistent search request control .
connects the synapse group to all connected neurons .
multiply a character by a character.
normalize a character sequence .
adds a listener for zone change events.
write a single byte .
creates a new start listener .
returns a list containing all of the logical items in this table.
resets the scheduler to be started .
a hashing method that changes a string .
record a timestamp and the current timestamp.
tries to tear down the test case .
parses the given string as a string .
returns the max radius of the circle.
creates a new character array .
returns the number of pending tasks .
inserts the specified component at the specified position in this list.
unescape special characters in a list .
adds an http url to the stream.
creates a new map with the same mappings as the given map.
add a rule to the selector.
appends data to the underlying stream .
determines if the provided dsa key is in the ldapstore .
initializes a new resourcebundle with a specified resource bundle .
creates a new instance of a builder .
returns true if the object has the appropriate name of the sun.
remember a host factory that will be created on given host .
returns the next character in the input stream .
removes first entry ; returns its snapshot .
creates new task cancellation exception given throwable as a cause and source of error message .
method to check the length of a sequence of characters and return the destination .
remove the elements that have been deleted.
removes an action from the network .
computes the distance of a quad - distance between two quad segments .
returns a next record in the stream.
adds the specified character .
checks if the ifid is valid.
removes a child from this group .
check if storage port already exists.
appends a split element to the end .
creates an osmprocessorhandler with the given mapbuilder .
closes the bit stream .
returns the direct connection for the given direct reference.
appends national / leading and digits to the beginning of a national number before.
removes all the selected items from the model.
stops the blink device .
releases all cached files .
configures the command with the given prefix .
writes the transform to the given transform .
signum ( ) for a positive bigdecimal.
creates a new chain with the new chain added at the end of the list with the
determines the operator kind of the operator.
simulates a ui control object and dragging it to a ui object .
load the contacts to the datastore and add them to the contact list .
removes a series from the list .
add a horizontal glue .
writes the given result to a file .
this class cannot be instantiated .
helper function to write file info to file .
renders the given tree .
replace regular expression with regular expression.
compares two characters for equality .
checks the data length of the backing file as well as the underlying data block length is written
create a set of subnetpins.
creates a js method invoke for a given parameters .
performs the double action .
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
generate a list of tables from the database .
creates a new segment .
checks if person exists.
returns the maximum of two values , or null if any .
sets the lock for a new directory block for changes .
remove a reference from the connection.
determines if the queue matches a word .
creates a new empty environment .
generates a generated class for the remote class .
adds an item in the list of longclick events to be triggered when the view is
removes a point from the list .
parses the photosource from an image file.
converts an array of bytes into a long .
attempts to parse a single character .
pass mouseevent straight through to delegate.
remove formatting from a line of text .
xor for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
prints the charge of charges.
returns true if the rdn is empty .
writes the local data for csv file.
creates a new organization configuration .
deletes the authenticated realm .
adds a sourcecoderemark with the given element references .
prevent the action.
saves the specified document asynchronously .
tell whether this stream is supported .
resolves the parent ' s parent name in the given relation.
create a new bytecolumn .
convert a select node to a select node .
executes given script with given name and arguments.
constructs an htmlparser from the provided dom settings .
formats a sample rate in the given rate format .
returns true if this is closed .
start the worker thread .
construct a type from a set of base classes .
escapes byte array components .
returns the name of this native name .
returns string representation of a given dom document .
returns a new instance for mocks using the specified seed .
converts a value to a boolean value .
checks if there are more data .
reseeds the seed value.
generates the class file .
determines whether compact font format is compatible .
main entry point of class .
appends the size of the feature to a mapper.
calculates the approximate height of a text , depending on a demo text .
checks if the thread is shutdown .
tries to clear all pending tasks in a list.
callnonvirtualshortmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a short value.
reports a bound property change .
removes all marker markers from the list of marker images.
captures a string from the current token.
converts a long value to a localized string.
parse client handshake handshake handshake packet.
runs the test case .
checks the frame value for a given frame .
create a template based on the value provided .
return whether or not the custom label should be focus .
initialize the signer with the signature .
selects zones for the given ports from the initiators list.
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of the extensions .
writes a jar entry to the given resource.
close the current file .
creates a new instance of typedeventlistener.
return a list of child nodes which are of the given node .
creates a new instance of the given job.
returns the logarithm of the number.
add a method to the class .
adds the replication factor .
show the initial splash screen.
decodes a line suffix and a uppercase character.
adds a transaction to the store.
determine the space between the first two fingers.
does the polygon contain a method ?.
creates a new jquery object .
selects an attribute set .
attempt to create the saved file.
this method verifies whether the canonical store should be used to encode the canonical data.
prints an object to standard output and flushes standard output .
stops the given runnable .
reads a stream into the buffer.
generate the graph file.
close an output stream.
add a property change listener for a bean .
checks if the entry is expired .
should be called from the action bar .
returns the direction of an arrow key.
create a new tracegraph .
returns true if the database is persistent .
returns a date object .
handles failed message .
searches in the configuration directory .
attempts to add a word to the end of the line .
this is called when the user has clicked the preference .
read the header of a http header.
returns the string representation of the specified boolean .
sends a batch of messages.
adds a live query to the query .
gets the contents at the given uri .
checks whether a key is represented by this database.
creates a new allocation site .
draws an image , applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing.
converts the given digit character array to an int value.
instantiates a new activity monitor .
computes the great circle locations for a great circle location .
initiates a checkbox object and sets the checkbox with a checkbox ( and
paint the check mark in state .
searches for a uri name.
write the log to the temporary file .
reload the list of directories.
creates a new instance of dns .
blocks a list of rows from a stream.
the content of the current element.
grow the spine at the given index.
reconnect to the connection.
get a collection of recordages.
returns a string representation of the buffer .
returns true if the specified variable is found in the model.
reset all the xm to 0.
get the distance between this circle and another circle.
creates a new command with the given arguments .
increases the capacity of the vector to be allocated by this vector.
converts the given table to lowercase.
create an instance with the specified selection modifiers .
breadth - first search for the first node.
creates view with given type and type .
throws an exception if the number arguments are not specified.
send announcement of multicast announcement.
creates a new instance of drawing attributes .
closes the scanner .
creates a policy tree that contains service configuration.
helper method to roll back volumes for dummy volumes .
converts a string denoting an amount of time into milliseconds .
detaches this activity from cache.
reads and stores the preferences for the specified action .
tries to add a download object to the active list .
adds a expression to a list of expressions .
checks if the given string is upper case .
saves the given string.
subclasses must override this method.
if prefix is not in prefix , remove duplicates.
returns an integer uniformly distributed random number .
method to run the ui.
updates the last used time .
determines if the container can contain a given child elements.
extracts arcs from an oid.
tests submitting a duplicate string .
updates the statistics used for the density function .
return true if this file should be shown in the directory pane , false if it shouldn '
add two positive numbers of the same length.
add a connection to the queue.
increments the access count for a column .
compares two double values.
convert a bitmap to byte array.
creates new form configurecoerceiveparsingdialog_nb.
returns the natural logarithm of the given number .
evaluates the uf2 problem .
creates a new file descriptorserver .
read the next block .
adds a run to this statement .
copies the result array into this converter , using the specified separator .
adds a new output sensor .
initializes the data for this channel .
resets the queue to empty .
if a value is present , invoke the specified consumer with the value , otherwise do nothing .
send the hardware to a specific intensity value.
reads the next token from standard input , parses it as a float .
creates a new glowscheduler .
java . util . arrays # fill ( int [ ] , int , int , int ,
calculates control width and creates text layouts.
closes the cache and deletes all stored values.
executes one of psi variables in the current scope .
description of the method.
converts a iso 8601 value string into a human readable string .
sends a group chat message.
returns a new string object .
remove a thread from the list of running threads .
creates a new dockeventhandler object .
helper method for reading the source index and limit to log records .
deletes existing license file on disk.
returns the network parameters used by the test parameters .
main loop for sending request.
restores the current state from a stream .
updates the bounds for the fast scroller .
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog .
creates a directory if it does not exist .
is operating system windows 8 ?.
finds all unused units that have the given unit .
add items to a list .
creates a no proxy list .
adds a list of strings to the definition.
adds a single sample to the collection .
counts variants of a variant.
read bytes into the buffer .
creates a new ldif change record reader which will append lines of ldif
update enter person info.
removes the item from the list.
displays a list of licenses.
adds a new gexiff index .
detects a gtserver with a given gts style.
serialize a list of candidates to a debugging string .
flatten a boolean [ ] into an xmlserializer.
adds a new outbound rule.
create a new skype.
called when a drag is stopped .
adds flags to the current layout.
returns true if the given certificate matches the given keystore .
purges last articles .
move all views ( excluding headers and footers ) held by this abslistview into the
creates a proxyverifier with the specified proxyproxyproxy .
overridden to set the graphics context for the given plot .
call the before the start of a key.
transfers the given inputstream to the given output stream.
test the configuration files option with copying of file .
adds the given long and returns the result .
serialize a canonical form .
adds a new checkbox to the given container .
pushes a state onto the graphics stack .
drop an index from a table.
returns the element at the top of the stack , if present .
adds a new processor to the end of the pipeline .
adds a script to the data at the given position .
initializes the resource name with configuration information.
removes the last entry in the pool , if it is available , then deletes the
convert less than one thousand.
returns true if the given uri is embedded in the embedded image.
change the state of the current state.
parse link label to a link label.
reads given file as a string .
invoked when a runtime exception occurs .
checks if the user has access to the app.
closes all saved files.
selects the operator for the next operator .
parses the given string as a list of tuples.
this function is used to convert boolean array to string.
convert a string to a bytebuffer.
removes all buttons from the buttons .
returns a brighter color if it is brighter .
shuts down this network .
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send .
executed when the i / o has completed.
write the golomb code of a value .
add a force force force to this model.
converts a number to a metric value .
determines whether the specified sequence is overlapping with the specified sequence.
constructs a new b1 parameter .
prepare - e . g . , get parameters .
checks if is configured .
convert a string to an array of strings.
this method will return a byte array from the given location .
this method generates a fatal error if a message is fatal .
create a backup file.
push a pair onto the stack.
remove the data from the storage directory.
appends the container configuration to the current container .
creates a new game settings object .
deletes an existing user from this set .
checks to see if the filename matches the given filename .
removes a region from the list.
a utility function to close an input stream without raising an exception .
overrides the start of an element.
stops the listening socket .
create a new storage .
calculates the width and stores it in the renderer state .
opens the camera and starts sending preview frames to the camera.
adds a breakpoint listener .
updates the screen if it is visible .
releases all waiting threads.
returns a dateformat object .
print the stack trace of the throwable as a cause.
emits a type parameter .
create a new block .
calculates the poisson distribution .
find the right expression within the operator .
adds a channel to the client .
delete all files in the directory.
reads the specified input stream to an output stream.
release all detector objects currently running .
trim all leading character from the given string .
retrieves and blocks until an element from the queue , waiting if there is no longer
sends a timer to the queue .
submit a task to be executed.
adds the attribute selection.
this function creates the leftmost bytes over the remaining data.
samples values from the sample values .
this method is called when a channel has been closed .
configure the headless simulation .
determines if this id is the next window .
indicates if the specified class is visible .
removes the zookeeper .
constructs a new xml .
checks if the given string is a valid attribute name .
adds a list of strings to a given list , in order.
remove a supercard.
test the vm ' s vm ' s rule for header information .
generate secret key from password.
this is a utility method used to escape assertion characters .
tries to remove the child view from the given viewgroup .
returns true if any of the prefix already in the given prefix.
adds the agent to test .
calculates the status of the attack .
allows a new vertex processor to be executed .
creates the idle state .
check replica availability for a given shard.
return this as a classdeclaration or throw an unsupportedoperationexception.
convert a spec into a partition name.
converts the specified input stream to an input stream .
test that the bounds of a hexade hit after a valid location.
this method deletes an existing line from the database .
this returns the partial correlation coefficient.
adds a column with the given expression .
increments the get time accumulator .
checks whether the saturation value is valid .
parses the given string as a single cell string .
callback for a property change.
runs the given command in the given directory and returns it .
returns the selectable channel .
jj.
creates a string from the specified tag .
adds the file filters .
retries regvalueex ( ) max_attempts times before giving up .
parses the given string as a date ( e.
validates a model and identifies the shape of the shape constraints .
adds a pdf page to the page .
returns the preferred provider id for the specified realm .
method to check directory.
assert the specified values have been received.
determines whether or not a journal that has been restarted.
prints a float followed by a newline .
extracts the translation of a sub register .
post processing on failed authentication .
builds an interceptor for the given method .
removes all phi instructions from a phi .
counts the number of tokens in the given token.
returns a map of tests to cover goals.
builds an interceptor from a route .
check gml footprint validity.
this method is called from the main thread.
quantile function , static version .
creates a pbe cipherparameters using the specified key and the specified algorithm .
initializes this object with the given editor .
writes a byte at the specified offset .
adds a validation error to the validation error.
parse a string setting an option setting.
generate client credentials.
build the dictionary from the root .
start tour from json.
run test with random data .
adds a listener to the dispatcher .
clamp the given value to the min and max value.
handles the click on the plot .
adjusts the bytecode at the position of the instructions that have been written to the basic
returns a string representation of this object.
intersect the vector with the given length .
create a temporary directory with random values .
synchronizes all data from authdata into a list .
creates an element in the xml encryption mode .
move all views remaining in mactiveviews to mscrapviews .
draws the wind animation .
returns whether proxy settings contain the specified properties .
check if the argument is equal to the default value .
parse key - value pairs to map.
this method is called when the size of the widget has changed .
increases current buffer to a new buffer.
creates a webaddress object from the given regular expression.
test verifies the log file filter .
resets the pending attacks list .
adds a padding to the buffer .
adds the content of the command to the expanded page.
returns a string representation of this row .
adds a sequence of statements to the end of this sequence.
notify listeners that activity has been changed .
get index of an elasticity.
reads the contents of httpentity into a byte [ ] .
returns the first foo in the ordered set where uuid = & # 63 ; .
rounds a decimal value to the specified number of decimal places.
creates a new instance of this class .
is operating system windows windows.
converts the given date to a string .
calculates the size of a component to be used by the specified formatter .
returns true if the two nodes of the same type and the same node type .
append a string representation of the data to the given stringbuilder .
casts a long value to a string.
reset this position to 0.
reads a single byte .
writes the given data to the given file using the default charset .
checks if the request is id.
compile the prolog of the prolog file .
removes all listeners from the spring .
create a selectioninputdialog whose combobox can be editable .
build the dictionary from the provided search index .
format the given class name .
creates a new uri that parses the given fragment , using the given fragment '
adds a solution to the population .
creates a newly allocated byte array.
creates a new disk in the specified project .
check if the host matches the given domain .
removes the specified attribute name from the list of enabled attributes .
generates the instruction to push the given instruction .
encode post parameters into a string .
looks up a key from the given string .
write the object to the output stream .
returns the property set property for this node .
decode an array of octets .
construct a vector by appending one vector to another vector .
reverses pending animations.
start the contact object.
support for reporting changes for constrained integer properties.
correctness test for the lm model .
called when a sink is received .
converts a dto to an entity .
generates a statement to drop a foreign key .
wait for the file .
translate this data object into a data object.
collects all files in the given project and outputs that are affected by this project .
updates the position for the given particle .
updates the tick labels .
checks if the target coordinate is within a certain bounds .
asserts that the statement indexes are the same index in the statement.
show an item in the menu .
put an option value .
determines the current page that will be used to change the current page based on the
returns a string representation of the given matrix .
make a copy of this vector .
convert a glob string to a regular expression .
force that no more loss.
splits a string into multiple strings using the specified separator.
test split of semicolon .
deletes the object at the given offset .
create a new dictionary adapter.
check if the tab ' s content is not associated with the specified tabid .
creates a new httpstreamwrapper object .
adds the given file to the list of files .
description of the method.
constructs a partial hull with the given points.
reads a short ( 16 bit ) from the source stream .
prints the string representation of the specified int .
creates a proximity node that contains the given data node .
determines if zoning required .
sends a response to the client .
create a new instance .
navigate to the internal path so that it can navigate to the tree .
adds a list of messages to the end of the list .
make a new cache entry .
performs an egl context on the front .
constructs a list of window of size windowsize.
builds a path from the json path.
underlying implementation of add ( array , index , element ) methods.
returns the numeric value of the object .
returns a matlab string for the matrix .
constructs an instance of this file with the specified name .
create an object output stream for this file .
get the set of keys for resident entries .
adds the given certificate to this validity list.
adds a policy listener.
verify if the code is stored.
returns a new scripting engine for a file.
finds a raw module that matches the specified module id .
given a list of arguments , returns an exception if type is null.
obtains a local date in projese year from proleptic - year.
recovers a security entry .
creates a new loader using the given url .
min ( ) for unequal bigdecimals.
create a new smtp server .
concatenates an array to one object .
change camera position and adjust position.
shutdown the scheduler .
clears the existing locale .
defines current string into two strings .
splits a list of numbers in the list .
send an error log message.
add a property change listener.
cleans a directory recursively .
gets minimum version for specified transaction .
constructs a dimensionsegment with the given field value .
description of the method.
compute the standard deviation of the kernel distribution.
this method should be implemented .
inserts the specified element at the specified position in this list.
creates a new instance of multiplexstore.
matches the specified item pattern .
returns the given value if it is a default value .
compare to last key received .
renders the car position .
converts a string to a sql time.
choose a server alias for the given socket type.
log probability density function.
invoice - charge - line - pricelat.
parses the current html document .
brokera < - > brokerb - > brokerc.
flushes this object.
discard current thread currently in memory.
convert a token to an ascii syntax .
write values in this packet.
register file type with default file extensions .
parse the specified string into an integer.
returns requestresponse object based on the xml document.
this method is used to validate client request.
filter out the collection of items by the player ' s level.
returns the index of the largest value in the list that is greater than or equal to
adds the given symbol to the set .
convert raw characters to their escaped version.
returns the current array size .
converts a base64 encoded string to a long.
returns the bottom ( n ) values in the specified range .
calculate the number of authorities for the given page.
closes the current printer thread .
creates a list of files for the given hdfs.
append a text to the end of the string buffer .
creates new instance of modelobject .
unwraps data from the server .
checks whether the specified attribute is set .
checks to see if the current time has permission to be checked .
stores the given password in the store .
removes a child node from the parent .
float value of a small positive bigdecimal.
wait for the process to terminate.
refreshes the inherited superclasses of a superclass.
this method is called when the task has been executed .
creates an annotation document in the given sourcestate .
removes an edge from the graph .
simulate a long press key.
returns true if this node has a descendant of the given pattern .
used to write a number of bytes to the file.
generates the data files in this class .
check if given object is a cgl proxy class .
calculates the positions of the image based on the current image matrix .
tests fix for bug # 27412 - preparedstatement.
checks repeated int field equality ; null - value and 0 - length fields are considered equal .
add an annotation to the front .
adds a frame to the animation.
converts the given code point to a string .
this should be overridden by the minidump file should be called before.
start ssl shutdown process .
extract a thumbnail for a given width and height.
write package info to file.
converts the event queue to an array .
decodes the der - encoded pkcs8 encoding into its der form .
process an attribute list .
returns a deep copy of the results.
dumps the given value into a hex string .
type special character types.
tests two objects for equality .
checks if the mime type has the given mime type .
skips all notifications of a given number of notifications in the specified folder .
write the object to the given writer .
write integer to buffer .
check whether the queue is empty.
construct a new vpoint .
draw the bottom border of the border .
emit adds a field to the list .
parses the given pem encoded string into an rsa object .
take a publisher and start it .
returns the next occurrence .
add a var to the queue .
canonicalizes the simple url to canonical form .
returns the process id .
calculates the duration of the animation , which should be used to visualize the new animation
computes the norm of a vector .
determines the height of this view.
adds an int at the specified position .
compute the mean of vectors.
create a sprite object .
close the current output stream .
creates a synctoken token for a given date string .
returns true if both values are null , ignoring nulls .
initializes the flag set configuration for the given url.
close inputstream without a exception.
test the evaluation of a single tick.
replaces all occurrences of characters in a string with another .
creates a new instance .
canonicalizes types of this unit .
opens the activity for the given uri .
waits for all live replicas .
adds the specified element at the end of this vector .
this method returns true if the rp column has the rp value for the rp
split the path of a file .
determines whether or not the given taxonlist is compatible with the given taxa
draws the text of a label.
indicates whether this map contains the specified map .
performs all actions on the specified action .
dumps thread roots to a list of threads.
this method will be used to update the field name translation.
returns the minimum dimensions required to layout the components in the specified target container .
this method checks a resource for a group .
creates a telurl connection.
creates a new svm svm .
restart the servlet instance.
creates a new instance of sorterorter.
obtains the string representation of this object .
pdf of gpd distribution.
generates the format associated to the specified codec name.
description of the method.
returns the maximum element of this stream according to the provided key extractor function.
searches for the specified commit counter by the specified commit counter .
starts the animation properties.
utility method for printing the exception as a string.
splits a variable name into a varname , and returns the boundary name .
invoked by the child thread to resume .
create mbean for jspace container .
update the row with the given values .
stops the video fading edge .
removes a timeout listener .
attempts to load the generic properties instance , and create a genericproperties instance of the
adds the given absolute lock object to the table.
get a random element from the list .
add a mapping to an entry in a map .
join a synchronous thread .
define a member definition.
open connection to a connection.
report a user error .
invoked when a mouse button has been pressed on a component .
decodes the given string using ' flags '.
this is an implemented function.
returns the total set of all keys.
outputs a list with the given content .
computes the sum of the first derivative of this field.
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
appends a hex string representing a java character to a string .
prints bootstrap data for bootstrap.
returns an enumeration of the given enumset .
adds the given token at the end of the array .
create a large query set using the given root object as a filter .
adds the tags for the given data.
gets the build number for a package id .
builds a random left - directed string of left and right sizes .
we only want all child views that are currently being shown .
configures a http request .
convert n characters to title.
unescapes the character identified by the character or characters that immediately follow a backslash
processes the given input and output file.
creates a replicator configuration for the provided service .
converts a double to a localized string .
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
converts a list to an array of longs .
updates the state of the menu according to current settings .
test verifies that put is removed.
converts a list of strings to a string.
removes a notificationlistener from this object .
cummin / cummax , opcode : ucummin / ucummin / u
given a list of modulespecs into a list of source directories that match the given source
reports the process ' s error list as a string .
getissuall ( int ) method testing.
starts the kafka log .
creates a jdbc connection .
convert scalar to fact.
add a header view to the adapter.
return true if the path is absolute .
initialize demand map with demand.
get the instance spec for an instance .
creates a new crafting recipe .
writes the tag for the given value .
internal method to write a single byte .
connects to the server .
finish the output stream to be done.
creates a new okhttpclient .
parse the contents of a file .
returns test suite.
load objects from xml.
create an omraster , lat / lon placement with an imageicon .
stops all resources in the queue .
called when a bound property changes .
asserts that two objects are equal .
determines a given flags string .
formats a sql object into a query string .
indents the current indent level .
appends a child view to the bottom of the window .
compile a list of projects .
prints the contact information .
trigger this promise ' s callbacks .
adjusts the name and position for the new name.
create a new snapshot .
saves the configuration file .
counts the number of items in the list.
constructs a uri from the template .
disposes a nativebuffergraphics object associated with the specified buffer .
writes the kanji file in the specified resource .
creates a new scanner exception with the given file and message .
render the normals into a texture .
find all resources by type.
calculates the y - y y value of y y values.
increment the ledger by a negative number .
the size of the list .
find connection by threadid.
estimate the distribution .
read the repository metadata from the stream .
checks if the given datatype is a valid java type .
add line to internal section .
allows the auto - process to execute the foreign key.
returns true if node is contained in this set .
persist file on jar.
add a writable to write .
load the given unit .
performs cleanup and cleanup of a worker.
finishes writing compressed data to the output stream.
frees the object , and returns the free list .
returns whether a binding with the given key .
creates an internal internal service.
create a new index .
creates a taggingoutputstream with the given output stream.
retrieves the list of messages as a list of internal state.
stores given short value.
hashes the given bytes with the given offset .
reads from a url .
store a node with the given key and value.
makes the object immutable.
finds the native library for the given name.
removes a component listener from this component .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
returns true if the string is null or 0 - length .
parses the given metric and checks whether it is correctly encoded.
determines whether a given term is indexable or not .
send an http response .
decode an encoded string.
blocks the current thread until the shutdown signal is called.
adds a connection to the list of connections.
computes the euclidean distance to another point .
converts a string to an integer .
adds the given item to the chain .
caution : while the background thread should be slowed down , updates of the gui have to
runs the queue of events.
gets all the names of the cache .
create a new dialogue recorder .
generate unique id for future creation.
reschedule the missing alarm time stamp.
sets the name of the model .
perform an asynchronous min operation.
changes the state to a new state .
converts gmonthday object representation to string.
add a new test to the test list .
swaps the values in the list.
builds the ui information .
allows this closure to be used within the closure , ensuring that it is closed.
returns true if the given string matches the given pattern .
adds a server to the server group.
add a leaf to the list .
description of the method.
set the ' value ' s content length.
draws the background to the canvas.
modify lun , unmanagedvolum.
replaces a portion of a string with another .
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values.
compares this object to another .
creates a track for a googlebar .
add a tuple to internal buffer.
add a song to the adapter.
filter all child elements with specified name.
emit the given field and put it into the map .
equals implementation using a hashcode .
provides the right name of the node for display .
parses events from the json.
removes a listener from the list .
replaces the builder with a replace string .
add a permission to a directory .
runs the timeout task in milliseconds .
search for an existing device.
checks the validity of a type signature .
remainder of division of zero.
determines whether a particular action is visible .
checks the argument type references to the argument list .
randomize the incoming data.
save image to file.
helper method to check and throw an exception if not found.
remove a generated class from the list of src classes .
updates the range based on the current value .
closes the given scope by the given bracket .
appends a byte array to the end of the array .
checks if there is enough space to check on device.
method to handle cancel button.
maps an attribute to the current character set.
converts string value to old .
returns a string representation of the zeta line .
record a dialogue state .
writes the specified charset as utf - 8 .
creates a new instance of wpserver.
verify the zip file.
performs maintenance on this pool , evicting the connection that has been idle the longest if
creates a new stateinfo object .
compares two objects for equality .
generate the random seed.
returns true if the user should be checked .
decode hex string to byte array .
creates a list of user tokenization authorization codes .
read the header of data.
draw the text between two graphics.
compares two percent objects .
returns a clone of this node .
test if a point is outside of a column of the given table .
adds a source folder to the list of folders.
starts a workflow step .
calculates kernel value for a given delta .
create a server socket that is connected to the given address and port.
prints a byte array .
delete a native vplex volume.
returns index in a key comment string .
checks if the cookie has expired .
check if we have to add the given home intent.
creates a new cache .
instantiates a new class annotation .
generate next sample .
writes the cache to the specified connection.
parse title from a title.
returns the selector of the sel selection.
calculate the excit threshold of this synapse set .
a repository root has been removed.
inserts the given data into this priority queue.
construct new empty message .
wrap the operating system windows.
parses a sql query and returns it .
converts an element to a particular level.
returns the number of attributes.
consume and returns the tag name .
sorts the tree into a set of nodes .
removes all the listeners from the list .
decrypts a hexbin string .
compute the lon value of a pair of numbers in a y - ld array
recursively adds the hull information from the hull to the hull .
responds to a service change event .
convenience method for decoding data to a file .
evicts the entire pool .
generates a population of individuals .
create a new session.
consultar to datastos de dados .
check all ones in one column .
appends a char value to the writer .
insert an instruction before the given list of instructions .
get a new builder .
counts an array of strings .
processes unregistered unsaved jobs .
pop an array of x y y values .
description of the method.
delete the attribute value .
push an attribute set .
called when the stack has been added to the user.
add a new range to the range .
send a response to the client .
replaces all occurrences of characters in a string with new character .
get the current text .
canonicalizes the path .
creates a new instance of in - memory store for the given configuration .
updates the music playback to the next music player .
draws the given bitmap with the specified radius .
returns the msqtt device.
start collecting profiling data .
subclasses override this method .
converts centimeters to pixels .
adds a character to the buffer.
computes the length of a vector .
create cache in memory cache .
constructs a new attribute list panel .
this class cannot be instantiated .
removes a photo from this user.
performs a binary search for the specified element in a specified sorted array .
compute the filtered matches on the read block based on the match algorithm.
converts the array to an array of elements .
must be called on failure.
dump the state of the parse stack .
creates a set of categories from the set of categories.
loads a listener on the server .
upload a file to a remote device.
create ssl client socket.
format the node , recursively .
server helper method to register a jmx mbean.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream , removing prior
sorts the content of this adapter using the specified comparator .
returns true if the diskexception has been caused by the rddevent caused
appends the specified json value to the end of this array .
creates a new instance .
set the video capture parameters.
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects .
convert a string to iso 8601 format.
creates dom from input stream .
obtains the string representation of this object .
resets the message counter .
schedule a fixed task on a fixed - delay interval .
copies the realm attribute value from the specified attributevalue .
copy assets from the given file to the target file.
determine if two objects are equal.
semantically equivalent to next double.
compute the distance between two keys.
discards all whitespace and the specified data .
creates a new async selector that uses the default selector as the socket .
removes the child at the specified index from the list.
compute differences between two texts.
paint the provided painter using the provided transform .
reads all the subdirectory of the given directory into the list of module candidates .
returns true if the given throwable has occurred in the given class.
write a variable size long .
updates data to sign or to verify .
overridden to avoid exposing implementation details .
returns true if the rp initiator will be used for rp.
initializes collection of supported serial messages .
reads the configuration file .
if there is no field with the specified key , then associate the given value with the specified
combines multiple bytes from the previous read to one.
check if the device is a mac or not.
parses a single object .
creates a new resolvefactory object .
[ < rn > , + / - < rm > , + / - < rm
ends the form of all forms.
moves to the next character .
extract the project name from the uri.
adds an object to the set.
reset the state of the notes .
add a required property to the list of requirements.
determines whether the point x , y will add a new point to the current pattern
constructs a headrule from the given rule .
or for two positive numbers ; the first is shorter.
submits a new task .
subtract two numbers of different scales using mathcontext.
allocates a query object .
writes a vector with the given length .
returns true if the given string is empty .
adds a scrollviewlistener to the list of listeners .
retrieve the callbacks object.
begin a memory usage .
translates a java2d point to a location .
update the projected traffic highlights.
log the stack trace at the given level .
reads a single character .
string representation of bcc.
draw the background for the plot .
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from
adds a layout editor to this panel.
trigger a wildcard expression .
creates a new ip address .
collect the edit proposals for the given view.
creates a new extensionquery object .
ensures that a namespace belongs to a namespace .
returns map containing the given entries .
this tests whether the classifier can be modified using the classifier .
returns the first character of the given string .
returns a random index of the given proportionable values .
check that there is a page that spans a page .
group the components of a list.
counts the number of non - whitespace characters .
spanning matrix is specified in the range of indices that overlap.
returns true if this rule matches the given rules .
returns a description of this outfit .
adds the given signer to the token.
writes the map to the given stream .
sleeps specified number of milliseconds .
restores the previous error and system.
creates a crl from the list of coefficients.
determines the height of this view.
put byte [ ] into this byte array.
wait for the completion of a complete document .
create an action with a specified content.
finds all outliers of the given chunk.
4b basesec | 2b windowid | 3b tupleid.
calculates the gap between two points.
moves the current tile position to the next available tile .
check if an attacker has a hyphen.
check if intent is available.
javax . net . ssl . sslengine # wrap ( bytebuffer [
sends http connection to the server .
returns true if the given certificate is signed using the private key .
this method calls proc insertrousers and adds a record in the database.
find the nearest neighbours of the given distance .
creates a der from a date and time period of the given date .
adds a new category .
this method rewinds the available values to the target one .
merges the given set of intervals into one list .
format the object into a string.
calculates the sha1 hash of a keystore .
pans the domain axis in the specified range , based on the current axis .
initialize the controller.
creates the label for the given check box .
dispatches window close.
deletes the entry identified by the given alias from this keystore .
constructs a disjoint set with no elements specified.
print the final cluster indices in textual format .
adds the given gui to the gui.
removes the attribute at the specified index from this list.
wrap a multi - line token with the given value and a field.
checks to see if p_line is the polyline.
a method that will delete a file or folder only if it is within the ' target '
this method will return a new array of doubles .
converts an integer value into a positive integer value.
skip a number of bytes .
creates the lock file .
handles add ldap attribute mapping request .
internal method for getting the value .
perform a swf loading process .
queries the quick reply .
write a byte array to the file.
check whether or not this config has changed .
adds all views that are compatible.
binds the given list of internal sockets to the remote server .
substitutes the callback for a specific state .
creates a service in the service .
removes the specified object from the array .
set the allowed list of users.
finds the distributed device with specified name .
reads a copy state from the given input stream .
interrupt all tasks , if any .
constructs a new requestparams object with the specified key / value pairs.
checks whether the given file should be overridden .
instantiates a new datasource task .
returns the offset within the given offset .
clears all of the sensor selection model .
a utility method to create an array of lengthtables.
recursively loads the given path and recursively .
ensures that the proxy is being established .
adds the given message to the adapter .
construct a new key from the given bytes.
concatenate arrays into one , concatenate them into one.
compares road permission to a road value.
read from the underlying input stream .
determines the chunk size ( n ) target chunk size .
returns the tip text for this property.
merges a query with the given id .
description of the method.
get the list of interfaces.
clear all data structures.
make a quad vertex .
sort a sequence of seqs.
associate the given value with the specified key .
insert all files in subdirectory subdirectory of directory which match filekinds into result directory
create an edge shape .
dispose of object , releasing resources.
tests the scenario for testing a method .
creates reserve disk cache directory .
checks if the resource has been loaded .
calls the super method and reads the leaf node from the root node .
creates an empty objectmap with the default values of this class .
create and add a criteria .
creates a new connection factory with the given servers .
creates a new instance .
if jdk 1.
constructs a messagekey object .
add a node to the queue , if there is one .
assert that the values in the given subset is in the same order.
paints the specified component for the given component .
restores a checkpoint object.
reads a class file .
returns true if the specified hostname is supported , false otherwise .
creates a new configuration object .
converts a chart coordinate to the screen coordinate space between the same shape and the screen coordinates
adds the window to the shutdown list .
instantiates a new performance logger .
authenticates an http request , returning the authenticate request .
creates a hash from a given hex string .
finds the length of two longs in the same text and substrings .
determines whether the passed pin is runnable or not .
convert a uri to a file uri.
add a horizontal glue .
check whether the given string reference is a resource reference .
wait until the node leaves the queue.
returns an enumeration of the members of this group .
adds a property name to the select - clause that is not as named ( ).
adds the given interface to this class.
cuts the string from beginning to the first index of provided substring .
helper method to get an http connection from the url .
tests consuming elements into queue.
initialize the current user.
invokes the finalizable method if it represents an object.
removes the tv show .
method to set the appropriate encryption policy.
check if object is an instance of given class .
inserts the specified object at the specified position in this list.
calculate the current time ( i.
returns the index of an array of words .
invalidates the switch point coordinates .
converts the vdc properties into a vdc configuration object .
creates an oproxy object .
given an instance , return the prediction value.
this method is used to finish the provided map .
check if the given attachment point is valid.
fire a cluster change event from the cluster.
creates a batch request .
returns the rgb value for the given pixel value .
check to see if the digits are in the carryn.
add a component to the bottom panel .
deletes all files and directories in the given set of files .
create a temporary directory in the system of a temporary directory .
emits the initialization code for the initializer .
read cookie from http : / cookie name.
merges a set of unique qualifiers to be merged from this node.
translates a string that represents a transferable representation of a long value using the format
creates a preview buffer for the given image size .
inserts a child at the specified position.
creates a new position at the given offset .
returns a string consisting of a given number of spaces if the given string is padded on
resets the dft context .
adds listener that is notified of progress events .
mute the given username in the database.
the real guts of parsenetworkresponse.
applies the orientation of the component to the left and right orientation .
returns whether the selected widget is empty .
writes remaining compressed data to the output stream and closes the underlying stream .
returns a new instance of parcelableclicked to the adapter .
fill a byte array with random bytes .
draws a triangle to indicate the presence of far - out values .
determine if java.
converts the named object into a set of known object names .
check if we ' ve crossed a view.
creates an element of endpoint .
provide a string representation of this locale .
test where each operation locks one or more resources.
the start of an element.
creates a newly allocated byte array.
cast a string to a calendar .
converts the bitmap to byte array.
saves the given template with the specified base file in the given directory .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
add a composite node to the composite .
processes the ground array.
expands a two - digit string into a list of english words .
returns the index within the specified character .
creates a new factory with the given messages .
determines whether the frontier is empty .
checks if is enabled .
calculates the variance for a given number .
sets the user if the user has been saved.
send a location list of locations to the server .
serialize a text node.
returns true if the specified visual position is inside the soft touch .
used by the world.
clears both rendering and picking queues .
moves the cursor to the next position .
expands the current row to the given priority queue .
flushes the given offset .
generates the label for a item in a dataset .
remove a graph listener.
this is called when the user is closed.
execute a base command .
increments the start of the text.
creates a service configuration from the provided input stream .
splits the word into an integer .
indicates if an action is empty .
add a string to the dictionary.
make a deep copy of an array .
check whether the given tag is a valid tag .
blocks until the message is received .
constructs a new date instance from the given string .
copies the files in the specified directory to the destination directory.
instantiates a new map objects .
read from the file.
encodes a string into its base64 form using the specified charset.
tests comparison of different number of attributes .
constructs a new in - memory space predicate .
recursively deletes any files and subdirectories.
prepare the given sort keys .
converts an experiment to a string .
prints the magnitude of the picture.
create and return a zookeeper connection .
adds a description string for a csv file .
reads the next character from the input stream until the end is found .
converts from attributes to hls.
closes this input stream .
updates the amount of total amount depending on the current amount .
tests whether creating a create - unique attribute name is unique.
returns the result of this element .
read a dex file .
add an animation listener.
this method runs the commercial with the given length.
adds the given child nodes as part of the tree .
generates the children block for this statement.
compute gamma function for a real .
initialize the active slot list .
converts an action type to an action type .
sends the given key to the hidden key .
remove the mqtt token from the database .
checks if an array of type arguments is explicit .
read until the delimiter is found.
this class cannot be instantiated .
returns true if this node is a leaf .
returns true if the given text is valid .
interrupt the specified thread.
overridden to avoid exposing implementation details .
convenience method that creates a border layout container and places the given component in the south
does an update and return the eventid generated in the eventid.
load the layout from the given file.
adds the specified file track .
converts all separators to the unix separator of backslash .
returns true if the given parameter has the given name .
get free memory for a given memory.
returns true if the given identifier is a sqlex keyword .
sorts the given list in ascending natural order.
handle the journal commit .
indicates whether the task name should be append.
convert a string to a string .
make a new cache entry .
find the maximum of all elements in the array , ignoring elements that are nan .
checks whether the start element is an element.
like datainputstream . readlong except little endian .
removes the instance at the specified position in the set .
extracts a key from the given uri.
do one transaction operation.
adds the given string to the stringbuilder.
copy the source array to the destination array .
instantiates a new site list .
union the ip instruction .
returns vertex with given id .
atomically adds the current value to the given long.
starts the monotonously.
calculates the norm of the vector.
p - p_pred for the missing value.
write the entry to the cipher .
creates a new instance of a closeablestaticbitmap .
reads label from an xml file.
add a converter set .
parses the xml stream.
returns a sorted map containing only the first occurrence of given map uri.
dump the index record .
compares two parameter objects.
generates a random n - dimensional array .
escapes a valid json string.
writes the stream to the output stream.
checks the header of the headings in the list .
returns an iterator over the elements in this list.
scale the mouse event.
check the result of a function.
returns true if this instance is equivalent to this instance.
loads the workspace screen ids .
renders the output of the given node .
macro : parses the string argument .
multiply a matrix by a given scale.
change the state of the link.
returns a bufferedpolygonization using the given geometry .
record the last start request time.
check if the user is accessible from the filter .
clear the table model.
get the index of a primitive type .
load data from a file.
constructs a string representation of the specified parameter .
using the trigonometric unit circle , calculate the positions that the text will need to be
flushes the journal to disk.
method called to try to expand shared string value if not found .
adds a request property to the request.
updates server member member member .
is organization level only.
decorate the runnable as a runnable.
invoked when the button has been modified .
serializes the given object to a byte array .
resolve module name for a module.
add a keystore to the list of trusted certificates .
create a new narclassloader.
get the current block .
substitute types of the original type binding array .
determine if the last point is scrolling.
tests whether a single filter is correctly merged into an empty descriptor .
constructs a new edge with the given symbol and source .
generates the instruction to push the top stack value on the top stack .
create a extended text source .
pads the string at the left at the given length .
checks if a given feature is supported .
atomically removes all of the elements from this queue.
reads a " quoted " descriptor " from the reader .
convert the classifier into a string.
subtract two numbers of the same length and different signs.
assigns a field value to an object .
writes an integer to an outputstream.
returns true if this is open .
same as performfindrequest and return a list instead of a lookupindex instead of a list
gets soap xml string.
closes the write lock .
initialize the camera manager.
compares two non - null objects .
writes a boolean to the target stream .
the set of training files .
test de busqueda open ldap con atributos.
creates a new instance .
returns the derivative of p_result.
write a 32 bit int to the output stream.
queue a cube with the given time.
checks if object is available or not.
invoked when a button has been pressed .
get the latest release message id.
remove a change listener .
dump the request log of the current thread log to system.
returns url decoded from a string.
test gettable ( ) method testing.
adds the specified collection at the end of the array .
remove current file list from file name .
initialize the composite state .
create the tool bar for the application .
parses a date value.
construct a new regular expression filter for a given pattern .
execute a query and return a result set.
writes the given byte array to the output stream and increments the number of bytes written by
encodes a string using utf - 8.
returns currency corresponding to given symbol .
converts a string to a float .
creates a new instance of this class .
request a password to share the user.
force out of memory allocation.
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
computes an enlargement by adding an enlargement to an existing object .
intersect this clip with another region.
this method can be used to determine if the byte array has an int.
adds a condition waiter to the first node waiting for condition .
clears any cached information .
strips code units from a string .
asserts that the actual lines of one line of the expected lines .
log a warning message .
returns the full form of the prefix , but not the plural form of the given string
clears the password expiration time .
strips locale from a locale .
appends the time zone to the given number of milliseconds .
removes all listeners from the model .
return a string of the given length by padding the input string .
sets the scores to show all scores .
writes a string to the file using the specified charset .
the kernel helper function.
open connection to h2 database .
emits a clear word to the clear text .
called when the screen starts.
adds an input listener.
add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list.
load a driver class from a url.
adds a new document to the output stream .
add a command class mapping .
prints an auto increment column .
commits the gs to the gs vm.
write the block light to the output stream .
execute a search.
returns the next match operation .
adds a new duration to the call list.
paint the background of a solid background .
adds defaults to the service definition .
returns a string representation of the product .
returns true if the metadata has been changed since the last publication has been modified.
adds a set of resources to the specified directory .
helper method to convert a class node node to an instance of type nodes .
pushes a given url onto the stack .
converts the results into a message .
sorts the suites alphabetically .
convenience method to add a collection to an array .
adds a marker with the specified name .
replaces with b in c .
enables member variables in the current form .
wsptypedecoder test , decode appid test.
removes all constraints .
check to see if the file is writable.
creates a new instance of this class .
validates an existing entity .
rotate transformation about the z axis.
starts a factory factory .
wakes up the data buffer.
returns the number of columns that occur in the given column ' s next row in the
constructs an instance with the specified value .
create a new kafka message container .
deletes the entry with the given alias from the keystore .
returns a string representation of the specified group .
translates a line by one vector by translating it into the given vector.
process a new runnable .
calculates the margin of the menu .
add a new attack to the list .
turn an array of resource - colors into a list of resource names .
test the configuration property .
returns the salt for the header .
adds a listener to this manager .
select the next tuple expression .
write a number to the output stream.
append a message to the history .
start the container processing of the given container .
converts a string to a date .
accepts the report manager.
helper method to set the version versions of the maven version .
serialize the start node.
clearbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
compare to a number of an greater scale.
parses a single character .
cancels the auto - completion action .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
specify a proxy host name .
verifies that the setter methods are compliant with the naming convention .
extracts element at current position , advances , and signals.
get a random , positive whole number.
removes all the indexes from the current text area .
learns the device specific information.
returns a level array containing zero data of zero buffers .
get version of the version number.
counts how many times the string matches the given character .
add an icon to the color , with the given color and color.
reads all contents of input stream into a byte [ ] .
searches for the search for the specified string in the text .
validate pre rebase order .
runs the game loop.
remove a environment variable .
calculate the mininal score as a threshold.
returns the value at the top of the stack .
varmissum ( ) method testing.
returns the index of the last file separator character .
determines if a point is in the local view.
resolves the type variables in the given bounds .
delete the quota on the id.
creates a map of basic authentication headers with the given username and value .
adds an empty entry .
checks the object if it is already cached .
read a dom2d file .
are all permissions of this permission .
runs the given event in the executor .
send the next message over the wire.
adds a new attribute for this field.
returns true if the session token is in this session .
returns the root mean squared error .
exports all rows of this cell into a given buffer .
creates account detail map details.
rotates the right of the tree.
updates the radio links .
update the sample with the given value .
the graphical representation of a series .
checks the given class signature .
get the application id from the cardlet ' s id.
adds a new root entry .
creates a source from a url .
tests whether a single servlet is correctly merged into an empty descriptor .
returns the regular expression consisting of the regular expression.
ensure that the finalizer should be called before invoking java.
adds a search result to the list.
registers a batch that is fixed in the current range of text .
creates a new zip entry in the directory .
runs the test case .
the start of the document .
dumps the window hierarchy into a list of frames.
register an observer for this rule .
send a heartbeat to all registered listeners .
writes a message to the output stream .
creates a new sslengine.
creates a buffersource that uses the given source as random data .
creates a new argument parser .
setbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
save a model to a file .
sort the remaining spans , and combine them into a new span.
splits the data into two sets .
drops a prefix from a path if exists .
publish / send a message to an mqtt server.
removes the specified element from the list .
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first
check if two strings are equal .
set the login flag to force if auth is set to default auth.
fetch the user information from the database .
stops the stop event .
sends a message to the queue.
write data to characteristic , and send to remote bluetooth le device .
returns the link for the message.
reads a line of inputstream into a list.
removes the specified element from the json element .
send a stream of bytes as a binary stream .
sorts the specified broker by broker.
returns true if the entity has been escaped.
update path for the given test case.
test with a journal on which a single index has been registered with the data of the journal
returns true if the given class loader is a pager loader or not .
given a sub - subject , remove any substrings and substrings .
reads the next source file.
convert bitmap to byte array.
inflate a name using glprefixes.
adds a warning handler to the list of warnings .
prints a string to the stream , encoded as utf - 8.
writes an attribute value .
constructs a syntax description for an attribute .
writes buffer to the socket.
skips the annotation value at the current position in the specified byte buffer.
internal recursive call to recursion.
generate minimal matrix for minimal data.
takes the request and returns it .
converts a location to a location .
finds all files in the given directory , in the given directory .
generate a comma - separated string for the table with the given table.
register all child listeners.
is the scroll out of the scroll amount ?.
reduces a list of instructions to be reduced to the nesting level .
return true if the given node is locked in the owner of a node .
try to move the content down.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
delete left - right word.
cumulative density function.
read in a continuous dataset .
generates the native guid format as storagesystem + portname + portname +
tests whether the paths are the same.
creates a new fast string reader .
adds a field to the query with a given boost .
get a string for the date with the given format.
initialize the stream buffer size .
the numbers here are 0 to maxsensors , not 1 to maxsensors
converts the string value to a number , and then parses it to a number object
return the probe ' s next sample .
applies the replacement string .
creates a new instance of encryptionkeyimpl.
returns a string representation of this relation .
creates all templates of a list of packages.
determines if the view has changed .
parse the path data from the given path .
record a variable name , string , and write it to the variable list.
read the default file header .
check if media type is supported by the specified media type.
export all the dependencies .
removes utf8 chars from the given signature .
returns network availability status .
get a string of regexpars.
creates a list of expected partition values .
returns the contents of the current text .
registers the given runnable from the given runnable .
write the data structure to the output .
extracts the hard reference from the soft / weak reference given.
formats a long value.
remove a component from the current thread .
copy a single page to the output stream.
write part of an array of bytes .
asserts that all backup members are in backup.
handle request error sent for a wrong request.
checks that the given state has the number of states specified.
sort movie ids.
creates a new key value list .
poll the stats broker .
returns a new acceptable fileformat object if it ' s acceptable .
tests whether the two cell vertices intersects the loop.
updates the orientation of the overlay .
returns the name of type reference to a js reference type.
creates a new state machine .
clear the attribute set .
reads the default serializable field values for this instance , followed by the registrar ' s
returns a back - pointing triangle of the given dimenisions .
lookup a terminal by name.
creates a new layout block based on the given system name.
modifies non - static values .
replaces all the regular expression with the given regex pattern .
creates a new character buffer.
updates the ui state for opt out promo .
constructs a value representing a geometries geometry .
should not be called.
check if a file exists in this class .
method called to finish any common statements associated with the unary statements .
displays a dialog with the given parameters .
dynamic initialises the initializer.
executes a path traversal .
lays out springs that have a baseline along the baseline.
reads the int value from the json array for specified index .
add property change listener.
unregisters the dependent dependency .
validates the storage policy selection event .
description of the method.
casts a collection to an array of objects.
creates a diff exception for the specified files in this formatter .
calculates the distances between a given node and a root .
returns the position within the current position .
add a frequency to the frequency list.
parses a header .
splits the given interval into all given intervals.
determine if verb is gerund .
receive an error .
creates a request object and adds it to a jsonobject .
runs the test case .
download the latest temporal log files .
reads a file attributes from the given handle .
adds all participants to the replay.
creates a checkboxpanel and adds a checkbox to a checkboxlist.
assigns probabilities to the probability of the given instances .
parse the uri value as a string .
constructs a new kernel .
initializes the work list for a congruence graph .
don ' t call this method before calling this method .
add a file to the directory.
this method gets called when the tree has been expanded .
indicates whether the specified object is part of the filter .
determines whether two version numbers are equal .
invoked when a connection failed .
processes the given schema.
push an annotated list of annotated objects onto the top of the list of annotated
returns the version number for the directory server .
sends a query to the queue .
expunge stale entries from the table .
convenience function that returns a list containing all elements .
creates array of integers given start and end indexes.
close the open window.
called when the mapbean is removed from the mapbean .
calculate estimated delivery time for a specific quantity.
adds a document type to this document .
checks to see if a table exists in the database.
runs the test case .
find the next token from the given position .
updates the window with the given graphics object .
given a series of x , return the hp - value pairs in the given array.
check if the given directory exists or not .
add a port to the ports already allocated.
returns the hash code for this object .
writes a list of longs to the output stream .
determines if the attribute is defined .
show a preloading stage.
removes all of the elements from this map .
removes the given key for the given key .
test copy of a full stream into the full byte array .
runs the test case .
convert a byte array to a byte array .
sends a message to the end of the remote browser.
adds the http request headers to the hive.
adds a long selection listener.
description of the method.
returns a string representation of this device .
create a new debug service .
returns the case for the given value .
check if we need to be updated.
returns a string representation of this object.
adds a new reporter object .
draws the selection rectangle .
creates a new exception with the specified root cause .
determines whether any of the given set of initiators are connected to the given array
constructs a derivation for the given node .
plus ( ) for a positive bigdecimal.
test negative number of radix 16.
converts an antrl and ast to an ast .
display a jpanel in a frame .
creates a new jsonwriter that will parse the given reader .
convenience method to write a sequence of binary characters to a binary file.
uses the given tokenizer .
computes the offset for the azim label.
adds defaults to the specified resource bundle .
invoked when a display component has changed .
extracts the specified methods from the specified class .
this is used to update the server address.
remove the item in the list.
randomly selects a single entity.
check to see if the destination is a valid route.
sort the storage pool.
adds an overlays in the overlay .
creates a resource from a file path .
determine if the current version is older.
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
escape the xml string content.
access the given input vector .
finds a file or directory with the given name .
compares the results of the control and cloud client .
get the list of elements as string .
given a graphics context , create an opengl context and return it .
collapses all rows in the tree .
queue a replacement for player.
removes a vetoable change listener from this bean.
instantiates a new stream of this instance.
iterates the list of arguments in the shell command launcher.
adds a bookmark for a given user .
this method converts the utf - 8 string into a string .
create the bounds associated with this element.
records the counters and offsets in a pattern .
finds a method with the given parameters .
finds the first character that is not a illegal character .
decodes a single byte buffer into a character buffer.
internal function to start a random clock.
adds a respawnpoint .
load org objects from org.
test that a byte [ ] can be used as json.
generates a certificate object from the stream .
converts the given object value to a human - readable string.
generates the last 6 bi - months where the last one is the day of the given
finds a counter for the given key .
adds an sms message to the given sms folder .
runs the test case .
sets the given mode .
expunge stale entries from the list .
calls findbugs for findbugs .
fire a vetoable property update to any registered listeners.
called when the full storage is removed from the backup .
remove the connected tab list .
paints the range rings .
converts all separators to the windows separator of backslash .
translate the input stream onto the encoded character buffer .
returns a trie with the given trie removed .
installs the after handler .
attempt to close the connection.
creates and persists a storage entity .
display a info line in the text area .
writes the specified format string to the console .
verify signer ( string ) creates instance with given name.
invokes a static method on the given class .
new instance , based on the supplied pattern.
removes the first loop node from the graph .
binds item to data .
add two positive numbers of the same length.
adds a new min value .
method to return a date instance which is exactly numdays days after the point in time designated
return the remaining cache size.
calls the super method and writes the conservative and progressive approximation of the knn distances of
put a data object into the fits file.
paint the selected row .
adds a label to the panel .
called when the track point starts .
combines a list of chunks into one byte array .
commits all resources in a client .
determines if the passed cluster is still working.
compares this id to the specified object.
checks if player ' s id are equal.
add a field with the specified value.
returns a shortened header of this instance.
whether the value is always valid .
remove a list of item in the adapter.
creates a new instance of trust provider.
called when the consumer has been received .
this method initializes the neuron with specified parameters .
computes the angle in radians to an angle .
called when neuron changes .
creates an x509 certificate from a byte array .
handles a change in the current selection .
parse the terms input.
format the given value .
sets the server name .
executes a count record.
calculates the confidence value of the given base count .
add a new parameter to the map.
create a datasource from an input stream .
converts a string value to a type object .
adds a new limitline to this axis .
readdata - - input the message from din.
this method is used to read the results from the buffer.
inflates the current copy of the current byte array.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this queue , in proper sequence.
adds the legends for the given list of legends .
helper method to retrieve metadata from the database .
encode into canonical form .
reads bytes from the underlying stream .
flush the log records .
generates a list of page buttons .
and for two positive numbers ; the first is longer.
overridden implementation of createnewexportmaskworkflowforinitiators for vn
compares two percent objects .
provides a uri for edge to the edge .
reads a 16 - bit short .
loads projects from the database .
takes a string of a phonetic string.
removes the node at the head of the frontier , adds the corresponding state to the explored
checks if the given path is a file .
compares the given instance with this name.
instantiates a new zookeeper .
creates a basic condition .
reads a stopword string from a path .
returns a string representation of the revision .
called when the barrier is lost .
filters the points in the given list with the given tolerance .
sends a debug log event to the system .
writes the stack trace to the given output stream .
creates a writer that will write to the distributed log .
description of the method.
creates an image element.
creates a new thread values object .
sets the configuration parameters for the specified configuration .
returns true if the check box is selected .
inserts all of the elements in the specified array into this list , starting at the specified
calculate the score for a given play count.
remove a scanning callback .
paints the given rectangle at the given location.
return the probe ' s next sample .
is the current row in the page.
shuts down the executor service .
determine if the given character is a legal java identifier part .
prints an infmat in zmat .
returns the index of the first occurrrence of the pattern string in the text string
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
returns a string representation of the given array .
truncate a string to a maximum length.
clear all transactions for the given block.
load the given string .
clean up dirty region attributes.
constructs a new sort , based on the given fields .
returns true if the iteration has finished.
starts the phone .
deletes the resource configuration .
creates a new bus movement object .
remove last usage date from file .
create the gui in the panel .
generates a random float between two limits.
this constructs an instance . < ! - - begin - user - doc - - > <
add a tracer to the tracer .
grow the storage array if needed .
set this value with the given value.
tests creating a batch of events.
creates a graph containing all nodes in the graph.
trim a version from the given apk .
query inventory for a given inventory .
processes the raw score for each object.
reads the given file as a string .
constructs a new bayes im editor from a bayes im wrapper .
save data to disk.
flatten a map into an xmlserializer.
returns true if there is a preloading key that requires preloading to be able to
generates a challenge token for the given address .
performs any of the basic block checking.
runs the given task , unless it has failed , but does not succeed .
gets the elements of an item array .
remove a request from this thread.
callback function when heatmap has failed.
inflate a drawable using the current thread ' s id.
gets object field offset .
add an string at ( x , y ) coordinates.
writes a portion of an array.
convenience method to concatenate a ciphertext with the given ciphertext.
sets the timestamp to the current timestamp.
creates a new materialized object .
returns the edge between two points.
computes the probability distribution for each character in the given string .
resolves an issue that is active .
base64 decode the given string .
test access to a connection.
distinct aggregate function which update the distinct values.
checks if an entity is unparsed .
flushes this output stream .
encode text as utf - 8.
ensures that the focus event is focus .
adds a request property to the request.
execute a task on the given task .
serialize a value to a byte buffer .
load all the submissions from the repository .
returns the bit representation of the specified bit string .
advances to the next transaction .
computes and computes the components of a sub - segment .
writes the remaining bytes to the output stream.
removes the specified listener from the tree model .
creates a new uri from a name .
adds a parameterized view to the stream .
copy data from the given recorder into the given buffer .
clears the cached values.
gets hash code for given object .
adds a parse template to be parsed.
attaches the camera image from the camera to the given target.
returns the minimum of two numbers , ignoring any non - null values.
called before the object is started.
check if a string is a formatter.
helper method for constructing a source form for the initializer.
creates a new bytebuffer with the given capacity .
adds a new value .
validate collection attribute set.
put a string into the buffer .
an external entity declaration .
sets the alpha model that will be applied before the alpha value .
create a class descriptor from a field .
this method validates a service ticket object , raising an exception if the response code is not
schedules a specific task for execution at the specified time .
draws an ellipse with given semimajor and semimajor , centered on
performs the new cursor with the new cursor .
lock the flushing mechanism to be written to a buffer .
returns true if the class is a random class.
generates the native guid format as storagesystem + serialnumber + < < <
converts a given string representation of the keys .
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster.
sort the children of a given node .
returns an integer from a poisson distribution with mean & lambda ; .
check if a sound is available for a sound.
iterate over serializer objects.
validates an object name .
returns true if shutdown is shutdown .
override to initialize the initialisation class.
draws the canvas.
helper method to format a date .
decodes a byte array using the given input .
create a message digest.
merges arrays into ascending order .
copies the access control levels to the current list of access levels .
write bytes to this bytebuffer .
handles an update request.
request a stream for the given stream .
remove a view if it is not already hidden .
consume an unescaped css character .
test read and write it to key - values .
writes junit content for this test object .
rolls changes to the specified file .
parses a geometry string .
this method will be called by the server.
gets the index of the last occurrence of the specified element in this list.
returns whether any operations can be undone .
calculate the destination for the given image.
this is called when the project is changed .
this method is called when a point is clicked.
updates the visible ids of the visible ids and the visible ids that are
walkgraph , leveldatatatostring , and tostring methods of implementing graph
shows the previous notification .
calls the super method and writes the node id of this node to the specified stream .
adds a new relation to the node.
initializes the postgresql configuration .
helper method to register objects from the given handle .
adds an extension header name.
merges the frame with the given values.
the keytool function is a key tool from a command line.
perform a scroll down to the view size .
update the property to file .
removes a service from the entity .
expands a point in the cluster .
getfloatarrayelements : get all the elements of a float array.
prepares ( allocates ) a set of transfer buffers for use in transferring data from the
output the full buffer.
adds a payment to the payment.
expose the unregistered namespace with unregisterednames.
remove all the text objects.
deletes the display name of a existing user.
creates a type for a given ast declaration .
closes the cache and deletes all stored values.
wait until all iterators have been cleared .
adds a callback to lifecycle events .
returns the index of path relative to this path , or - 1 if present .
destroy an existing volume .
flatten a cubic spline into a convex point.
validate the needs scaling.
converts bytes to bytes .
generates a clone of the zoneset.
writes a signature block .
builds the sql select query for a table .
show the rendering of the specified animation .
checks whether the key is a uri .
receives a number of bytes from the socket.
adds a role to the end of this channel .
send an array of bytes to the connection.
create a list containing the elements of the given collection.
reads http entity contents into a byte array.
adds a tail argument .
constructs a new uri from the given namespace .
a utility method that calculates the known point of the kriging vector.
deserialization object from file .
check if a segment is a merged segment .
creates a pbe cipher using the given password and key parameters .
add the specified group .
updates the average time.
indicates whether the given path should include the given path .
generate list of units.
concatenates a automaton to a one .
actionlistener interface.
creates the partitions for the given hdf - values .
reads the property from a safe serialization format .
javax . net . ssl . ssl . sslsocket # ssl
helper method to convert the user input to standard input .
returns the stamp bits for resizing a table of size n.
read a single byte .
returns hkkdf5 object .
determine if the given emote contains the ignored emotes .
is the given property allowed ?.
reads a file from the xml file.
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero bytes.
accepts the file descriptors .
transmit a file .
reports a progress update .
returns a new dom document .
set a scalar value to be set.
handles add request handler request .
draws a data point on the chart ( x , y ).
reads a set of chunks from the given set size.
parses the meta data .
locates a given field anywhere in the class inheritance hierarchy .
converts a session data object to a socket .
add the dump file to the dump file .
creates a date using the ordinal formatter .
returns true if the page is in the range of pages .
dispose of object , releasing resources.
convert a collection of dimensionalitemobjects to a list of typeditemobjects .
sets the aliases that will be added to the index .
add a new table to the internal table .
remove the specified configuration listener.
puts all views in the scrap heap into the given list .
this method is fired when the tab is open.
schedules the given task .
utility method to combine two hash values .
parses a vector into an array of strings .
returns a string describing this filter .
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first
called when the beancontext is added to a beancontext , and when other objects are added
decode the data properties to a data source .
returns the next character in the document .
adjusts the height of the row of the table to fit the given table .
reduce a list of valid uri to a list of targets.
parse a format string .
updates the status of the index columns .
returns url for po that the given pojo.
blocks until the decoding is complete .
convert a plain text into a plain text string.
update the encryption with the given parameters .
creates packed data parameters based on the shape and buffers .
update the sql update .
returns true if the lock is lock .
returns the hash code of the object.
add a new action to be shown .
displays the given help text on the given file.
stores the location of a java.
returns or null if the argument is one .
returns true if the specified object is equals to this object .
produce a comma delimited row from a jsonarray.
remove a table from the name.
checks if the given category is in the list of bug categories.
determines if the passed volume is a source volume .
tests the two linear models .
check if user is ok.
verifies that the quorum succeeds .
marshals explanation to the explanation.
puts the thread to sleep for the specified duration .
prints a line followed by a newline .
reads characters into a portion of an array .
reads a single character .
callbooleanmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a boolean value.
returns true if any of the variables in the given varname ( var , var ,
creates a new project importer .
test for double [ ].
checks if the class is registered with the specified class .
return the class with the given name .
wait for the operations to complete .
tests whether any component of the test geometry intersects all the components of the target geometry.
create an xml input to create the user ' s inner forms.
creates a new endpoint .
parses a single value .
constructs a time collection .
returns a list of the given elements , in order .
allocates the array to the given size .
adds an attribute to current element of the dom document .
a method to create a directory.
fill an ellipse with the same pse.
this method does nothing .
refreshes the countdown counts for the next challenge count .
constructs a unique identifier .
converts an awt image into a swt screen.
returns true if compression policy is available , i.
( since linux 3.
adds the total values to this chart .
fills the stack trace buffer with the given stack trace .
indicates whether file type is supported by the specified file type .
makes the object immutable.
returns an uniformly distributed random number between 0 and 1.
creates a test vm .
compare worker count and wait.
makes sure there is no item in the list depending on the position .
returns true if the given path is windows windows.
process a character set .
creates a child element with the given name and appends it to the element child node
is segment balanced.
parses an attribute list .
reads the given binary file into a byte array .
tests decoding of the solution .
add a split condition .
ensures that the memory exceeds the maximum threshold .
remove anchor indices from the index .
rebuilds the active event list.
creates a new instance of the cpstore .
deletes all subdirectory subdirectories and subdirectories recursively .
writes bytes to the buffer .
mark the specified rop register as reserved for a rop register.
register the resolver .
processes a response that requires authentication.
releases the given byte arrays .
creates a new pipeline .
initializes the default methods.
lock a new order .
receive a rp packet from the input buffer.
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer.
treat user name by name.
creates a new instance of jdbcdata.
adds an exception to the stack.
returns a elf formatter.
read data from a url .
checks if the current time is valid .
create an instance of the network.
converts bytes to kilobytes.
creates a request for pendingintent.
returns true for a static field .
newstring ( ) method testing.
unify line separator character by line separator.
decrypt key with the given password .
sets the configuration of this model .
fills the grid based on positioning the new selection at a specific location.
locates a given field anywhere in the class inheritance hierarchy .
calculates the breakpoint at the given token position .
returns a simple shape representing this object.
inject the current content from the source file.
returns true if the character sequence is null or 0 - length .
turns a settings string value into a boolean value .
notify this object that it has been deregistered as a listener with a source with respect
the code that does the real work of lookup.
generate a random key.
returns a copy of this array .
deletes the given path and all its sub - directories .
initialize the pattern template .
adds a line to the file , creating new lines if needed.
update the known attachment points.
removes the wrapped array from the wrapped list .
formats the given double value with the standard deviation in the standard format .
truncates the given length string to a maximum length .
returns a subset of this class as a subset .
determines whether the given legion is disbanded.
add a tuple to a field.
iterates from this number down to the given number , inclusive , decrementing by one
parse the xml element.
this method works around the bizarre semantics of bufferedinputstream ' s read method .
this method is used to insert a full screeninfo into the list .
this method is used to convert a string to an input stream.
adds the specified item to the end of the list .
copy existing asclos.
parse the input list .
deletes all entitlement of a existing user.
this method incorporates a signedproperties property into the signedproperties instance .
create the channel selection for the given style .
compute the mean of all elements in the array .
returns the length of the pointer .
runs a test using the mary properties .
import file to file.
returns list of file cos ids.
add a new scaling task .
inserts a new node into the tree.
return the probe ' s next sample .
writes a list of lines to a file .
checks if the specified authorization tag has the required authentication tag.
guess the extension type from a file.
update the cache with this binder.
this method parses the geosfile into a url.
removes a dted dtedframecachehandler .
adds a new file to the adapter .
read the end of the scanner.
splits the specified vector into this one .
writes the header to the writer.
called when the dialog is clicked .
adds a new task that is scheduled when it is started.
replace all occurrences of the regular expression with the replacement.
migrate all possible entities .
adds entries to the given string , using the provided appname as the key.
invoked from native thread ' s background thread .
the graphical representation of the labels on the x axis .
encodes the given byte array into base64 string .
compares this curve object with the specified object .
creates a new instance of eldesizer.
loads a binary file from the input stream .
does the type two slot types ?.
adds a list of parameter sections to the list of sections .
consume the crlf terminator .
process the log request .
override the equals method.
accepts the consumer for the given file .
adds options to a list .
checks if there is any activity .
start the scan for scanning .
check if the url is a landing page .
writes the row definitions .
send string to target .
initialize the token scheduler .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
returns a string representation of the object .
does the work of getting the path .
signs content using the provided message .
checks if there is a whitespace character .
de - serialize a byte array into an object .
constructs a new interval object with the given source and data type .
checks the value of the given key .
creates a new shoppingcartitem object .
bind the given output stream to the specified output stream.
initialize the map layer.
samples the variance for a given sample.
extracts the html span from the given start position.
description of the method.
returns true if the delay has been added .
push space handling for space .
close the underlying stream .
creates an inputstreamreader that uses the specified encoding .
this method is used to send a server message.
split a message and return its string representation .
evaluates an example to the new example .
returns a hash code value for this object .
returns a clone of this iterator .
disallow construction of utility class .
returns true if the given chain contains the given key .
set data with given byte array.
sets the rotation of this matrix with the given rotation.
writes the user registry to a server .
converts the given double to its string representation .
decode the hsbian number encoded bits.
create a record representing a json object .
creates a new cpu time .
retrieve a cache of audio data.
adds a new condition .
read a single byte array from a byte buffer .
find package and extract the package name.
logs the given message and arguments .
fetch the virtualpool protection set for the virtual volume .
constructs a new nameset from a file .
computes the cardinality of the cardinality .
escapes a literal value .
fetch the cookie for the given cookie .
send a log message .
utility method to add a list to a source list , if the value is not null
creates a new dimportkeypairpkcs8 dialog .
pretty printing accumulator function for longs.
replace substrings of a string with another string .
removes a listener from the graph .
starts the config thread.
clamp the absolute value at the given index.
readobject is called to restore the state of the socketpermission from a stream .
gets the predecessor index for the given source.
creates a new lockwriter.
append a program description to the output .
decodes a base64 string into an array of bytes .
tries to convert a location to a file.
parses the value into a number.
converts all upper characters in a string to upper case .
update the environment variables .
creates a new char of the specified string.
notify the timestamps that the timestamp has changed.
returns the next token from the input pattern .
remove a service node .
returns the content as string .
send a handshake request .
sets the minimum and stores the minimum value in the current state .
emits the specified number of tokens for writing .
rotate the x axis.
verifies that audit has finished.
scale a rectangle by center .
returns an unprintablecharhandler parsed from the given index code strings .
determines the height of this view.
returns true if the id is null or is null .
updates pending download list .
limit the value between two values .
create a new title .
returns true if network info is connected.
delete an exit item.
calculates the coordinate between a source channel and a source channel for a given source channel
add a listener to be notified when the startup is complete.
quietly closes given resource ignoring possible checked exceptions .
run a list of files.
creates a des encryption key from the given key material .
checks that a given type is a valid descriptor .
creates a jsoutputoutput for the given module.
gets the text of the tree.
create a new line .
allocates a new string that contains the sequence of characters currently contained in the string buffer argument
size of the set .
executes the given command in the server .
instantiates a new instance .
this method checks consistency attributes for the given attribute set .
updates zoning information in the given set of initiators for an export mask .
waits for an incoming invitation.
computes the x - y - position of the contingency matrix .
returns the number of components in the list .
rounds a mathcontext with no precision.
this method removes the freqs entries from the frequency table .
returns a publickey instance for the given string type .
generates a sorted map of tag names to partition tags.
describe the shape for the shape.
convert a class name to a qualified name.
add a graphic to the overlay .
returns a string representation of this object .
performs the native x2d flip operation for the given component.
add a property restriction.
initializes the renderer .
called when the time moved.
creates an id from the given input stream .
called by the end of an element .
adds a closure to the loop.
returns the next meta data .
encode a collection into json text.
reads color table as 256 rgb integer values.
touch the last file system.
adds a keystore to a keystore .
check whether the specified file should be loaded .
generates a source definition .
disables all buttons in the interface.
returns true if the given string is a derivative of this form .
write out the message to the output stream .
add a switch port to the quarantine queue.
this method will create the sort the sortedsort models based on the given dictionary.
add a feature to the feature tree .
constructs a bitstring from the specified string value .
sort the individuals according to the given comparator .
writes the string to the writer .
create a new asynctask.
returns true if the given method name was in the cg package .
creates a password reset exception .
combines the contents of arrays into one or more arrays .
check if a state change is a state change.
this method is used to execute the parsing of the current thread.
returns the largest ( " top " ) n values in the column.
grab the class from a signature.
creates a new instance from the given timestamp.
returns the number of nodes in the set .
returns the next element in the list .
escape non - escaped bytes .
repeat all elements in the input stream , by adding all values to the repeat times .
replaces all occurrences of a class name in a map.
handles save button request .
creates a new exception given throwable as a cause and source of error message .
return the euclidean distance between this point .
called when the test runs .
parses the challenge list .
converts the given ssl session to an array of bytes .
instantiates a new desemonizer .
verify that the given certificate is within the validity.
encrypts the password using the specified password .
returns the number of rows in this collection .
convert a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
wrap a proto and return a checkedmessage as a checkedmessage .
reduce icon to given width.
adds a sound to a sound.
returns the number of pages contained in a given page .
returns the integer value given a table name.
scores a collection and scores for each track .
returns the current time in milliseconds.
returns an integer representation of latitude and longitude .
stores long value with volatile semantic .
runs the given shell command .
draws a circle of radius r , centered on ( x , y ) .
prints a double followed by a newline .
write a 16 bit signed value to the out stream.
maps a sequence of char sequences to the given byte buffer , assuming that the given char sequence
adds a button listener to this button .
dispose of object , releasing resources.
fills the xmlattribute object with the specified indices .
create a propertychangelistener for the specified consumer .
copy a file to the output stream.
deserialize a kdbdata header from the data store .
runs the test case .
returns true if the user has all permissions granted to this permission .
helper method to load charset from client cache.
paints a portion of a layer .
add a control to the list of controls .
processes the given add request .
recalculate the derived color from the uimanager parent color .
returns a string describing the specified oids .
called by the thread ' s idle thread .
add a cached span to the cache .
compares this uri to another object .
 repaint all children of the panel .
validates a dns name .
extracts the comment string from a input string .
find the index of the first character in the string .
guesses a content type from a url .
used for testing - input.
connect to the log socket .
make sure the cache header is valid.
return the active ivr zoneset.
get an empty immutable array .
replaces all non - optional nodes in the list of non minus nodes .
creates a human - readable representation of the entitlement .
returns a hash code value for this object .
this method is used to delete the type data point for this type and its subclasses .
reads the contents of a reader into a list.
this method will be used to remove cache entries from cache .
checks to see if the method is called from cgl context.
compares this name with the specified media type.
returns true if the underlying dependency has changed .
creates a new instance of ` awt.
compares two xg version numbers .
creates a new datasource .
finds the specific location for the given object .
scroll the current item to center.
adds the meta - data object to the list .
removes the given word from the history .
add two numbers of different length.
add an item to the recent menu.
invokeall ( c ) throws nullpointerexception if c has all elements.
adds a package to the list of package info.
closes the input stream .
creates the blockmirror object .
starts the co - endpoint .
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other
try to throw an exception from the underlying input stream .
clears the content of the dialog .
converts a collection to a string .
check if value within given range .
replaces a string with the specified buffer .
looks up a qualifier for a qualifier name.
is multiple frames allowed.
parse a configuration file .
create a rpcs file.
this method sends an event to the queue.
choose a server alias for a socket type.
process the bmp image.
constructs a new path handler .
load the lines from the input stream.
load ignore files from the ignore folder .
removes an argument from this set .
description of the method.
creates a new instance of pkcs.
creates a note in the database .
make sure that the given messages are not unique .
adds a node to the next node .
callback for the configuration dialog.
reads a unicode character from the stream .
add an integer to the list .
resets table ' s state to initial position .
tests the next token in the stream .
returns the current paint manager.
determines whether the port initiator represents a recoverpoint initiator .
check whether the input data is a valid w3 - 1.
write the data to the out buffer .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end -
removes wheel clicking listener .
adds the given section to the list of sections.
calculates the preferred wrap position for the specified text .
adds all the values in the given vector to the end of this vector , expanding its
reads all bytes from an inputstream and writes them to a file .
adds a new rule to the grammar.
validates the given number value .
send all threads to the specified stop count.
convert a string list to an arraylist.
returns the preferred charset of this java .
convert a positive bigdecimal to an engineering string representation.
removes all of the elements from this vector.
add a layer definition.
read the specified file .
applies the currently managed data to the managed object ' s managed data .
writes characters to the buffer .
detects the episode matching the specified file name .
creates an operation to create an array of operations .
send a sparql update event .
sets the specified preference type for the given type .
expunge stale entries from the table .
checks if the given string contains a numeric value .
tells whether a given type is a character.
construct a key from its encoding.
returns a date instance for this calendar.
returns true if client authentication is enabled .
creates the panel which to display the image file names .
write the text at the end of the line .
returns the child at the given index .
check that the current thread has permission to access the current thread .
returns the value of the function.
remove quotes from a string.
checks whether the given attribute is defined in the namespace.
tests that shallow clone nodes can be reused.
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog .
get the last index of an element in the list of objects in the specified array .
create a new floatcolumn .
read prr output file.
helper method to purge one of the entries whose index is one .
checks whether the user has permission ' convertermanager.
determines equality with the specified object .
checks that the matrix has the same dimensions .
import a set of changes from the source to the date .
write the line to a file.
returns a fuzzyquery based on the fuzzy text.
creates a call info object.
starts a video stream .
throws an exception if the string is not empty .
reset the context.
converts the given object to a list of parameter types , where each object is converted to
log an empty user .
returns a network interface or an existing network interface .
creates a new code source facade .
create a jdp broadcaster on a given host and port .
closes the rrd file .
rotates the vector by the given degree .
gets the contents at the given uri .
adds a mapping from the specified fieldnumber to the specified data , replacing the previous mapping
hides the border with the border .
removes the filter for the specified transaction configuration .
adds a point to the sample .
adds the specified tag id to this tag .
set the tls server for enabling the ssl server .
orders the most recent executions in the specified collection .
initialize the internal model .
serialize an expression to a string .
initialize the frame settings .
create a workflow from a clone to the vm.
remove a data source listener.
returns a string containing the right of the given length.
clear uniquies all un occupied blocks.
un - serialize the data value from the given byte array .
terminates grid stop .
push the folder of the last folder.
description of the method.
add a event to the list .
creates a new instance .
initialize the board state .
this method is called when the open index is open .
adds an acronym to the array of substitutions.
initialize the tree map.
returns the replicator directory .
construct a string.
writes a repeated x - sqrt instance .
appends the string representation of the float argument to this string buffer.
executes the given file in the operating system environment .
tests if a track can be submitted for a given track .
closes the underlying stream .
normalize a path removing duplicates .
returns a random test .
record a new deployment .
called before the bundle is started .
called when the test fails .
shut down the database manager , including system class loader .
writes the data to the buffer .
merges the control using the specified parameters .
this method is called when a custom xml element has to be parsed from xml tags.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image , updating the
checks if the image servers are available on the device .
get current time from system timer.
removes an extension from this file .
finds the namespace context of an element in the given element.
adds an observer to the list of observers .
calculates the distance between the given k and k .
format the object into the output .
adds a key - value mapping .
release an instance of a field.
converts list of alertdto objects to list of alertdto objects .
display an executor in the provided executor.
add a group properties listener.
this function edits a global function comment .
clear any existing session .
checks if the specified entry exists in the directory .
un - packs a cmap character mapping.
initialize the native library.
compute hash code for x509 symbols .
handles notification of the start of an xml element .
determine whether the value of the specified key is a string value.
this function createas multiple nodes.
data with a zmat matrix.
checks if an ant version number is supported .
builds the network with no neurons .
returns true if the two characters are equal , starting at the specified index.
divide a negative number by one .
returns enumeration of all productions .
adds the given node to the set of tight nodes .
returns true if the input event should be disabled .
creates new dsystemresource dialog where the parent is a dialog .
transforms array of points using matrix.
converts the escaped template function into the escaped string .
returns a string representation of the port .
adds a listener that is notified about changes in this session .
convert a timestamp to a string .
prints a user message.
connects to the server .
check is a access modifier.
handles append request failure .
selects a preview size of the given camera and returns the resulting preview size .
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects .
decode the utf - 8 encoded string from the given utf - 8 byte array
converts to lower case .
invokes the visitor for the specified type annotations .
create a list from passed objx parameters.
reads the next part of the file .
indicates whether multi - line tabbed pane is displayed.
compute values of the parameters .
translates the data type into one data source.
find the minimum of all elements in the array , ignoring elements that are nan .
moves the selected item down by the model.
create a new jar with the given file path .
run the runnable after shutdown.
convert a path to a list of paths.
handle install / unlock if it doesn ' t exist.
offset based on start time.
rounds the x , y , and z values of this vector3 up to the nearest
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
this method is used to remove the frontier if the node is explored.
parse the attributes passed to the view from the xml.
concatenates two byte arrays .
assert no complete successfully or error signal has been received .
throws an exception if the argument is not valid .
returns true if this date is a time in the datezone.
create the login ui that can be used as the user activity .
map the volume from scsi initiator.
convert this collection to a collection .
add a quarter arc to the path.
parses the content of this block from the given source string.
fill a byte array with random bytes .
removes all scanning callbacks .
reads bytes from the file .
creates a manager manager object .
checks the shape to the old shape.
returns whether the given file is visible or not .
appends two arrays of strings to one .
deletes the data .
construct a new string by converting the specified array of bytes using the specified character encoding .
initialize a search item.
compute the bounding area of the editor ( if any ) .
reads a byte array from the stream.
construct a cuboid in the given world coordinates .
calculates the log marginal likelihood of a given variance in the given dataset .
is the current message.
install the properties that are not supported by the user .
writes doubles from the given double array , starting from the specified offset , to the current
helper method to load the addresses from the specified address type .
checks whether the extension of the specified filename is of the extension .
pre - initializes the persist request for the object .
appends padding to the pad stack.
initializes the commandstack object .
the start of the content model .
create an omraster with a coordinates .
creates an input stream for the given string .
returns the root preference node for the user .
convert socket identifier to string .
pushes a string onto the top of the stack .
read the contents from a file .
returns the x - value of xy tile on the x axis.
creates a new input field .
creates a new class manager for a given interpreter.
swap the egl graphics buffer.
returns the last login time .
constructs a list of words from the given text .
adds the given data to the list and adds it to the list.
if a field match is equal to the value of the field with the given value .
remove the html markup from a line .
creates a dash string for dash.
position the pattern to position the start of a pattern .
try to load genotypes from files.
reads a line of input into a string.
check if the table exists in the given table.
parses the colon and returns the value of the following : / / / / /
tests if the given script string contains a sql script delimiter .
writes an array of bytes to the output stream .
establish an invariant that the specified service is joined in the quorum .
encrypts the data in a block .
print text to the output stream .
adds all children of the given connection group to the list of connections.
loads the map from an input stream .
adds the given decoration .
parse the link title.
add a value to the distribution.
close the underlying resources .
returns the size of the list .
create a warning diagnostic .
creates a new destination for an element .
handles edit sub configuration request .
checks the health of the connection.
adds a column to the table .
this method initializes the components on the panel .
computes the norm of a given vector .
get serialized value of field.
returns a hashcode for this factor .
converts the maximum ring of nodes to minimal list .
removes an image listener.
updates the wave size .
write the new journal to the output file.
returns true if the charsegment matches this string.
handles the mouse released event .
computes the maximum of the percent value for a series of percentiles .
add a channel to the model.
joins an array of objects into one string .
returns whether or not a store has the given trait .
create supply supply data for specified qty.
returns the number of parameters .
load the values for this step from an xml node.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from
read the data in the message from the input stream .
returns the dot product ' s dot product of this vector.
emit code for this class .
the standard deviation in the list .
trims the current array to the end of the list .
setbit ( int n ) outside a negative number.
compares a date to a boolean.
decodes the next solution .
instantiates a new udp device .
multiplies all values of the keys by the specified type.
checks if the specified level is a level.
compute the package children of folders.
quote the given file as a string .
read from net buffer .
clears all tombstones .
removes an imageconsumer from the list of consumers interested in data for this image .
returns true if the navigation area is at the bottom of the navigation window .
updates the aperture ' s aperture.
builds the invocation for the http key .
note : this method is called only if it is not worthocating a single resource .
gcd : the first number is zero.
test capture capture capture capture .
validates the expressions and returns the result .
parse a directory relative to the path .
returns the charset using the specified input source .
generates a url for the specified series .
returns true if the thread should expire .
displays the user about the realm .
decode a 64 encoded bit buffer.
create script to test.
returns a cgamma value of the distribution.
add the given group to the list of job groups that will never be deleted by this processor
print the layout information .
request a read from a poll.
adds a field to this multi - match field .
encodes this qtt object into an output stream .
this method is called when an open block is not empty .
convert an int [ ] to string .
copies the source to the target .
computes the great circle distance from this location to the great circle string .
parse the manifest from the given file .
read part of an array .
fire when operator has moved.
removes a single individual .
modifies the variable label.
repeats the specified substring count times .
wait for the state change to listen for states.
pick a node in the tree .
creates a new adduserifiers object .
parses an integer value from a string .
finds the bounds of the node associated with the specified wwn.
stops all the specified workers ( i.
returns a clone of the map.
calculates the state percentage of a switch transition.
mangles the given method name into a valid class name.
saves the current state attribute for the given iterable.
consumes and returns the character from the queue.
print the given list of rules in a list.
disposes the specified codec .
determines the transpositions of two char sequences.
parses an object representing the state of the given object .
returns a stream whose elements are the same as this time series .
registers a modification for a file .
arranges the container with no constraint on the width and height .
checks if message is a content type.
generates a certificate from the given key and values .
handles next button request .
check that all module descriptors have dependencies .
beancontextmembershiplistener method .
checks that a directory can be read .
returns a string representation of this instance .
writes default serializable fields to stream.
report the beginning of an entity.
returns true if the given name is a java keyword .
extract the import url from the given matcher .
returns true iff the collection is equal to the other object .
runs the test case .
renames an object type , e.
writes a list of files to file with the given tag name .
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog .
invalidate cache of cache names .
flatten a byte [ ] into an xmlserializer.
write a list of strings to a file .
cancel all requests by given tag.
utility function to draw a line with text margin .
create a subset of a record.
queue an operation to be run .
interpolates a given string.
applies the given shape to the given rectangle .
prints out a list.
this method initializes components on the panel .
checks the revocation status of the given certificate .
returns a composite type for the given alpha level.
removes the specified tag from the tracker .
find all phonemodes in the specified phonetic model .
removes the given parent file from the given parent .
returns true if a is between two doubles .
closes the current element .
java . util . arrays # fill ( byte [ ] , byte [ ] ).
enters a new empty value .
calculates the logarithm of the base value .
uploads file to destination.
creates a zip file in the specified directory .
returns true if handler has been removed .
checks if the image is empty .
restores the badge image.
calls the touch button .
construct a catalog entry .
adds a message to be waiting for notification.
puts the path onto the stack .
logs the hierarchy of hierarchy separator.
add a gossip member to the group .
get all log files .
returns true if the case - insensitive case is selected .
returns true if the node is a namespace node .
returns the hash code value for this object .
creates a new submodel .
compares this vector with another .
helper method to convert color codes to color int.
perform the default action .
traverse the traversal .
the end of an element .
cancels all tasks.
get the value at the given attribute.
find the value that corresponds to this key.
decodes the given base58 string into the original data bytes .
create a new template association with a template pattern .
delete the allocated node .
tests whether an annotated type is no prefix .
tries to produce a string for a specific format.
gets broker loggers .
receive a single byte of data.
this method checks the constraints of a given resource.
validate an imdb id .
shows the video file .
writes a list of coordinates to a file.
determines whether an exception is intended for this class .
swap the matrices so that the largest value is on the pivot.
checks if the window has a popup window .
create a job to create a job in the specified cluster .
finds the class files in the given root directory and returns them .
validate the given string .
read the values from the current synapse type.
returns whether the code is compatible with this class .
creates a copy of an array with the specified elements .
creates a thread manager for the given thread .
reads the default serializable field values .
compute offset segment for a line .
returns the element at the specified location .
builds the query rules for qos.
returns the octets of the given attribute string.
formats the given double value using the specified number of places .
flushes this output stream .
returns true if string is a valid cv4 string.
constructs a proper instance with the given coordinates .
add button for clearing graph data .
given a string , return the normalized distance between s and s .
creates a number file.
determine if the expression is an entity .
returns a unescated string with the specified line separator.
adds a notification to the list .
create an nfs datastore.
check the size of the array and increase if needed.
create an album.
checks an internal name for an internal identifier .
puts all the tasks in the specified task queue .
removes quoted string .
determines whether a player has the specified leader.
redoes the given editor for the given editor .
report an completion result .
writes out protein to a given protein .
tests whether the castsables returns a boundable type .
write the ssl curve into the ssl file .
start the specified thread in the current thread .
finds an element with the given name and element .
creates a star function to use as a regular expression .
removes the specified element from the selection .
pass mouse event to delegate.
prints a formatted string to this output stream , using the specified locale and format string and arguments
transforms the xml source to the given output xml source.
tests comparison of attributes .
adds a suffix to the output .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
close the selector if any .
subtracts the value of two numbers .
add the provided attributes .
displays the history dialog with the given commands .
retrieves the current number of samples .
reads entire input stream and returns it as a byte array .
construct a stream from an publisher.
creates a new protobuf connection .
the real guts of parsenetworkresponse.
searches from notification id .
setup a green gradient.
writes a histogram of the distribution to a file .
retrieves a stage of a stage of a value.
add a character and a number.
implements the string provided by the width and height if necessary .
removes an element from the queue .
add a slide to the end of slide.
wraps a string to the specified maximum width.
creates an array with the given coordinates .
publish / send a message to an mqtt server.
cleans a directory recursively .
initiates a watermark ' s values of an image into a variance .
moves a file to a directory .
loads a tungstenproperties from a properties file.
close an input stream and ignore any resulting exception .
clears the scan files.
executes and throws an exception if expected.
below method will be used to start file based merge.
gives notification that the document was inserted into the document .
creates a new instance of parsedparseexception.
check if the component is siblings of a component.
reads in and returns an object .
subtract a negative number from zero .
creates a new plaintext component with the given integer.
is the supplied calendar.
creates an initial port.
pretty printing accumulator function for double values.
convert a yuv image to a bitmap.
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation.
test if the dom implementation is supported.
assigns the ports to a specific port .
get the next event .
append the point to the stringbuilder .
update a jcombobox with the current track .
creates a new refactoring transaction transformer .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
opens the comparison view .
adds resource definition.
determines if the string is a numeric value .
base64 - encode the given string using utf - 8 encoding .
atomically adds the current value to the current value .
gets the current time .
appends a name / value pair to the list .
create properties from the specified location .
calculates the weight for the given score .
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of the extensions .
finds the selected value .
create a directory path .
calculates the logarithm to log .
returns the x , y , and z values of the given vector3 to the given
receive a datagram packet.
convert temperature to rgb , using saturation.
adds a namemap to this builder .
java . util . arrays # fill ( int [ ] , int , int , int ,
adds all of the elements in the collection .
format the conversion string .
get resource name for a fully qualified table type .
updates the auto combo box selection.
returns the tip text for this property.
join a value array into one string .
generates a source class for an attribute .
description of the method.
get a data group.
serializes cookie object into string.
skips the given number of bytes .
resumes the paused frame .
subtract two numbers of different scales ; the first is positive.
for use with api callback.
creates a new instance of this panel.
whether a function is available.
allocates all sections in the board list .
check if we need to be updated.
get a random byte array with the given length .
creates a new weight distribution according to the attributeselectionlist.
returns a filename without its extension.
delete the attribute value .
scale based on min and max.
check if this scheme is a socket.
adds a leaf that does not contain the given parent.
adds blocks listeners to the range of blocks listening to the range of blocks .
hex - encode a given byte array.
clamp the given size to the original size and if it is not greater than the maximum
create a new wrapper object.
returns a string representation of the receiver .
encode the input data producing a base 64 encoded string .
draws the face of a given model .
adds a file system observer .
compute log ( base ) lp ( x , value ) for x.
adds the given number as a big opcode to the end of the program.
creates a new instance of a provider class given a fully - configured class loader and the
add an action to the simulation.
creates a polygon with two points.
reads the json value from the json array for specified index.
wait until the specified element is not present .
assert that this testsubscriber has been received .
is the video url.
returns true if execution is cancelled .
push the subcontexts on top of the stack .
updates the downloaded file ' s path to the download folder .
dump all options of the configuration.
creates a json object from the given resource .
creates the start of the start states of this model .
remove a container from the container list if it is empty.
creates a new density function using the specified points.
creates a serializable object .
returns true if this points.
creates a new zip entry with the specified name .
test for bug # 5.
read a dictionary file from the inputstream .
add a vertex to the list .
creates the size of the row of the given rowcount.
get the set of files contained in this set .
is operating system mac.
returns true if the given exception is assignable from the given set of exception types .
combines and returns queued messages as a single string.
prints a single integer to the stream .
returns a map of confidence objects.
checks if is all alpha .
converts a hexadecimal character to an integer .
loads a library with the given name , if possible.
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
save the key in the given file with the given name .
adds a filter to this filter .
send a debug log message .
update the statistics entry .
unit test for ctor .
returns a string representation of the tree.
splits the trace point .
flip the bits in the given array.
sets the source definition .
adds the given list of users to the local configuration.
drain the buffer if it is being used in the pool.
copies a file on the destination directory .
encode properties into string.
writes the rss element .
tests comparison of different elements .
deletes a directory recursively .
converts a string to a timestamp.
determines whether a string is a kunk .
clears all values from this map .
read a character array.
converts a string to a byte array.
play a file.
invoked after a safety process has been created .
returns an n - dimensional interval , where this function is to generate the intervals of the
searches the specified collection for the minimum element using the specified comparator .
check to see if given file is a valid hash .
add a key name to the list of keys .
updates the region with the given border .
returns the name value from an integer .
splits the given string into lines .
draws the plot area on a java 2d graphics device .
adds a hole in the ring.
register all components in the panel .
initialize the genericactivity object .
skip a number of bytes in the input stream .
generate a 64 bit hash .
creates a new create - xxx sub - command for an instantiable relation .
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog .
reads a line element .
create a new list model .
returns true if field call type is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false
maps the specified source into a source.
creates a new javadapter .
compute vplex storage metrics .
see the general contract of the readshort method of datainput.
create a replication job to copy a partition .
creates the main page .
find orders for a given map .
indicates if this file represents a file on the underlying file system .
finds the stage by the specified path.
calculates the tene temporal table .
run all bootstrap operations.
check that the index header matches the expected id.
converts the entry to a byte array .
save the current buffer with the given name .
schedule storage for a vplex storage .
returns the list of paths within the given base directory .
returns true if the specified module specifier is a module specifier .
inserts the expected pool settings into the expected pool entries .
this method will copy one source file to another one.
returns the position at the given level .
attempts to read more data .
adds numeric class to number train.
parse the groups from the json file.
handles a drag to the specified location .
checks whether the given character is an identifier .
add an header line .
load an address from a string.
encodes a string to a given url.
translates the url into a url .
after the start of an element .
guesses the type of a file , based on filename suffix .
test of all the terms , which should be equal with the given terms.
returns true for a public class .
this method deletes the amount of provisioner budget.
this method creates a transferable for the locale .
write the length of the file .
adds a generic font family to the registry .
this is used to write the reference to the given node.
parses a data string .
returns true if the entity is empty .
returns the formatted date .
returns the dotted class name as a dotted class name .
creates a new dviewsubject dialog .
plays the video to the next video.
invokes a method on an object .
copy the nodes into this nodelist.
returns the rotate stream corresponding to this path.
this will be used to remove history entries from history .
this method extracts all needed values from the styled attributes.
create a new log message .
translates actions to an action string .
return true if this loader can be loaded.
returns true if the argument is true .
check whether a string value is a boolean value .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end -
returns the formatted date .
updates the source code map with the given string.
returns a clone of this matrix .
returns the set of invalid duplicate error codes that are allowed to allow duplicate errors.
returns true if the object is visited from the target field.
removes a download from the completed list .
modifies the main query by adding a single - shard query consisting of shingled
returns the xml digest for this object .
create a snapshot file .
starts a new log file .
merges the contents of the current map with the provided key and value pairs.
deletes the preferred language of this user.
called when the video is ready to prepare and prepare for use .
parse a parameter value.
skip characters . this method will block until some characters are available , an i / o error
adds all players to the given radius .
returns an ec group object corresponding to the specified groupid.
add a header with a specific header .
return a printable string for this object .
recreates workspace table .
executes a query using the parameters passed as parameters.
close all open tags .
writes an entityreference.
links the last node to the last node.
draws the specified divider .
creates a form spec with an encoded form specification .
decode a list of input data into a list .
writes a little - endian int .
writes an double field value .
gets the next quest based on the given level .
check to see if the schedule has been changed before the schedule has been updated.
deletes a trait from this entity .
adds the given collection to the list of tables .
writes the template file .
clear the loader to be started.
get the index of an item.
adds an attribute to the attribute definition .
executes all tasks in the queue.
runs a full import query .
generate a user id based on the maxid.
starts the consumer consumer .
generates code that creates binary flags.
returns true if the label is a label , false otherwise.
write a list of types in the current order.
load configuration from resource .
closes a stream and ignores any resulting exception .
creates a new transaction .
skip characters from the stream until a character is found .
converts a package name to a path ( e.
returns true if this map contains the specified key .
checks whether the given fragment is valid.
increases the capacity of and internally reorganizes this hashtable , in order to accommodate and
saves all pois in assets.
creates a new xml element .
this method checks if the given tag has been done in the given tag.
responds to the operator for the given row .
add a new header .
this method checks the request for a given redis request .
returns whether the provided view is hidden .
delete a file or directory .
returns true if the menu bar represents a border of the menu bar .
constructs a new dom node.
create a priority queue.
traverse through each object in the stream.
get the system with the given status .
compute the distance between two points .
processes the given challenge token.
calculate the value of a p .
add new cost product.
adds undo action to the undo menu.
establish the cache if necessary.
appends text to the end of text .
validates a password using a hash .
returns a list of snapshots that contain all current snapshots .
adds a certificate to the store .
multiply two positive numbers of the same length.
this should be used to remove static methods from the graph node .
paints the background of a tab .
build an automaton that builds an automaton using the given terms .
returns the range of values the renderer requires to display all the items from the specified
shutdown the admin server .
gets the number of threads running in the process .
assigns role to a role .
creates a default threadpool with default values .
writes the initializing styles.
encodes a collection of parameters into a string .
test where each operation locks only a single resource and there is only one resource to be locked
run the next pending command .
stops the listening socket .
loads a xml document from a file.
java . math . bigdecimal # divide ( java . math . bigdecimal ,
remove the string at the specified index .
replaces the character with the specified string .
resets the file ' s last date .
wrap a mock callback .
selects cell on the row.
add zero to zero.
add a class node for a class node .
tries to format a string representation of the format " & gt ; format " variable
parse the uppercase map attribute for a unicode character.
block until the entry is empty.
creates a random zip file with the given number of entries .
checks if the given playlist name is a valid playlist name .
import xml from given file .
logs a log operation .
a method to construct a default digest method type .
creates a subset of vertices sampled in a collection .
creates a new gtm manager object.
shifts the elements of the bean from the given bean.
given a list of positions , which will be called on each location , where each object is
compiles all the files in the chart .
a method to be called when text was deleted .
instantiates a new application environment .
instantiates a new producer .
adds a layout to the layout for a layout container.
returns true if the given function is allowed for this bean .
load org access list.
close the disk cache and release any associated resources.
creates a mapping of the exportmask to a map of exportmask for the exportmask
closes the ssl socket .
returns the largest x , y.
gets the output and error stream from a process and reads them to keep the process from blocking
adds command line arguments .
returns the node with the specified boundary .
draws the axis on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a
read the contents of the urls.
generate a random color .
parses the category info into a category object .
this should be called before the old method is modified.
parses the sigma from a given input stream.
aborts the task.
adds a csp listener to the set of listeners.
print text to the given stream .
removes the values at the specified index from the array .
asserts that the null resultset is not null.
computes and returns the bounding box containing all boundingboxings.
adds a timeline to the timeline .
load lob data from file.
paints the component ' s background .
returns a copy of the given input array with the given number of elements , with a
send the event to all registered listeners .
a method that updates a region and updates its values.
load the extension from the given list of extensions .
deletes all addresses of a existing user.
set the limit of this statement.
indicates if a file exists .
skip the specified number of characters .
add the method to the api.
convert file name to specific file names.
copy a file to the specified location.
updates the delta based on the delta properties.
creates an authentication configuration .
trim a portion of a string.
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster.
send buffered data to the target stream .
calls the event on the server .
searches for the current configuration files in the specified folder .
determines if the string is equal to the specified string.
executes the given commands.
populates the blob using blob data .
removes a local file observer from the list of files observed for files .
makes this object immutable .
appending the null operator clause .
removes all elements from the queue .
update the favorite station currently selected.
appends all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this list , in
save an analysis line .
returns an iterator of all dependencies .
parses a string into an integer.
creates a buffered header buffer.
converts a date object to a date string.
perform an asynchronous request .
checks the response code.
adds a new resource source.
commits changes in the input field .
connects to the first point that is connected to this item.
handles the generic motion event.
add one class c ?.
description of the method.
construct a fp curve using the specified curve .
serializes an xml document to a string .
compute the area of a triangle.
two values are read.
casts a list to array object remove empty elements.
searches the specified collection for the minimum element .
heartbeat for a server .
tostring contains elements of this queue.
find a club and selected a club action .
constructs a pdf file from a byte array.
helper to convert an array of strings to an array of strings.
display the authenticated pilot ' s profile .
create a new moving motion .
update the list of price lists.
check that all dependencies of a module match any .
clearbit ( int n ) inside a positive number.
convert a funnel step to a funnel .
append a parameter to the given type .
adds a catch clause .
stream an array of bytes to the browser.
unlocks a transaction by key.
return a list of orders the specified number of orders starting from the given start index .
this method will be used to ensure the schema changes between db.
clear the stack trace .
create a new tilestore .
returns true if this block has been added to the chain .
description of the method.
returns true if the url is a jar file.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one .
applysettimestamp adds to the batch the query used to change the server timestamp.
creates a new accessor .
stop the timer.
this method is used to add new row to the array .
decode the base 64 encoded string data.
tries to unwrap the native stack frame at the given pc frame , if not found
schemewalk is up to path.
returns true if mime type is image.
create a new fxpanel .
returns the size of the bitmap value that is used to compute the bitmap size
left of the matrix.
removes the attribute set .
returns a snapshot of the camera with the given camera id.
creates a debugger exception from the given node.
rotates the given image by 90 degrees while changing the ratio of the picture.
update finisare need to be updated.
displays the calendar.
creates a line string from the given coordinates .
trims an array to be exactly the target a size .
closes this file .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection according to the
subtract the number of flakes.
process an array of bytes , producing output if necessary .
returns true if service requires resource name .
the main methods of parsing.
macro : convert s to v.
constructs a new publickeyconverifying identity from the given certificate .
open a jar file with the specified name .
removes all emails from this user .
javax . net . ssl . sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer
creates a new instance of pwd .
determines if a character is a letter.
call the function visitors.
create a link for clickable.
returns true if the expression is an expression.
destroys the queue.
creates a new uri from a file.
play request if audio is currently playing.
performs a binary search for the specified element using the specified comparator .
finishes the current output and flushes the output stream .
returns all elements in the given state pointing to this state.
removes a region from the collection .
instantiates a new hash cache .
marshals an enum value .
initialize the selection events .
determines whether file type has the specified file type .
this function computes the window of a given integer .
convert collection name to collection name.
fills vector with random integers in the range [ min , max ] .
returns the hash code of the object .
indicates that we should stop this thread .
compares this name to the specified object.
draws the range markers ( if any ) for an axis and layer.
decrypts the given data with the given password .
construct a vpf layer .
return true if a connection should be closed .
returns the hslashes of this color setting .
asynchronously perform execution on this executor .
determine if the queue is empty.
change a directory to a local path.
remove quotes from the column.
check if scroll timeout has been reached .
refills the input buffer .
returns a search with the given score and documents .
writes the end of the list element.
return a list of element names that are elements of the given element name .
generates a new seed .
returns the tip text for this property.
this method returns a list of job instances.
returns a binary representation of this qq .
it opens the input stream.
adds a listener that is notified about content changes .
returns an instance of this class .
query ( ) method testing.
description of the method.
jj.
extracts the id from the document.
mark the used as in use .
creates a new instance .
read n bytes into string.
shifts right an array of integers.
distinct aggregate function which update the distinct set.
removes a legion from the specified char set.
prints the buffer to the stream .
determines whether or not the body has a bf body.
retains only characters in a string .
removes the last available connection if it is available .
perform a binary search over the sorted array.
helper method to clean a transit schedule.
compares the reference to the test.
converts a list of patches into a text string .
closes the current precedence level up to the given precedence.
this method validates the sort size.
description of the method.
delete the panel.
perform an asynchronous average operation.
returns the next string in the iteration .
constructs an htmlfactory using the settings supplied .
returns a description of the route .
create a macro from an xml file.
method to delete the elasticsearch properties.
adds part to the end of the list of parts.
terminates the fsync service .
finds the nearest location for the specified location .
computes minimum and smaller image size.
creates the main panel .
clean the given chain.
checks to see if the user has been set .
factory method to create a new fs implementation using the specified classpath.
adds an element to the element .
reads entire input stream into a string.
splits a remote branch name into a single branch and the given remote branch.
encrypts the given user with the given password .
pads the given string to the given length by the given character.
re - initializes the state of the drag view .
resets the iv to its original value.
multiplies the x axis of this matrix .
shut down the datas factory .
convert the given ip array into a string .
creates a new action object .
converts a hex string to byte array .
writes a string to the output stream .
create a collection of all the permissions .
merge the given network to two zones.
prints a message to the output stream and then terminates the line .
helper function to read from given chunk size.
returns the sum of all associations between the given tax and taxa.
creates a new reversed kcodencode tree from a list of files.
parses a qualified qname to a prefix .
creates a string from a tag.
creates a new xml element .
resets the topic labels.
rotates the vector in radians .
disconnects the connection to the server.
returns a string that matches the header .
parse the sql query fields into a sparse hashmap .
sign part of the xml document referered by the supplied ws layer id and adds the
updates the ui associated listener.
adds a url to the scan.
adds a new interval to the histogram .
resets the neighborhood to its initial value .
reloads the current page .
returns true if the field is a static field .
number of pending requests in the queue .
pretty - print a string representation of the byte array .
initializes the logging for the component .
fills the view with the given position in the list.
removes a default value from the set of default values .
unit test for cache entry .
matches two arrays of the same types .
returns the hash code for the object .
creates new grid exception given throwable as a cause and source of error message .
delegates to the specified object.
adds an option to the queue.
pause client with wait for connection .
this method gets called when a bound property is changed .
add a frame to the animation.
scan all classes for the given resource .
get the text in the cdata block .
determines whether the skylay needs to be drawn for the specified block.
expands given rectangle in given rectangle .
transform a string into a string.
returns a string describing the grid width .
returns true if the network is initialized .
remove a shutdownhook.
returns the transition between two points .
obtains the string representation of the value .
checks the camera size if the camera can be reached .
append a string to the buffer .
encode a plain text string as a plain string .
returns the lookup table .
returns the total amount of delta , in nanoseconditions , in nanosecond
determines if the given string contains a single character boundary boundary.
executes a blocking operation on the underlying socket .
writes characters to the target stream .
creates and returns a table viewer.
returns a string representation of this instance .
add a new line to the shape.
checks basic missing value handling of the scheme.
disables all buttons in the interface.
load artifact at path.
attempts to acquire the lock prior state .
checks the header end of a b3 header .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
creates a transitaction object .
creates a new dviewsubject dialog .
adds a point to the graph .
check if class name is a cgl proxy class .
verifies that the discovery is part of a discovery process .
generate report for given date .
updates the text views .
gets the hash map for the given transaction .
stop the listening socket .
decodes the given data with the given key .
derives the argb value for a color based on an offset between two other colors .
add a spot at the start of this board .
creates a new attack strategy object based on the command line arguments .
creates a default threadpool with default values .
this method writes a chunk of data to the distributed server .
gets the event at the specified index.
initialize the list of custom values .
extract properties from properties file.
prints this object to the specified output stream.
converts a string to a date object.
calculates the md5 hash of the given file .
initializes the precondeters .
returns true if there is another record in the result .
trim all of the elements to fit into the list .
enters a new scope .
returns the ascii of the board as a string.
clears the cache.
transform an xml node into a set .
runs the given task .
creates the container list .
add a port to the list ofports usage counts.
pop an attribute set .
associates the specified value with the specified key in the cache.
remove a model change listener.
fire all state changed listeners.
creates name for connection .
discovers a new host id .
read a portion of an array .
draws the circles on the graph.
adds a new node to the list if it is not already open .
creates a file from the java object.
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height , and
builds a random jminite graph of given two parts.
execute the given command in the current system shell.
update the progress bar.
creates a context handler that adds the given directory to the given directory .
tests if this string starts with the specified prefix .
get the list of jvminitializers .
creates a new temporary directory in the specified directory .
tostring - return a string representation of an int array .
returns true if the specified category is a child of the specified category .
input an instance for filtering.
returns a list of all columns in the database .
add a resource.
signal the semaphore.
tests if this object is equal to another .
method to check if any of the quorum is maintained by the quorummanager.
schedule an alarm for the next alarm initialization .
request that the stop processing is stopped .
javax . net . ssl . ssl . ssl . ssl .
joins 2 arrays together , if any array is null or empty then other array will be
splits the query path into all the given uri .
handles a best search view from the provided business form .
this method must be called before a transaction begin.
add a job to the job queue .
resets the formula to a new string .
adds a constant constant .
add new data set to the list.
get the value of the info gain for this edge.
return true if the property has been removed .
deserialize a type byte array.
divide the number of one digit by the number of one digit.
show the selected neurons .
encrypts the given byte array with the given length .
returns true if any of the children of the given method has changed .
this class can ' t be instantiated .
removes special characters from a string .
instantiates a run script action .
create a web image for a url.
this method consolidates a list of installments for each receipt.
check if given string is a valid email address.
adds the given directededges in this edge to the graph .
parses an application xml file .
returns a new channel for the given key .
report the usage of the contents of this table.
adds the given topic to the subscription store .
zips file to given location.
generates hashmap for expanded state.
register a audio packet listener.
creates the extension from the passed der encoded value .
creates a new jvm instance using the given path .
adds a callback object to the callback.
remove all blocks from the section.
writes a string to a file .
check whether the given variable is a variable or not.
called by the picker for updating the header display .
returns a list of geometric points of polygon intersection .
add an action to the list .
this method loads the data from a given file .
find the class resource in the classpath .
signals the given view.
create non - cg for non - volumes .
returns a timestampedtimestamp with the given timestamp.
returns a string representation of the point .
report an error to the user .
puts a new template association with the given key and name .
creates a new unionpathiterator iterator .
attempts to read the results from a table .
throw an error message.
checks if there are another plan to finish .
adds a number ofissuers to the distribution.
builds the key selection for a selection event .
filter nodes from cache .
persists the given device to the device.
runs the test case .
assumes that the given array is in the absolute range [ upper ] to upper case where
removes a processor at the specified index .
make a new suffix chain .
constructs a by -.
notify listeners that a task was started .
throws an exception to the test case .
uploads artifact properties to file.
escapes bytes in the format used for backslashes.
converts an object array to a type .
adds the element to a security header .
skips whitespace from the given position in the given string .
updates the velocity .
returns a distribution for sample samples.
reads a certificate from an input stream .
creates a new runnable at the given timeout .
associate the given value with the specified key .
renames all tables based on table schema.
handles read from the last checked state when a journal is confirmed .
store a new float value.
applies the layout to each node .
the value of the cmd.
determines the size of a layer.
finds public static method that is accessible from the given class .
helper function to get list of my service cards.
adds a phonenumber to a list of phonenumbers .
returns only the digits and plus signs in the given matcher .
compares two methods.
finds a markersegment with the specified tag .
get input from an input stream .
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array
publish a text message .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end -
throws an invalid uri .
create the extension from its der encoded value .
generates daily periods for the whole year in which the given period ' s startdate exists
generate a secure key .
this method gets called when a property is changed .
parse the response from a json string .
loads version information from the server .
find a page of page using query by example .
add a static view to appear at the end of the recyclerview.
inserts the first character in the queue .
returns true if the connection is read or not.
consumer.
adds the expression to parent nodes.
checks whether this registry is registered .
add a low quality level to the type.
print out a message option for debugging purposes .
asserts that the timestamps for the given timestamps using the latest timest
instantiates a new spider xml parser .
flush the internal buffer to flush.
add a new hop id to this node.
returns true if the event queue is empty .
java . util . java . util . string # validate ( int [ ].
read entries from a table .
returns the number of hosts in the given network .
add the trusted certificates in the store to be included in the store .
process a lob message .
start a namespace operation.
prints this exception ' s stack trace to the specified print writer .
convert data to array .
test for correct error handling for a choice.
translates the xml string to the required value .
get the next index id .
set the values of the fields .
returns true if all security info has been specified.
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other
converts a list of byte arrays into a list of strings .
adds a new index definition .
sets the ssl keystore password .
creates a new zookeeper instance .
creates a special shortcut set based on the given character .
removes the minimum value of the subtree .
resets counters to default counters.
writes the given configuration to the given file .
turns into a list of type substitutions.
updates the location for a new location .
compares this object with the specified object .
binds the given integer property to the given value .
removes the given column from the table .
this method will write to the timeline .
close the current connection .
constructs a new instanted model editor from a bayes im wrapper .
removes an additional actionlistener from this panel .
returns true if the argument is a valid value .
generate a granularity instance based on a path .
constructs an iterator for the default locale .
close the cache and release any resources .
push a local file to the remote monitor.
adds the given cg string to a single string .
resize the cached state .
splits an 8 byte string into a byte [ ].
pretty printing accumulator function for longs.
initialize all files in the directory .
removes the specified bandwidth type .
exit with some code running .
returns the current time in milliseconds .
removes trailing newline from the given string .
generates the javadoc task .
extracts properties from a set of properties.
remove the last row in the table.
ensures that the specified component name is visible .
end the current representation.
creates a label generator with the specified number format and a number formatter .
splits a line into charseq.
create an event with a specified duration.
read a tuple from the stream.
adds a double and a string.
removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list .
load the values for this step from an xml node.
returns a hash value for the stage .
adds the specified group name to the project group .
reads a byte [ ].
clears the temporary temp files .
read a thumbnail from the file.
completed submit ( runnable ) returns result.
shrinks this area to the given area .
test of a jsonqquery.
builds the absolute stats .
serialize the classifier to the given file .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
checks if the field tag is a partition.
arrange with a fixed height and a constraint for the width and height .
executes a method invocation ( i.
finds the index of the first character in the specified search string.
increment the counter by a given key .
send the given packet to the client .
handle a key typed event.
fills a set of mapped classes in the map with the given class name to fill it
sends the constraints of this object .
create a program that satisfies an op_checkmultisig program .
deletes the instances at the given indices .
add the listener as a listener of the specified type .
calls gc2 ( c ) .
checks if the given base date is between the given start date and end date .
adds a timeout listener.
converts strings to array .
transforms a tool tip text .
writes data to the buffer .
create a new client request.
receive notification of a string.
appends a tag to the output .
returns the extra validation information for this object.
adds the given content into the top level list .
performs an instance of this builder using a given instance as a closure.
writes a sequence of bytes .
adds an index entry.
performs a qry of the query .
deletes all elements from the given start index.
creates the event type metadata .
renames document.
returns true if the caller needs credentials.
add a field with the specified value .
removes the storage from the storage .
assigns the client with the given request .
checks if the condition is correct.
loads the binary data from the given stream .
delete luns from lun group.
removes the given locators from the set of listeners.
returns true if the item is selected .
add an operation to the panel.
adds a key store .
atomically decrements and decrementcount , and decrements if present .
constructs a new http connection.
constructs a new tcp , remote host and port .
tests fix for bug # 23687 - 1.
amount of time that this process ' s waited - for children have been scheduled in memory mode
construct a program rewriter for a given program rewriter.
create the space settings .
writes string to given outputstream .
determine if a string is a valid java name.
create the command string list.
parses the directory and saves it to scan .
gets the error stream from a process and reads it to keep the process from blocking due to
deletes the string wherever it occurs in the builder .
returns a class for the given parameters.
trims all gazetteings in this gazetteer .
determines if the prompt contains the given password .
performs a quick sort of an instance using blort.
flip an image onto the x axis.
returns audit flag .
returns true if the request is a terms request .
reads the segments from the file .
compute the given time in hours.
update the minimum and maximum value for the given length .
deserialize a struct value.
create and parse the command line options.
concatenates two byte arrays .
initialize from a file .
create a global configuration using the specific parameters .
caches property values for the given database .
returns the maximum y value .
adds the specified focus listener.
adds a listener to the adapter .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
creates a mosaic levy .
compute the rank of the list.
create a new predicate using a predicate .
adds a margin to the top of margensure that it has changed.
converts a hex string to a byte array .
sends the given amount of data to the server .
helper method to fetch the schema information.
appends the specified data prefix to the given array .
returns a real array that has the real part of the given dimension .
reads partitions from the given path .
checks to see if the current seq number is low.
draws a line at ( x1 , y ).
performs some processing on the given item .
pushes the given element onto the stack .
computes the cardinality of the specified tail index .
create standard response header with cookie.
cast a object to a long object ( reference type ).
called to finish the field row .
tests that internal state of the object can not be changed by modifying initial array.
stops the adb bridge server.
updates the last received ping .
finds an integer literal in the given object .
resets the viewable area .
test the expected transfer rate rate and verify that the expected transfer rate rates are considered.
add a x509certificate to this instance .
get an iterator over all children of this node.
create a new folder if it is not created.
i - mutual information.
performs a comparison test .
takes a scale query .
print the value of an object.
check if runtime is enabled .
message processing test , no signature.
add classpath to the merge path .
load directory properties file.
factory method that creates an indeterminate a new zero - dimensional zero string .
find all classes in urls .
returns true if slo gsv format is a slo .
shuffle the inventory for a given inventory .
formats a double value .
convert a string to lower case .
run all the tests in the given step .
registers the transform for the given transform .
convenience method that signals a coroutine to exit.
shrinks this into a new character array .
creates a new and conditions with the given conditions .
drop the data from the buffer.
instantiates a new host .
updates the gui view controls .
write a single character .
selection from the loconet list.
submit a batch of data.
returns true if the current system should be added to the current system .
this method is used to determine if the object class is present in the list of the object
writes an int field value .
returns the factorial of logarithm .
this method is called from the worker thread.
atomically adds the given value to the current value of the field of the given object managed
close a closeable object .
appends the data to the file .
notify the list of sensor data listeners .
convert an ipv4 address to an inetaddress .
open the server connection.
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
adds the key / value pair to the map if it is not already present .
determine the common prefix of two strings.
close any input layers .
start the monitor thread.
reads the current video frame.
scales the icon to the given size .
sends the default serializable field values for this class .
converts this camelcase to a string in camel notation .
removes the first element from the queue.
instantiates a new movie set action .
create a new rmi registry.
read from monitored file .
resets the internal state variables .
fixes leading whitespace characters .
handles duplicate request handler request .
check if the timer has been removed from the network.
makes the given visitor visit the stack .
get native properties array .
handle a done query .
gets the current list of old identities .
change the parameter and return the hastings ratio.
description of the method.
obtains an epoch day from the epoch.
check that cache is empty .
virtualized support for map.
adds the given language to the list of languages .
returns the index of the largest value in the array that is greater than or equal to
adds a user to the internal storage .
self mix of k2 .
registers a host to the event list .
adds a flow to the queue.
creates a jar from the given output stream.
appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided integer value .
expect a server proxy failure .
removes the parameter with the given key .
recalculates the statistics for the given attribute .
returns true if the list is empty .
inserts a column at the specified position .
returns the index of the first occurrrence of the given string.
calculates the size of the rhs of a production rule .
load a script into a named script.
invokes a compiled command with the given arguments.
compute a logar of permutation probabilities .
add external properties to client .
deletes a file or directory.
adds the volume steps that have been removed.
evaluates the probablized probability of a given sample .
remove a db statement .
adjust min / pref size for columns based on preferences that spans components and columns .
read and parse the chat events.
escape a character sequence without escaping .
returns the network parameters with the given id .
adds certificates from the crlstore to the certificate store.
stores this body into the given stream .
returns the angle between two points.
append a whitespace character .
clears the given resource index .
converts the transactions to a byte array .
generates the last 6 days where the last one is the last 5.
gets the set of vertices that match the vertex pattern .
resets the summation count of unreadages.
adds a category to the list of categories .
callnonvirtualmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns an object.
tries to send all other messages to all connected hosts ordered by their delivery probability.
makes the text of a paint color .
creates a stream from values.
cache a client id .
returns the node with the specified boundary .
utility method to query the modifier flags of this member .
implements the given image container.
generate prepared statement.
creates the cell id for a given face.
updates the gui actions .
close the underlying stream .
truncates a number to its shorter than national number.
checks if the time is within the difference of time unit .
gets a histogram from a histogram .
it creates a week label .
appends a relative path to the end of the path .
returns the index of the first substring in the string .
completed submit ( null ) throws nullpointerexception.
read a signed 16 bit value.
adds a preprocessor directive .
formats the given date into the specified buffer .
clears any cached results.
filter out elements that do not have a property with provided key.
adds an attribute value .
copies all bytes from given input stream to the output stream.
prints a list of declared members of a class .
initialize the basic block variables .
process the specified event .
returns free space on windows .
attach the given header to the given sip message .
looks up the given text in the given text .
stops the server process .
create a new state with the initial value and the initial state of it.
returns the hash code of object .
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one.
verifies that the pivot count is equal to the given field .
returns a string representation of this object .
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer.
recursively visit a directory tree .
highlights all the tags in the given text .
process an array of bytes , producing the output if necessary .
push a command topic .
throws an exception for null values.
execute a http download .
set ( byte [ ] ) method testing.
flip an image vertically.
creates a new filterfactory .
execute the callable without wrapping checked exceptions .
return a string of the given length by padding the input string .
returns the hash code value for this policy object .
constructs a new unix terminal .
is cell editable - check ?.
checks if there are any pending streams and updates that have been updated.
adds a priority to the list .
action to be performed.
returns true if the given certificate is on the crl .
expands a char [ ] .
constructs an audio capabilities based on the provided encoder .
returns true if the graph labels should be used .
create the response code .
creates the default inverse cumulative probability test expected values .
appends the string representation of the boolean argument to this string buffer.
deletes the servers configuration .
sorts the values in the array.
handle a fatal error .
adds the given terminal to the list .
creates a zookeeper and zookeeper in zookeeper .
stop the recording.
writes the tag to the stream .
returns the hash code value for this timestamp.
get a type variable .
iterates from this number down to the given number , inclusive , decrementing by one
adds a select clause .
remove listener for pv changes.
test if a gts sample is a normal distribution .
create a new progressbar.
parse a repository expression .
closes this reader . this implementation closes the buffer .
adds a section to the list of sections .
load a genome relationships file.
convert the given version string into an integer array .
returns the type of the graph.
returns true if the two points are nearly equal .
load a js model from a js file .
split a line into comments .
create a list of volumes data for the given volume .
helper method to convert string to string.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
checks for the startblock.
check if the user has failed.
splits a document by size number .
validate the authentication scheme set .
create an imnapping from the given uuid .
reads the next line from the input .
base64 decode a base64 string .
create a gradient with the background.
returns a list of all possible numbers in the text.
creates a node with the specified id .
asserts that each delivery states of the specified collection are the same.
creates the scope scope for the given facets .
writes the bitmap to a file .
parse the sentence into a single sentence.
replace a child element with a new one .
gets the hash code for the specified multi - key .
flushes this buffered output stream .
adds an entry to the entry list .
updates the slide according to the current position .
flush the contents of the vcf file .
creates a new video object.
compares this string with the specified range of characters .
flushes the underlying stream .
start the servers in a new server .
evaluates the current entity .
constructs a runtimecollector for the given frequency output .
removes a provider from the service.
constructs a new date comparator .
update the series from the series .
writes an double field value .
decode an array of bytes.
return a path for a scroll bar button.
removes all views from the adapter .
check if is valid.
converts an error message to a destination file.
returns the hyperbolic cosine of the number .
add notification to container .
returns true if the attribute has changed .
gets descriptor for the given method .
produce a sample of k .
draws a message length to be used for each message.
grab the arguments from a method signature.
javax . net . ssl . ssl . ssl . ssl .
processes and returns the events generated.
resets the candidate state to zero .
defines the name of the local cache .
writes a long to the specified position .
deletes the rp volume from the rp system .
move the next frame to the output stream.
see the general contract of the readlong method of datainput.
test of getcolumnmetadata ( ) method testing.
discover the log implementation for the specified class .
creates a via header.
returns a printable representation of the record .
builds parameter list of arguments given to the target.
checks to see if the given character is a valid name .
checks if the given character is a valid start character .
returns a hash code value for this font .
instantiates a new command handler .
tells whether a given type is a float.
invoked when component has been resized .
creates a new argument with the specified type and value .
removes the specified object from the set if present .
removes the given model from the model .
read a map file.
returns the hllloss loss for a given number .
this method is overridden in navigation mode.
test deterministic sets of local random instances .
adds a new region to the match.
resets table to valid data.
asserts the given exception with the given type and throws an exception if the exception occurred.
returns true if this node is empty.
asserts that a boolean value is true .
creates a new tagkeymap converter .
initializes the debug table .
attempts to apply a request.
sorts the given file in batches .
add directory to list.
returns the maximal node in the range of nodes .
adds an amk admin token to the am sdk .
start a keypress.
determines if the given string is in a hierachy - tree.
paints a portion of a layer .
receives a char and stores it into the pipedreader.
converts a buffer to a bytebuffer .
writes a single byte .
scans a local file and a list of local files.
generate a screen out of a utf screen.
resets the start of a counter .
reads a 32 - bit int.
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
addissuername ( x509crl ) method testing.
adds a tag transformation to this tag transformation .
returns true if the file has changed .
returns the characters up to the next available string .
read tags from the file .
compute the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors.
check if database configuration has been selected .
check if a pin is incomplete or not.
generate a close - close alert alert.
returns the best parse for state " state " , potentially starting with " state " ,
parses the dom node for this dom node .
returns the distance between two points .
description of the method.
returns a new string with the given number of spaces .
creates a new integer result code and registers the exception with error code .
adds an intersection set to this set .
start video to start video.
creates a new resource locator that loads the license file located at the given url .
determines whether an exception is intended for this class .
creates a new list of projecttypes of this set.
adds notificationlistener to this mbean.
subtract two numbers of different length and different signs.
subscribes to all topics in the topic class .
deletes all attribute values that match the given service .
javax . net . ssl . sslengine # get ( int [ ]
returns true if the given class node is a public class literal .
loads the log file .
constructs a new html escaped string .
update user data.
computes likelihood of the likelihood of a tag in a given document .
returns a description of the classifier.
get whether mode is safe.
test bulk get byte [ ] with offset and length .
adds a data item to the end of the list.
returns true if the locale has been found in this message.
creates and returns an image from a docker image .
register a set of channel names .
deletes a directory recursively .
deletes all folders that have been deleted.
perform an asynchronous sum operation.
write ( int b ) method testing.
parses xml from a string.
returns true if the given volume is a valid production record for the production.
test for bug # 124.
url - decode the given string.
wait for the next poll interval .
computes and returns the dimensions for each line.
writes the icon map to the specified location .
adds a new import message .
returns the xml string representation .
returns a list of objects as string.
returns the minimum of the specified values .
reads bytes into the buffer.
adds a value from a string.
this method consolidates all input stacks and puts them into a list.
determines how many days ago time was ( rounded down ) .
check whether a w3d is a w3 - 1.
xor for zero and zero.
run the specified consumer with the specified values .
java . util . arrays # fill ( int , int , int , int , int ,
add missing values to a dataset .
inserts batches into a list of records .
removes a listener from this tab .
creates a new instance of connectmanager.
add volumes to storage group.
converts the specified string to an input stream , encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding
has the user chosen to import from pkcs8 ?.
generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key .
creates a new number tick .
check if cache is still running.
writes a log message .
returns if modifier is public.
create a map of user key to a preference object .
append a string to a string .
delete the user properties from a login file .
write a error message .
remove a new processor from the top of the pipeline .
returns the animation type or null if not present .
append a string onto the vector .
check if the given method contains the given method.
deletes a node from the list.
responds to the update button.
returns the object as a string .
checks if the xor is not supported .
compute the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors.
returns the batch size .
decode the url to an encoded byte array .
clears any cached views.
add one dataset to the dataset.
fires an end element .
creates a new vlc library .
adds a child to the display list at the specified index .
compute the minimum of a grid path sum.
creates a new date object .
creates a new dimportkeypairpkcs8 dialog .
the simple automaton uses the rules of the given automaton .
compares this object with the specified object .
adds a column to the list of columns .
checks to see if the vector is not null .
fills the string buffer with the given offset .
attempt to open file contents.
calculates kernel value of vectors x and y .
closes this output stream and its associated writer.
write a list of files to a given file .
scan internal class definition .
returns the cosine of this vector .
calculates the error of the expected values for the given prediction.
returns the number of prefixes .
appends a char value to the writer .
converts a given timestamp into a string.
consumes the specified attribute and returns it .
copies the specified byte array to this byte buffer .
adds the given key to the queue if it isn ' t already there.
constructs a tree that stores connections within the given connection groups .
returns true if the metric contains a single metric .
split a set of meta tags.
removes the given columns .
reads the service configuration information .
resets all triggers associated with the trigger id.
adds a type to the list of inherited types .
multiply histogram by scalar .
adds entries to cache .
convert a map to json string.
prints this message to the specified stream .
returns the number of methods in the list .
stores request id to request id.
saves the post postid of the specified post request .
this method is used to change the play application.
creates an element in the given scope.
convert a path to a list of files .
ensures that the security manager is used to access the security manager .
convert amount to currency .
handles an incoming client connection.
generates a unique engine id.
creates a list of rules from a file .
encrypts the wss document.
add an issue during transformation.
inserts the given node at the specified index.
creates the ntlm hash of the password .
if a number is within zero.
substitutes the macros for the given parameter .
applies the power of to the exact value .
split the camelcase character ' s name into upper case .
use an xpath string to select a nodelist.
constructs a new result entry from the specified properties .
generates xml for discovery element.
creates a new basic type with the specified sql type .
action to be performed.
sets all the properties of the parameter types and apply them.
rotates the left to the right .
add a node to the list .
check the backup set exists .
convert a comma - separated comma and separated comma - separated comma - separated comma - separated
write a string without compression.
parse the metrics file .
shut down the thread pool .
returns the point view corresponding to the given point .
called when the connection is established .
adds a new tutorial description .
compile the progress action .
returns a string containing all float numbers concatenated by a specified separator .
put an unsigned byte into the specified bytebuffer at the current position.
counts the number of parameter types.
optimize the trie with the given trie removed .
is this permission denied ?.
returns a key for all the col names that match the col names.
returns a formatter with the specified locale .
waits for an external storage device.
pushes a node onto the top of this stack .
uploads an apk to the local file and uploads the apk .
reads the given input stream and returns it as a byte array.
uninstalls a non - negative package .
open a list of tracks.
sets the name of the builder .
tests stepping through a reversed range by a closure .
this method will check the digits that are in the allowed precision and return 0.
deserialize a string from a string .
append query parameters to the base url.
send an event to agent .
applies the given filters to the given list of topics .
add a tuple from a data field.
close outputstream without a exception.
add a new listener to the list of listeners .
whether or not a single attribute container container is supported .
creates a new cache .
opens the file with the given file .
toggle the selection status of the item at a given position.
hook method for preprocessor.
maps a char to a minimum value .
produces an instance of this method.
wrap keyword with keyword.
adds the given issue matchers to the list of issues .
finds the scope for an annotated element .
registers an openkey with the given key .
removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list .
sets the iterator back to the previous iteration .
create a new repainted resource.
determines whether a composite name is a prefix of this name.
invokeany ( c ) returns result of all promises.
creates a new internal listener .
signs the given hash .
creates a new time period .
create the edit menu .
removes the given listener from the list of listeners .
called when the current model is being tracked.
determine if bom is bom.
returns true if this is signed .
parse a text representation of a json data structure .
returns the number of segments .
creates a simple database from an empty file .
adds the file filter filters .
called when the service is stopping .
returns the next delimiter .
implements the " uniinitiosuario " siosuosu
add the source to the list of neurons that are below the input neuron .
shiftright ( int n ) , n > 0.
compute the cosine of c2 .
finds the first whitespace character in the specified string .
read the contents of the input stream.
creates a primitive type with the specified value .
creates and adds a cash journal entries for the given cash journal.
reads a sequence of bytes from this file into the given buffer.
removes all time from a calendar .
returns the probability distribution function .
converts an integer to a string , and appends it to the given buffer.
draw the text values in the text area .
test de busqueda active directory.
this method is called when a virtual key is activated and a virtual action is executed .
returns a hash code value for the position .
strips leading spaces.
determines if a provided configuration directory is a required configuration directory .
removes all labels that are not in the label .
rotate the z axis.
convert a nanoseconds to nanoseconds .
perform an asynchronous maximum operation.
creates a new http client .
converts an array of type arguments to a character array .
prints the current line to the output stream .
increases the contents of the buffer to the given size .
handle the distribution for the class.
is the load more data load ?.
add a thread to the list of idle tasks if it is not empty.
removes the node at the head of the frontier , adds the corresponding state to the explored
creates a new bitmap with the given image font and places it in the bitmap
returns true if the specified memory pool has been acquired .
returns a simple string representation of the dataset with the type and the number of entries .
run the callable interpreter.
add a selector for a specific protocol.
add an http header .
reads the knl entries from the given reader .
returns no non - null non - monogamous samples .
creates a vao for the scene .
returns true if the file contains a given file .
load up a char - based image from the given file .
notify all of the receipts that have been cancelled.
add an animation to the animations array.
removes all discovery discovery from the database .
initialize the wordset .
returns true if the input string is within specified range .
unregisters the given directory.
adds a property to this filter.
removes the column with the given name.
check the unmanaged protection set exists in db.
copy a string of a sequence of bytes to a destination string.
check the query ' s retry.
atomically updates the current value with the results of applying the given function .
close the window , and remove it.
determine whether or not a new resource should move .
this function is used to convert the throwable exception message to jdk 1.
creates a new rrdfile instance .
adds a " minutes " , labels " and the " values to the " set of
recompute the set of variables that are currently active .
handles a property change event.
sorts the given array in ascending numerical order .
executes a sql update .
compute the text of a text line .
load hadoop connection .
adds a collection of indices to the given collection .
returns true if cookie is secure.
loads a json serialized model from the given stream.
creates a multiliteration for a collection of paths.
determines the weight for each character in the given channel .
updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate5 ( ) . updates row with referencing ones and
updates the exceptional state of the ir .
converts the contents of the string into a spaced string .
parse content of the given byte array.
this method will be used to define some caching before reading.
same as the start and end point on the contour.
this method parses and returns a list of differences .
write the content to the output stream.
add qty to qty.
determines if a character is a vowel.
print the stack trace of a sqlexception to a print stream .
readdata - read the event from the input stream.
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
builds a row for the specified component .
adds additional target elements to the set of targets .
adds the last point to the path .
divide : rounding mode is round_up , result is negative.
it opens the counter file input stream.
construct a composite with two clauses .
returns the next word .
appends the string representation of the given string to the given output buffer.
test if the file exists.
builds the associations of the data .
replaces the first occurrence of a substring in a string .
prevent initializing this class .
adds an object class .
return the first child element with the given name ; if name is null returns the first element
main entry point for the javafx application .
returns the hash code for this string .
tests the functionality of the method , which allows to add all helper text colors , which are
normalizes the values in the array .
writes a file to a file.
returns a hash code value for the classifier .
returns a random number between 0.
writes a byte array .
called when the configuration has changed .
retrieve a key map from key.
returns true if the given name is a gm name for gm pattern.
transforms a uri into a proper string .
removes the mapping from the specified key , replacing the previous mapping with the specified key with
helper method to add a complete match against a surface .
starts the processing time .
get a single row of the table.
removes all characters from the given string .
add all columns to the database .
copies content from input stream to output stream .
this method is called when the stream drawer has changed , and it is ready to see if
test for default values of type p_base .
copies component and returns its component name .
generates a za - random zeta - 1 .
calculate and returns the pending balance for this plan.
launch the user profile .
scrolls to the specified number of items greater than the current amount .
returns true if the given string is quoted ( i.
parses a log file counter .
loads a xml document from the given file.
returns a new floating point comment .
is the given assignment service.
create a singleton for the given languages.
match the status of the given spec.
assigns cluster nodes to the cluster .
closes the current subpath path.
instantiates a new tv show episode scrape task .
save selection to the current table.
creates a notificationattributes object .
cleans up a build task .
creates a temporary directory in the database .
move to a location .
sends an event to the track .
handle a header press.
creates a list of fixed records .
adds the specified attributes to this query .
recompute the attribute set.
split a string by regular expression .
deletes the db files in the given directory.
specialized version of last node .
appends the nal data to the given array.
counts the size of a directory recursively .
pans the view provided by the x , y.
asserts that the given object matches the serialization .
returns the url of the documentation page .
compute the mean of the list.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
initializes an input stream from a url .
delegates to enable full screen runnable.
extracts html entities from a string .
writes a vector of bytes .
unlock user interface.
build a map of uri to remote arrays .
password based encryption using aes - cbc 256 bits .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
called when the editor is installed .
returns true if ssl connection is secure .
samples a record .
instantiates a new tenant parameter .
forces the internal error to the system.
draws the node highlights .
creates an imagewriter instance for the specified format.
adjusts the touch image to be displayed as a pinch view .
parses a option , uses default if option is missing .
is the ac balancing balanced.
increases the capacity to ensure that it is at least the specified minimum .
returns the detail base name of the specified method .
closes the output stream .
locks the lock in the awt location.
create a statement interceptor to create a statement.
deletes an update by id.
prepares the setup panel .
creates a client authorization object .
adds a new field accessor for the named accessor .
parses no wildcards.
get the environment variable .
the graphical representation of a series .
adds a mod log to the server.
checks whether the class name is a valid class name .
start a timer for a certain minutes.
check if the data is scheduled .
remove a list of breakpoints from the breakpoint manager .
replaces a creation provider template with the given name .
read the listeners from the stream .
adds the specified item to the list .
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string .
create a new cluster server .
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
completedstage ( ) returns a minimal completionstage.
writes the " directory " post - entity " to the given directory.
trims an array to be exactly the target a size .
gets the potion type from a name .
remove curlmesh from this renderer .
sample the ndl results from the source list .
performs runnable on runnable.
returns true if the underlying map is closed .
creates a guesstime step with the current time .
adds an instruction to the graph .
increases the capacity of the buffer to ensure that it is at least the specified number of
removes the name of the image.
deserializes the json collection from the given input stream .
adds a target attack to this entity .
check if a key exists in the database.
create an omraster , lat / lon placement with an imageicon .
copy stream data to given output stream.
writes the header of a pdf page.
parse a closing character.
generate the unwrap for the given type .
formats a given array of link parts .
creates a new jsonobject .
takes an array of utf - 8 , tries to make sure it ' s one
initialize the pattern map .
filters all the directories in a directory or subdirectories .
append the text of this tree into a new string with the given buffer.
encodes an int value into a string .
removes the given cell overlay .
removes the given foreign key .
inserts the string representation of the int argument into this string buffer.
adds a set of gefae.
normalizes the classpath by removing all classpath components from the given path .
construct an object with the given sequence value .
pushes a value onto the stack .
this method adds a string conversion to a string node.
updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate2 ( ) . updates row with referencing ones and
asynchronously perform a history operation.
validate if the uri is valid.
notifies all data that a write has been written.
extracts the offset of a single offset to the physical address .
an internal entity declaration .
returns true if the operation is authorized .
returns the next element in the array .
add messages to the queue.
set a permission request object.
construct a generic unique principal object .
returns true if the specified object equals to this instance .
simulates rolling a dice with rolling roll with random shifts .
transform a octetet into an array of octets .
creates a new panel object .
computes the height of the list of markers .
asynchronously consume all the keys in the specified group .
calculates the distance between two instances .
finds the content of the given query .
deletes all triggers in the database.
returns the dot graph .
resize the tables if the object has changed .
checks to see if there are an inetaddress that can be made .
converts a percentile value to a number of percentile.
extracts the queue name from a db queue name .
use a symbol by its name.
returns the angle in to the touch state .
get a int value from the data starting at the given offset .
removes the options for a file.
generates a label for the specified dataset .
performs a set of uri strings matching the given pattern .
recomputes the preferred size .
finds the declared field by descriptor .
constructs a new instance , based on a particular date / time and a time zone .
disallow construction of utility class .
if there is no field with the specified key , then associate the given value with the specified
reads the boolean value from the json array for specified index .
generate the boxing operator for the field .
opens an pdf file in the memory.
this method is called from the javafx application .
waits for a queue to be matched by another thread .
constructs a signature list of a partitions .
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number.
finds and returns the end of string if it ' s not found.
calculates the coordinates for each character.
convert a julian date to a java date object .
remove the last element in the list .
serialize a rdf structure .
computes the utility table for the query variable .
convert a list of score numbers to an array of strings.
moves the image to the next image .
loading method . ( see nbt_tag ).
this function is used to find the best attempt to find an operation in the list.
writes a short ( 16 bit ) to the target stream .
check whether pool is initialized.
instantiates a new open page .
registers any additional invalid subjects .
trims a line from the beginning of a string.
return the distance between two points .
appends instructions to the target .
returns an iterator over the ordered list .
verify that the user ' s domain are not in use .
filter the circle of segments.
instantiates a new test method .
utility method to find a serialization type by the given annotation.
converts the given demo data to an output stream .
returns map containing the two entries .
writes a character array .
load sounds from the mary voice.
puts a key / value pair into the array , optimizing for the case where the key
add a incremental classifier listener.
see the general contract of the readdouble method of datainput.
generates certificates and returns certificates from the specified stream .
convenience method that compares files on the destination of a source directory and returns true if
convert a query to an offset.
saves the block range in the list.
this method is used to update purchase history in history.
configures a message label .
removes all limit lines .
removes all of the elements from this filterable.
returns a renderer for the dimensions that match the specified coordinate in world coordinates.
flushes this buffered output stream .
constructs a vector with the specified components .
remove the inner class from an inner name.
converts a longitude to pixels .
test if a world value file object is a valid world value .
store the data in the specified register.
removes a remote session from the set .
returns a string representation of this object.
get an iterator over the children of this page.
enables metrics for the server by setting " opt - out " to true in the config
instantiates a new hmac hash .
returns whether this builder starts with the specified string .
calls the bytes from the provided bytebuffer .
return true if the class was loaded from the application src / directory .
read ldif record from the given file.
prints the data for a specific row from the input stream .
this method is called after the remote lock has been successfully created.
loads the positions of all positions in the database .
instantiates a check box with a check box .
this method adds a requestbatch to a completed list.
deletes the output buffer at the given position .
create a jobdefinition that is using fixed delay delay .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
stores given long value.
creates the minimum of a single file .
sign part of the xml document.
displays the popup for the editor .
creates a new instance .
returns the best firing plan for the given heatover .
maps a volume to a list ofvolumes.
posts a list of file names.
clear all searchable items .
adds an action listener.
adds an ingredient to the list .
get the order by clause.
finds the clone of the given key.
converts a string to bytes using the specified encoding .
description of the method.
this method is called before running in the osdk .
adds a meta string .
the code that does the real work of lookup.
finds all history records for the given job .
return a printable representation of the given character .
if a landmark has been added to the next landmark .
returns a string describing the detailed error .
draws the indicator at the specified position .
write a line of values to the file.
returns true if the input stream contains pem encoded.
creates a new close listener .
controls the shard routing of the request.
receive data with a specific buffer size.
deletes an attribute at the given position ( 0 to numattributes ( ) - 1
adds a new alphabetic label with the given locale .
wraps the given key and returns it as a byte array .
creates a new java plugin loader .
adds a separator line .
test if storage location exists.
loads a list of raw modules from the database .
writes the data for this segment to the stream .
rounds a value with a random number .
convert a set of properties to a type .
creates a register representation of a register node .
constructs a new thread factory .
unit test for numum.
adds a transaction to the server .
adds a delay to the given number of times .
test split and join of semicolon.
test verifies that json - bitmap can be parsed as a boolean .
true if we are busy .
parses bytes from input stream.
reset the bandwidth to the default bandwidth .
tests whether a security role is correctly merged into an empty descriptor .
decodes a full revision .
removes all characters of the child node.
unregister a trail from the tree .
returns the friction between two floats.
serialize a object to a json string .
compile a " unsafe " instruction.
returns true if the volume can be expanded .
update the gui to show .
returns the value of a number.
sets the terminal size of this terminal.
returns true if the request is allowed to gzip.
create a new replay processor .
show conversations with list of conversations .
reads a single byte from the stream.
enqueues a job to be executed.
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number.
receive notification of the start of an element .
draws a string using the specified text .
reads into the specified character array.
updates the current nonce parameters .
matches the storage pool with the given vipr.
calculate fee based on player fee .
add the search history for the current search field.
trims all files from the source list and removes them.
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array , with the given string
writes a little - endian short .
specifies the order of the query by using the order specified by the field ' s query
create a stemmedstring from one string ( original ).
merges the logstream using the current configuration .
converts an array of cipher suites into a string containing type of cipher suites .
constructs a new extension file filter for an extension .
ensures that the tuple has at least one row in the array.
determines whether the argument is an argument .
removes all children of a given node from the tree .
forces the value to the specifiedobject .
the savepoint is a valid savepoint.
set the columns of the current resultset to the given result set.
writes a collection of strings to a file .
remove all elements from the list .
reset the uuid validity.
write ogg page header to stream.
handle a static request request .
remove the given room .
discharge of items.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this queue.
adds the specified elements to the selection .
test if a specific feature is supported by this feature.
get partitions for given node id .
loads the specified url from the image loader.
build the pivot row.
description of the method.
creates a new line with bidi code .
validates the caller ' s permissions against the caller ' s package .
paints the background of the frame for the title bar.
add a graph listener.
this method tries to install the patch directory itself.
recofer the real alignment data .
convenience method for testing .
creates a new instance of this class.
appends a file to the listener .
the method that returns a list of white white list .
determines whether the given name is scoped.
creates an input buffer for an input buffer .
loads a configuration property from a file .
pretty printing accumulator function for boolean.
renders the clause in textual representation .
remove all listeners from the database .
loads the audio map .
add a generic attribute to the class attribute .
helper method to add fta event events to a list.
creates a new instance of a class loader .
checks that a uuid ' s uuid matches the specified string .
prepare for a write.
clean up the session.
writes the trace of this object to a stream .
creates an operand with the given value .
add an existing header .
adds a child node .
cumulative density function.
remove the result from the list.
add new entry to filter.
modor for a negative number .
creates a new dexportprivatekeypkcs8 dialog .
aggregates the aggregate expression for a sql expression .
returns the offset of the x axis .
called when the user has finished.
writes the given text to the file .
adds days to the current date .
creates a file in the local cache directory.
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
removes the entry object from the dataset at the specified index.
runs the given byte buffer .
closes given resource logging possible checked exception .
internal method to remove instance from cache .
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height , and
generates the command for the scheduler .
add a solrinputdocument to this request.
performs a step on the first phase of the last phase of a key.
creates a new empty simplepermissionset .
add a curve to the shape.
read all buckets from preferences.
returns the next character in the stream .
accept offer from offer list.
verify the signature of a provider.
generates activity scope graph using activitymodule plus additional activities .
executes a write request .
reads a local date .
removes the specified listener from the list of listeners who will be notified when the selection changes
description of the method.
helper method to read a string from an inputstream.
builds type parameters from a list of types .
frees a free space .
reads the input stream and closes it.
see if within two moves of solution .
creates a new pennbank reader .
unwraps the specified byte array as a rsa message.
closes the write half of the stream .
applies changes to the specified row .
normalizes a namedlist from an empty list .
returns true if the value is infinite .
generates a log message for the current thread .
adds a new value to the category .
read in the redundancy map from an existing index.
output xml declaration of a declaration.
returns true if the vector is valid .
resolves the given url , and returns its resolved url .
calculate the maximum depth of all nodes.
produces an array of urls.
adds the final stack to the final output .
called when the connection has been closed .
stores integer value with volatile semantic .
creates a new strategy with the specified field number .
creates a uri from a set of servers.
creates a new plotator .
adds a new column class for the given header .
constructs a new point comparator .
adds an element to a xml element .
flushes the output buffer .
inserts the specified character into the front of the first character .
adds an instance of the given class to the list of interfaces.
reads the bytes from the input stream.
determines if the window should be shown .
processes and starts a number of tests tag.
inserts the specified character at the current position of the string buffer .
adds a root element to the list.
expands the given element or tree to expand it .
appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided float value .
instantiates a new svn parser .
ensures that the max width and height is resize.
indicates whether the given charsequence is a normalized sequence of normal characters .
get a textual representation of this attribute.
unescapes a som string .
saves the async data for the given entity .
reads a copy state from the given input stream .
description of the method.
this method does the actual work with the given tokenid , or null if the token was
returns a new color in a given factor .
converts an operand size string to a string representation .
generates the filename for a class name.
writes the process variables for this process to the given process .
asserts that a qualifier namespace is set .
formats the float array d with the specified number format .
shift n - 1 , i.
removes the viewpoint at the given indices .
removes all listener change events .
updates the input field .
remove the ignored view .
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
ensures that the resource is being leased .
below method will return the max for n fill.
clear the list of values.
toggle the section of the given section.
combines one or more files on the input file .
stop scrolling instance.
executes the sum of two parameters.
create a text response with fixed length .
return the next element ( if any ).
replace the end of the endpoint .
make the ok path .
adds a member to the group.
adds a list of strings to a list .
computes the fully qualified name of a widget type.
process a fxtype atom.
extracts a map of strings from the given string .
does a http delete .
computes the run sum for the statistics.
returns a copy of the categorical table .
adds a new sub - configuration to the main configuration .
maps a service name to a map of service names .
create a new integercolumn .
returns a string representation of this object .
checks if the current work has been processed or if there is still one of the work in
queue a bitmap into the queue .
adds a listener to the list of listeners.
attempts to read more data .
creates a new relation notification .
add data to buffer.
check if the specified host is a local host or not .
compute the entropy entropy ( i.
save the current instance to disk.
calculate the color based on the given coordinate .
reads characters into a portion of an array .
adjusts the indentation for the current block.
output the code for the given type.
creates a new forward planner object .
add a button to a button .
returns true if the specified tag is not found in this tag.
returns a string representation of the business object data key .
parses the talk usage file.
finds the enclosing call enclosing method in the call chain .
method generates an osv4 iso 8601 environment file.
create an actionable event .
instantiates a new rational object .
remove all notifications of a specific type .
unify the rule.
adds node to uuid.
gets object field offset .
generates xml representation of this object .
disposes the run button .
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array
shutdown the server thread .
returns true if the given string is a valid local id .
start a server socket .
returns true if a node is waiting for a given node .
resets the output builder and initializing them.
writes carriers and their plans into a xml file .
removes a listener on the event .
test that an activity with a launcher intent has no activity .
notifies the name that the given candidate is similar to the given candidate with the given name
writes header to file .
returns the java build .
constructs a new voice result .
tostring - stack , sorts keys and values .
adds a category to the list of categories.
adds a listener to the list of listeners .
launches the activity for a given note .
adds an entry to the entry.
hide the action bar .
formats the time into a formatted string , with utf - 8 .
returns the real value of the rp distributed rate .
attempts to collapse newlines in a newline by removing the newline from the
read the default serializable field .
returns the total of the values in one column of the given data table .
opens the given file .
beancontextmembershiplistener method .
performs some processing on the given item .
removes instances from containers during scaling .
draws a line from the receiver .
kills a loconet command line with loconet info.
starts a listening socket .
parses the given bit mask .
verifies the signature of the passed in parameter.
adds a match string to the list of match strings .
returns a timestamp in seconds .
converts an input string to a byte array.
stops the track of the job , if any .
returns the correlation of the variance .
returns a string representation of this indicator.
creates a new instance .
updates the attributes for a new attribute using the old version .
convert a java class name from canonical form .
emits a field to ensure that it is valid.
unregisters a client for the given proxy id.
handles double quotes handling .
allocates a new containers in the given list .
check if uri represents local resource.
wait for the file to be mounted on an obb window , or waits for it to
this method is used to determine if this resource is a zone resource.
validate a message with a specific type.
close all the database connections.
this method calculates the md5 digest of the message.
runs the given metastore job with the given diff file .
deletes the list of existing entities.
test of findmessagesuid method , of class hbasemessuids , of
queue an event to be run .
adds an error message to the user.
ensure the capacity and size of the target array , increasing the size if necessary .
write a new value .
processes a query using a specific request , and closes the solrquery .
returns true if the two links are the same .
generates a sanitized string that is used to be used in the api.
remove provider from the provider list.
parses an xml element from a dom element .
formats the given amount to a string.
delete an instance of the entryclass .
read all the properties from the dhcp client .
log the warning message .
reads the input stream as a string.
constructs a new array vector with the given preset value .
unregister a transaction service listener .
sorts the level array of levels.
tests that the given model class node is a valid model .
called when the mapbean is added to a beancontext , or when the other object is
removes all layers from the list.
returns the number of productions in this production .
create a full path with the specified path.
write the object to a stream .
indicates whether some other object is equal to another .
constructs an object with the given field name .
process an event log .
remove a member listener.
adds a message to the given uri.
present the image on the screen .
decrement a calendar by one day .
binds an angular object to the native object.
removes from the given list all indexes from the specified list .
creates a new panel object .
determine if the object is an object.
interpolates the interval in milliseconds .
requests a list of mods or channels which are requested in the channel list.
returns true if this value has the given value , false otherwise.
rename an existing file.
handles exit status code .
remove the specified sensor from the model .
prints a way line.
returns a string representation of this vector .
gets the full path of the managed object.
checks to see if there are more proxies in the graph .
returns true if the mouse event has been picked off .
returns the hashcode for this object .
specifies a map of mappings that should be mapped to the given pattern .
extract a zip file to a given directory.
creates a new config file with the given path .
creates new gotodialogdialog.
forges and sends the teardown request.
parses more data from the input stream .
test with the war.
returns the length of the filled string .
returns true if this object is equal to another .
send the wifi state .
check if a key exists in the map.
removes the specified listener from the list of diagram change listeners.
builds a new connectivity grid to use for the given integer range .
strips leading and trailing part from a string .
clears the host context .
creates a parameter object .
adds the chart to the stage .
accept and return a new chart event.
adds a new set of names to this one .
creates and starts a tailer for the given file .
is operating system mac os.
returns the number of values in this array .
creates new dviewasn1dump dialog where the parent is a dialog .
trims value on a string.
puts an object into the queue.
dispose - free resources .
the signed point is the same as the result of p_point.
expands the given number string as a real number .
fill an array with zero values .
submits a permission request .
tests deploying a default instance .
prevent construction of utility class .
creates a new delete - xxx sub - command for an existing relation .
removes cycles from the graph.
returns a string representation of the given matrix .
finds an ancestor node that matches the given pattern .
kill the agent .
attempts to encode a character buffer .
creates a new metric object from the given map .
resolves a class from a jvm class .
returns true if a point is inside the world .
inserts a byte array at the specified offset .
return true if the anti - alias is used .
method to read level file.
helper to validate a zero file .
save the tag in the stream .
returns a mask for the specified value.
compute the total time.
reads in a binary file.
this method is called via reflection from the database.