return the current depth of the tree.
compute the union size of two bitsets.
called when the user is closing the edit form, indicating the user is closing the edit form
returns a description of the classifier.
returns the smallest sector containing the union of this sector and the specified sector.
returns true if the double value is equal to the double valuetocompare.
integer value of a negative bigdecimal.
recursively walk the directory. if a directory or one of its sub - directories is cancelled
get an array containing the ordinal values for a given tuples field using the default literal comparator.
java. math. bigdecimal # divide ( java. math. bigdecimal, java.
this method gets called when the dataset of the widget changes the status of the axes.
call the scheduler's onschedule ( ) method to schedule the packing plan as a
returns true if the type is a string type, or false if it is a reference to
validates a sql statement.
converts to object array.
test whether to log'trace'at level'finest '.
use a projectile if the player is holding an ammunition, otherwise use the
creates a new tcp matcher with the given network configuration.
recursively goes through the edge list and finds the maximum level of the tree.
request to reenter your pass code.
adds the given worker to the list of failed worker instances, but does not terminate the thread
insertfunctionalitytest # testinsert4 ( ). inserts a row into a simple table
puts a mapentry to the disk.
description of the method.
send a message to the log at the fatal level. if wtf enabled is turned on
removes all leaf with the given name from the catalog tree.
returns a string representation of this vector.
returns true if the given character can be used in the given offset in the given string,
removes the specified thread as a shutdown hook for this virtual machine.
bounds the current scroll if necessary and returns true if the new scroll is bigger than the current
wait for the volumes specified in the request to be visible.
override this method in order to perform additional services specific in the context of the calling thread.
updates the view with the contents of the specified input element.
paints the image using the specified graphics context.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection via the given event
returns true if the name is prefixed with a'- ','- ', '
close any connection object that was created with acquireanyconnection ( ) or createconnection ( )
adds a collection of actions to the quickactionview.
adds a renderer to a particular index.
copy an input stream to an output stream, notify the listener when the image is ready to
calculate the angle between the y axis and the angle in degrees of the axis.
return a buffer back to the pool.
creates a new instance.
returns a new charseq by concatenating the characters of this seq and the specified charseq
process the http get request.
set the current state and fire a property change if the oldstate is different from the new
create a biginteger that contains the same order as the getorder ( ).
formats and logs a message and a throwable.
constructs the redis key used to store the pinlater job state in a redis queue.
decodes a charset name from an ascii - encoded string.
adds a restricted domain to the list of restricted domains.
constructs a new instance of this class.
javax. sql. rsmd. isautoincrement ( ) method testing.
copy the contents of the given byte array to the given output stream.
returns true if the list is empty.
render a gif frame, and return true if the frame was successfully rendered, or false if
returns true if the string is a valid ncname, i.
adds a new message to the end of this list.
prepare the dataset data.
generates the serviceregistrar array that contains all the proxyregistrars in the
check if the given value is a valid value pattern.
creates a new journal that omits redundant data.
removes the recurrence. < p > removes the recurrence information. < p > removes the
copy the nodes of the given dtmiterator into this dtm object in document order.
returns true if we need to refetch data, or false if we need to refetch
constructs a new document type with the specified qualified name, public id and system id.
returns a copy of this field as a byte array.
try to find an enum constant based on the style name.
return the next avc au frame for the specified mpeg / streamuid.
creates a map of exportmask id to exportmask in the database.
inserts the element at the specified position in this array.
write the " no scale " image to the page.
put a document node in the cache, if there is no cached node for this node,
updates the progress. if the progress label has changed, this method will be called again.
copy the contents of the given input stream to the given output stream, and close the given
fades audio audio of the given type to the given length.
draws the graphical representation of this view.
load the properties from the given class ( or any of its sub - classes ).
add zero to a number.
converts the gps datetime field to the format " yyyy - mm - dd HH : ss
determines whether the given cell consumes the specified event type.
read a byte from the input stream and return it as an integer with the two higher -
creates the y axis for the y - axis.
returns the current value of delta_max.
prints the contents of a java file to the specified file.
extend this rule with the alternative groundings in the other rule.
return the next token that matches the given pattern, or throws an exception.
make sure that gettabletypes returns a sorted list of the table types in ascending order.
gets the file channel from the cache and adds it to the cache if the channel has not
removes a listener from the list of listeners that will be notified when a swipe occurs.
returns the descriptor for the given field signature.
adds parameters to the request body.
converts the annotation interface to an annotation class.
is it possible to find the resource support ar for the given id?.
create a electronic text method.
constructs a new patternguardexpr with the given namespace, name, parameters and guarded
compute the intersection of two lines by line ( a ) and line ( b ).
this function is used to remove removeo from originalset and return a set of entries that
returns the unix timestamp of the current time.
returns true if the key is a pdf, false if it is not.
draws the grid background and borders.
opens a zip file at the given path.
unpacks a char [ ] from a string.
called when the files have been copied from a previous build to a new build.
returns the common submitter queue for the current thread or null if there is none.
returns true if the given field is a private field that is a public or protected field.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_up, result is positive ; distance =
returns a string of the following characters : - - - - - - - - - -
load the data from the given input stream.
calculates the radius of the mf - selector.
measures width according to the passed measure spec.
unit test for getbytearray method, which tests byte [ ] as byte [ ].
called when the object has been added to the admin level.
parses a local number.
converts a set of path values to a set of pixel values.
decodes a base64 encoded string.
ensures that the player is in a valid state.
slide - in from top to bottom animator.
creates a new mutable biginteger with the same value as the given one.
error handler for default_tenant_error_handler, which is called when the tenant is
constructs a checkpointmanager which reads the checkpoint manager data from the specified input stream.
constructs an indexsegmentindex with the given store at the given checkpoint.
returns the liveness value for this column.
inserts the given value into the given parameter map if it's non - null and
returns the minimum amount of space the layout can use for the given target container.
select the item at the given position in the list.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
adds the given text node to the current node if it is not already in the document.
waits for the editor to be active for a given page.
computes the largest solution for the given objective in the population.
convert lat - lon values to y values.
this method is used to register the callback handler for the sms notification service. this method is
parses a property list from an input stream.
computes the current score function.
creates a new instance of the grammaticalityestimator class.
check to see if the zone link should be generated.
throws an exception if any value is not a valid double.
processes an incoming connection event and sends it to all registered connection listeners.
returns the percentage of values in this constant set in the given range ( 0 to 100 )
quietly closes the given closeable object without throwing an ioexception.
release a pagecontext and remove from the list of running pcontexts. if register is set
adds a new event listener to this object.
returns true if we need to re - compact the journal if we have fewer than op_
converts a string to a byte array.
loads the properties from the specified classpath.
returns true if the given object is a graph with the same name as this graph.
parses a name / value pair.
handle a " pull " event.
returns the object at the specified location in the mapping.
parses the given velocity template file and returns the output as a string.
calculates the difference between two strings.
create a new instance of the repository.
counts the number of tokens in the string.
add a document to the index.
reset all the common components.
displays an error message and notifies the user of an error.
reads the default serializable field value for this bean context.
paint the enabled state of the arrow.
log a message thrown. if a throwable is not found, it will not be logged.
convert a zero to biginteger.
called by the accelerometer sensor when the accuracy of the accelerometer is
returns true if this command - line option allows trailing " - " or " - ".
setmaxcrl ( biginteger maxcrl ) method testing.
shows the bookmark popup menu if the mouse event is a popup trigger.
remove a task from the task queue, if it exists, or returns false if not.
java. math. bigdecimal # divide ( java. math. bigdecimal a, java
ensures that the given path exists.
load a class. < p > if resolve is set to true then the class will be
measures the width of this view.
returns true if child at x, y is clipped.
creates a new instance of the rules class.
writes a byte array to a file.
inserts the specified item at the end of the array.
checks if there are any pending custom messages and adds them to the msghist.
determines the number of consecutive digit characters.
parses the current node and adds the node to the queue.
calculates the correct scramble image height multiplier for a given scramble image type
writevalue ( int [ ] x ) to stream ( float [ ] x ).
closes all the cache callbacks except the listener.
finds the index of the first occurrence of the specified element in the specified array of elements
populates the profiles combo box with the selected profiles.
check the header of the file, throwing an exception if it's not the right thing
get the absolute value of this complex number.
get the oid of a supported algname from a map of algnames to oid strings.
provide reflective behavior to construct instance of generator given an array of string arguments.
refills the input buffer.
this method is called when mouse events are received from the map component.
adds a module to the module list.
check to see if there are any tables in the database.
classifies the given features, and returns a list of the class names that have been added
binds the given holder to the given position in the list of the items in the list
updates the line label and the horizontal line radio button depending on whether the horizontal line radio button
draws a rectangle centered on ( x, y ), centered on ( x, y
updates the loading views width and height depending on the orientation of the ui.
replaces the split element at the specified index with the specified split element.
appends rootid + rootid to result as a start of an item list.
returns the initial number of splits based on the given number of records.
invoked when a mouse button has been clicked.
scans the source directory for source files and returns the list of files found.
return true if there are any postponed routes.
returns true if there is at least one selected element.
constructs a new igfs path from the given uri.
reads a xml element attribute ans cast it to an int value.
fully read the contents of a reader and write it to a string.
adds a getter function for the specified property assigned to the specified property number in the event.
mark the entry as used.
executes this command and returns the value of the return value.
handles the case when a state with the given endpoint has been left.
registers implementing class of the signaturealgorithm with algorithmuri.
creates instance of this class using settings stored in the specified file.
returns true if the specified input char sequence contains a word - breaking character.
check the interior intersections of all segments in the list of segments string.
removes the first occurrence of the specified element from this vector.
returns null if none can be compose, otherwise returns a new instance of this class.
adds a column specification for the columns used in the cdc columns.
converts a field name from the form ". fieldname " to java field name.
generates a random key.
throws an illegalargumentexception with the given error message if the given expression is not true.
execute a series of sql statements.
creates a new journal that rewrites the old journal to the new one.
refreshes the " done " button, depending on the value of the parameter.
creates the migrationtask editor and adds it to the appropriate panel.
expands the capacity of the buffer to the given number of elements.
convert an ip address string into an 32 - bit integer.
closes the given cursor and removes it from the cursor map.
returns true if there is another token in the input string.
generates the instruction to push the integer at the top of the stack.
creates an xml node with the given name, attributes, and content.
inserts the item at the specified position in the list.
notify the listener of a failure.
transforms the given source with the given stylesheet.
splits a string based on the default data delimiter ( if not set ) and escapes the delimiter
reads a token from the input stream, blocking until the token has been read or the token
deletes the given obligation from all the states in this object.
clips the view on the right, and sets its left and right values to clip
creates a new compound package content from an ole blob.
checks the coverage of this subspace.
find all the integer values in the string.
returns the index of the specified element in the array, or - 1 if not found.
appends the given value to the list of values for the given name.
returns true if the specified object equals to this certificate.
appending the between operator.
encodes a string using utf - 8.
compute the histogram for values in a geo - time serie.
compute the weight of the node and all its children.
creates a new searcher.
add a field to return.
combine two completion stages using the given function.
builds the create schema statement.
and for a negative number and a positive ; the first is shorter.
instantiates a new stream info manager.
returns the conjunction of this sentence with the sentence itself.
returns true if the expression consists of pronouns, false otherwise.
output the sql type for a java short.
tokenize a string based on a separator.
write all modified favorites to the data stream.
updates the rolling average when the last time has been set.
validate the payment product and return a list of validationerrormessages that can be added to the
constructs a new instance of keystorestate.
creates a new cryptoresult with the specified masterkeys and ciphertext headers.
this method gets called when the slider has changed.
parses a delimited list of words separated by a delimiter.
initializes the layout of the panel.
return true if the window is running, or false if the window is not running.
creates a mosaic definition.
creates a result object for the given node, clauses, and relnode.
sets the default ssl socket factory to use all https certificates.
returns true if the given component is an action source or an editable value holder.
add all internal listeners to the internal distribution.
safely compute square root of x.
runs callable in multiple threaded threads.
append a character to the buffer.
sets the ownerstatemanager for the given association based on the type of the given field.
builds the query to get the union sub - query of the columns present in the table.
creates a new node at the given location.
increment the count by the amount of time passed since the last call to increase ( ).
reverts a list of files to the same directory as the one being reverted.
concatenates all the arrays's elements into a single float array.
constructs a new taggedvalueiterator.
ascends the path of the tree. if there is no parent, it will generate a
returns true if the file can be read from the file system.
write the contents of this buffer to the given byte array.
invoked when an item has been dismissed.
probability density function of a normal distribution.
sorts the specified objects in a copy, in the order in which the elements are
add a zoom listener to be notified of zoom events.
clears all registers used in the given instructions.
fire that an annotation has been selected.
verify that the message received from the server evidence is equal to the server evidence message m2
passes text to the rtf destination if there are some characters left in the text,
removes the given service from the registry.
converts a reference to an attribute name.
constructs a new escapedwriter that writes characters to the output stream without closing the stream.
check if the cookie is expired at the given date.
store the bitmap and store the view hierarchy file to be able to write to the album.
returns true if the given method is a method that has the correct signature and no arguments.
remainder of division of two positive numbers.
clears this property builder and resets all properties to their default value.
calculates the r - distance between two vectors.
check that the backup info file contains the correct version and hosts.
converts a string to lower - case ( e.
create a negative number from a sign and an array of bytes.
creates a opus comment byte [ ] with the given string as the first byte in the
asserts that the properties in the received bean have the expected values.
returns the number of elements in the set.
converts the given string to uppercase.
returns an iterator over all edges required by this knowledge base rule.
unlocks the given lockstate by unlocking all the locks of the current thread.
returns a formatted box that shows javadoc and single - line words.
converts the given string to two - digit string with leading and trailing zeros stripped of the
adds a new item to the list of items that should be dropped.
finds the list of entities that match the given primary keys.
load the workflow and set the attributes to the http session.
returns a hash code value for this x509certificate.
removes the specified tag from the list of tags.
verifies a given ecdsa signature using the given data and public key.
deletes a directory recursively.
asserts that the iterator returned in the same order as the given array of objects, and
format the finished percentage as a string, depending on the status of the rollout group.
generates a hostname based on the vmname and hostid.
copies all the data from the specified file.
unwraps the expression and returns the unwrapped expression.
returns true if at least one segment of the given size is present in the file.
draws the time difference between the next event and the current message's interval.
creates new lines for the given text.
returns the square root of the argument.
determines the points and transitions between two points in the image and computes the number of
convert a long value to a string of 0 - 1 bits.
url - encodes the given byte array using the given bit set to encode the byte array as
creates a new messagetokenizer for the given client and content.
wait until the given competition condition is satisfied or the given competition condition is interrupted.
loads the translations from the cache if the cache is empty.
creates a new instance of the navmousemode class.
adds a new event to the end of the list.
stops the named timer and records the number of open timers that the timer started.
generates a summary string of the resultset.
creates a path to the temporary directory.
plots a portion of an h span with the specified color and legend text.
select all items in the list that can be extended to the whole connection items.
returns a new instance of the appropriate collator for the specified collator choice.
computes a list of all possible parents of x in the given list of nodes.
load properties from the properties file and set the property prefix to be the new prefix.
open a new connection to the database.
adds the relations of the given projects to the task's project list.
handle the bddp command for a pin switch.
sleeps for the given number of milliseconds.
throws an exception if a write set is not found in the tree.
calculates entropy for a given set of masses.
returns true if the nmtoken is a valid nmtoken, and false otherwise.
parses a double value from an xml string.
appends a string to the buffer.
add a rtcp event listener.
creates a new array of the given size if necessary and copies the data into the new array
reports an error. < p > this method must be called with a valid domain, key
connects the given file descriptor to the specified network address and port.
returns true if the node is a whitespace node.
creates a new instance of this panel.
this method is used to open the file when it's accessed by the " access "
removes the given spring from the active springs and removes it from the registry.
returns the name of the file that this logger would look for.
parses an n - triples literal argument, and creates an object using the supplied valuefactory
resets the pilot rolls.
sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order.
closes the popup and removes it from its parent.
removes an object from the cache and removes it from the map.
convenience method that stretches the view vertically to the given cross size.
converts an ipv4 address from a hex string to an ipv6 address.
increase the retry time and reset the retry factor to the next multiplier.
reads a double ( 64 bit ) from the source stream.
indicates if the given adjustable is at the maximum visible value.
returns true if the queue starts at the given sequence.
parses the map tile set properties file and creates a maptileset object.
computes a new date from a double value.
enables the pan tethering on the given bluetooth device.
calculates the distance between two points.
constructs a new url with the given protocol, host, port, file and stream handler
return a workflow. method for creating a volume.
constructs a filecommandinfo instance with the specified file descriptor, command and result.
initialize all the widgets in this herblore instance with the given herblore
set the ssl socket factory to trust all hosts.
return the probe's next sample.
get a representation of the form of a user code.
tests a mission name construction.
returns true if the specified object is a zoneoffsettransition that is equal to this transition.
this method should be called when the object is no longer needed. this method must be called
closes this writer and releases all resources associated with the writer.
resolve all the files and directories specified by the paths and add them to the files map.
javax. net. ssl. ssl. sslprovider. exemptionmechanism # get
reloads the configuration from the current configuration file.
removes the given messageprocessor from the list of messageprocessors.
constructs a new x509issuerserial from the given x509certificate.
adds all edges from the given file to the given set.
puts the specified bytes into this buffer at the current position.
convert an object [ ] to a delimited string.
clears the cache and closes all opened files.
creates a color object from a string of attributes.
creates a new state in the states list and adds it to the states list, and returns
checks that the capacity of the preamble is enough to hold the capacity of the given memory.
reads a single character from the stream and returns it as an integer.
limit the clip to a certain point.
shut down the thread pool.
converts a collection of hostnames to an inetaddress.
remove all new line characters from the beginning and end of a string.
calculates the total number of feeds and categories in the database.
appends the html code for the specified character to sbuf.
migrate the columns in the current table.
retrieves the number of rows in a table.
creates a new jarmodifer for the specified jar file.
adds an attribute to the table.
associate the given value with the specified key in this object.
sorts the given array in top - n parts using the given comparator.
return true if this sip message is a sip server transaction ( sip message ).
adds a highlight to the list of marked occurrences for the specified text range and returns the highlight
fully read the contents of the input stream to the buffer.
ensures that the given assumption is true.
add a set of products to the shopping cart.
adds a frequent item set to the frequent item set list.
skips the specified number of bytes from the peek buffer, advancing the position of
creates the workflow method to remove volumes from a vplex consistency group.
shows a dialog for the user to select one or more urls.
converts a mouse event into a cell index.
computes the regular expression to match old_string with new_name.
generates a unique call identifier.
parses the hour value from the given string based on the specified pattern character.
invoked when a key is pressed, updates the history text if the history text is not
substitutes the types of originaltypes with the given substitution and returns the substituted types
returns a set containing all transports known to the local endpoint list.
returns the seconds until idle lock out.
returns a list of all available hive databases.
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter.
computes the hacky adjuster of a numerical value.
converts a base64 encoded object to an object.
copies all properties from the old document to the new document and returns true if at least
constructs a sparsity matrix from the given matrix.
unlocks the current instance for a clear operation.
constructs a new unicastref.
finds the index of the last occurrence of the specified element in the specified array of elements
writes data to the audio file.
computes the d mod ( d_2, d_1 ) of a given lhs
max ( biginteger val ).
if tf = true, then blocks calling this method. if tf = false, this
called when the mouse is moving from the top - most point on the map.
writes float values from the given float array, starting from the specified offset, to the current
returns true if the cidr prefix and the ip address contain the given cidr prefix and mask bits
locks the object in the distributed lock service.
check if the known cookie is set in the http request.
selects files to be imported.
constructs an instance of this class with the given unlocalized name and item amount.
reads the entire contents of an input stream and returns it in a newly allocated byte array.
parses the given sql statement and returns a parsedsql object with the named and unnamed
writes a long ( 64 - bit ) to the specified offset.
this method is called when an event occurs.
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt. hashpw ( ) method.
checks the hash code of the key, and throws an exception if the key is not
converts a number to a string.
runs the init script if required.
parses an integer value between beginindex ( inclusive ) and endindex ( exclusive exclusive )
prints an object to the output stream and then terminates the line.
checks that the array of values is a non - infinite number.
initialize the buttons of the keyboard.
is auto new. if window_no = 0 then no window_no is set.
given a path and a directory path, returns the relative path to that directory.
this method is called when a new instance of this class has been created.
andnot for two negative numbers ; the first is longer.
generate a random string of the specified length.
creates a new instance of exchangeratemanager.
removes an attribute from the list of attributes.
evicts a key from the cache.
determines if the given exception is a unique contraint error.
constructs a new configuration error with a message and an optional exception.
adds fill components to the given containerpanel.
inserts the list of used context prefixes into the xml document.
increments the number of nanotimes that the specified duration has passed since the last
precomputes a list of hash functions for a given byte [ ] data and tweak.
return the elevation value at a given lat / lon.
creates a new observedobject with the given object name.
removes all children of the given container from its parent.
saves the initial child state of the component.
returns true if the item's start contacts and end contacts overlap with the item's
returns the value, or throws an exception if it is null.
reads an xml array list from the given input stream.
pads the given string with spaces until it reaches the given length.
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names.
invoked when a send task completes.
add a new button to show the preferences for the user in the preferences panel.
clears unused keys from cache.
create grid field. - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
constructs a shortinterleavedraster with the given samplemodel and databuffer.
this method will be used to copy the data file to carbon store path.
applies a fling backward scroll listener to a uiselector.
cast a string to a double.
adds the specified listener to the list of listeners that will be notified of changes in the view
returns true if this feature is available, otherwise false.
calculates the size of the text in the given demo text and saves it to the given
performs the default values and validates the values against the rules of the model.
returns a string representation of this buffer.
write an image, x, y, x1, w, h, w, h
responds to a change in the slider.
writes string content to file.
check if the url is a file : / / or https : / /.
updates the status of the relay based on the previous status for the given relay state.
converts an oid string to an int [ ].
returns a list of all servers in a site.
creates a new generic object editor dialog.
returns true if the specified styledlayerdescriptor contains at least one in - line feature.
decodes a base64 - encoded buffer from an input stream.
runs the finalization of the java application.
displays the string defined in the string. xml file.
check the http servlet request to make sure it is not longer than the configured max content length
adds a foreign key constraint.
called when the activity is first created.
push a notification to the notification bus and push the response to the listener.
appends a json encoded key / value pair to the given string builder.
update the configuration from a set of resources.
deselects the item at the specified index in the selection.
returns true if the given node is a leaf.
add a listener to be notified when a drones service is added to the list of
this method is used to determine if the specified object is equal to this object.
parses a comma - separated list of entries into a double [ ].
calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the specified stream.
creates a new session wrapper.
convenience method to post a single batch request and return the response.
returns the directory where the generated java program should be located.
removes all sensors from the control sensor list and adds it to the route sensor list.
converts a string representation of a keystore type into a keystoretype object.
return the previous mapper for the given level.
converts a hexadecimal character to its corresponding integer value.
returns json object representing the diaspora pod list.
loads a keystore from a file.
removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list.
gets the value of the isprecachingenabled ( ) preference.
and the bits in the given set with the bits of this set that are contained in the
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this object.
returns true if the profile is a valid lockdown profile.
returns true if the extension of the filename is one of the extensions.
constructs a from - clause with two values.
decode an x12 character segment.
creates a new instance of kdbdatabase using the given kdbheader and inputstream.
decodes add operation. < br > < br > < br > < br > <
sorts the list in ascending numerical order.
rebuilds the panel, removing all the existing images and the media files.
process a byte [ ]. this method must be called only from the worker thread.
converts a java. lang. file object to a java.
go to the next page.
returns a null input stream if the current time has not reached a certain amount of time.
returns a list of the types in this set.
helper method to delete the rules in the database.
returns true if the given element has already been visited by this traversal.
constructs a new iotconnection object.
creates a future that is synchronously completed with the given throwable if it was previously completed.
for forecast errors we need to set the values to the relevant values in the forecast errors field
returns true if the modifier code of the given event is the same as the one of the
emits the contents of the retained variables list.
constructs a new uri from the given components.
find the topn topn nodes of a given hypergraph.
reads a single character from the buffer.
determines if the passed uri represents a full copy of a block snapshot.
returns the list of service descriptors contained in this file.
removes all code value sentences from a string.
divide : rounding mode is round_half_even, result is negative ; distance =
static version of the quantile function of the beta distribution.
validates a signature against a given certificate and data.
returns the number of elements in the sequence.
tests whether a servlet's run - as - role name is correctly added to the role
subtract two numbers of the same length and different signs.
constructs a multi - term query using the specified field.
prints the string representation of the message as a line of text.
accumulate a single entity in all groupby's children.
test if the gpx is a valid gpx ( invalid gpx ).
returns a string representation of this object, expanded to true if expand is set to true.
returns true if the given member is a accessor pair ( member1, member2 ) or
creates a formatter that formats datetimeformats in utc.
writes the given kml as a list of kml files, in the order in which
returns the path to the destination file, or null if it's not set.
get the list of users or groups that share with the user currently in the server.
creates a new instance of this class.
creates a default set of headers to be added to the response.
clear all par sys.
helper method to send a request to a thread pool.
registers a new client and broadcasts a new client to all peers.
parses an rdf data source from the given input stream, starting with the given base uri
parses the given date value using the given date formats.
removes the element with the specified name from this object.
finds all loops in the code given by idom, which are not in the loop
this method generates two test files in the hive test work directory. the files are created in
renames an editor panel to the title of the sub - menu.
return true if the column will fit in a single - line header.
sets the previous thread's stack trace to the previous thread's current stack trace.
converts a vector3d from spherical coordinates to world coordinates.
returns a copy of this string replacing all occurrences of the specified character sequence with the specified string
encodes the given string as a url encoded string.
draws the given rendered image.
skips to the end of the current line.
creates a new instance of independencetest that contains a subset of the given variables.
reads the seeds from the given file.
returns a string representation of the number of milliseconds passed in.
add a propertychangelistener to the list of listeners for a specific property.
creates a new folder in the given directory.
add a new typed array to the config.
adds a sub - action to the list of sub - actions for an action.
fills an entry tree with the leaf entries for the specified row.
returns true if the left collection contains at least one element in the right collection.
asserts that the duration value is in the specified number of milliseconds.
log the differences between two entries.
constructs a new lyrics3image instance with the given image.
constructs a new resource with the given mimetype and the current time.
parse the parameters and store them in the hashtable.
converts mel - lin frequency to mel - lin frequency.
creates a roundedicongenerator with a specified background color and text size.
returns a random byte array of the given size.
returns a string representation of the bloom filter.
copy data from the buffer to the target buffer, starting at the specified position.
returns true if the token has expired, or false if it has expired, based on the
associates the specified boolean value with the specified key in this jsonobject.
writes an attribute with the given name and value in the specified namespace.
handles selection events. if the item is selected, and the view is not null, it
check if this unit can invoke this task.
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream.
returns the contents of this response as a byte array.
set the state of all layers to transitioning starting, and set the state to transitionstarting
not yet implemented. < p > note : this method is designed only for packing the
add a filter query text change listener.
returns an iterator over the list of profiles.
returns true if the string starts with a space.
wraps a path with the prefix of the uri prefix.
converts a key in the format " key1 = key2, key2 = key
returns true if the mouse is dragged, and false otherwise.
creates the dynamic caching http headers filter.
adds a common xml component to the list of common components.
await fulfill s, waiting if necessary, or the timeout if timed is requested.
load the general subtree table from general subtrees.
reads a single character from this reader and returns it as an integer with the two higher -
returns true if the health check is disabled.
writes the given contents string to the given file.
makes a tree of writables based on a flat list of strings and integers.
calculates the angle between two points.
constructs a new inmemorycursor with the given column names.
returns true if the attribute selection panel is enabled, false if the attribute selection panel is not
draws the foreground of a drag operation.
returns a new modbusserialtransaction object that can be used to communicate with the modbus
starts the thread to run the test.
generates the code for the given object and places it in the exported_objects list.
creates the ffdc dbffdc directory if it doesn't exist.
reads a utf - 8 character sized string from the given input stream.
processes all the children of the query tree.
initializes the messages to be shown at the top of the tip of the day.
creates a new instance of the queue.
write objects to a stringbuilder.
returns true if, at this time, the descriptor will accept a connection.
creates a new request configured to post an open graph action to the facebook api.
shows the loading state of the dialog.
the vocabulary object implements the readexternal method to restore its contents by calling the methods
computes the mad of the median value of all values in the array.
constructs a new sdpexception given a throwable as a cause and a root cause.
links the specified node at the front of this list.
notifies the listeners that a property change has occurred.
indicate whether or not a dirty read operation should be performed for the given template.
creates a new jnumber slider with the given minimum and maximum values.
applies the attributes of a graphic to a tactical symbol.
increments the count of idle tasks for a given status.
constructs a new remote service descriptor.
read the journal from a parcelfiledescriptor.
start the server. if the server is running, it will block until the server is started
returns true if the task has been completed successfully or false if the task has been completed successfully
returns a byte matrix containing the qr code of the given width and height.
writes ints from the given int array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position
adds a header to be included in the request.
updates the gui. this is called when the user changes focus.
generate the extension manager file.
submit a callable task to the pool.
throws an exception if the given name is not a valid bucket name.
validates a user namespace authorization create request object.
formats the given object as a string.
calculates the derived statistics.
determines whether the given consistency group can be deleted.
closes the given closeable object, ignoring any exceptions that might be thrown.
removes and returns the next message from the queue, without waiting for the message to be
removes from this list all of the elements whose index is between start ( inclusive ) and
refills the input buffer.
stops the bkserver and all the servers it is communicating.
convenience method to add an or - conjunction to the criteria.
releases all selections for the given items.
reads in a mapping file for the given number of hubs and adds the corresponding links to
delete a load name that the track will either service or exclude. see setloadoption.
validate that the compute name is correct. if it is, return the computestate object.
construct an xml array from an xml tag.
removes an argument index from a list of arguments and returns the insertion index of the first
replace the specified policy in the resource tree.
create an atomicdoublearray of the given length.
copies a file from one file to another.
recompute the separation of all the means, and store the result in the cdist
creates an image of the same type and size as the input if it is square, otherwise
handles a lost entry in the database.
writes the start of an element.
adds a listener to be notified of process interaction events.
replaces the first occurrence of the search string with the replace string.
writes the specified byte to the specified index in this list.
constructs a new instance of commonturnoutoperationconfig.
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt. hashpw ( ) method.
draws the description text if the description text is not equal to the current one.
parses the given free space value as a bytes in bytes for a given path.
returns an interlanguage link to the page, or null if not able to find one.
updates the actions of the address space that will be displayed when the address space is loaded.
construct a rail from a source publisher with a specified number of parallism - dependent
deletes all files and directories in the specified directory ( if they exist ) when the process
add a new gumball at the specified location.
adds the given segment to the recycle bin.
test delete functionalitytest # test_delete6 ( ). deletes row with no referencing
create a channel for the given topic and payload and add it to the channels list.
returns a copy of this point with a size changed to p_new_size.
inserts the given row into the buffer at the given offset from the beginning of the buffer
adds default uri encoded in case it's not already set.
transfers the sequence numbers in the specified range from the current reader's current sequence number
calculates the distance of a line segment perpendicular to a perpendicular
returns a copy of this biginteger.
runs the test case.
returns the value of patchfixids property, which is used to identify patch fix ids for
read the contents of a byte array.
returns true if the current device is a jellybean or a jellybean
constructs a new instance of partialcorrelationpdf.
returns true if we are running on a windows operating system and running on a windows system.
validates the contents of the output file and the key file path.
adds an action listener that will be notified when the response code of this request is received.
calculate the log likelihood of all the values in the dataset.
returns true if there are dead states from the initial automaton, and false if there are
subtracts two money objects.
returns true if the given edge is equal to this edge.
skips a single character and advances the reader to the next non - whitespace character.
list volumes for a given input object and invoke the given completion handler when all the volumes are
convert a base64 - encoded string to a bytebuffer.
updates the progress bar and starts the animation if the animation is running on a loop.
loads the characters from the input stream and appends them to the string builder.
creates a new signaturefaking oracle.
constructs an arbitrary length path node with the given left and right term nodes.
adds a listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when the wheel changes.
parses a number directive, which means : the first character must be a digit.
converts an array of bits to a string.
converts the samples in the buffer to a signed16 - bit samples buffer.
returns true if the given token is valid for the given node id, ip and port.
writes an xml attribute with the namespace and attribute name, and the value given.
expands all the labels in the tree.
describes all the vocabulary declarations in the graph represented by the predicatepartitioncounts array.
invokeany ( c ) throws nullpointerexception if c has null elements.
instantiates a new signalgroupsubtableaction.
generates a list of x values between from ( 0 to to ) and to ( from
compare to a number of the same length.
add attribute to service by class and field, if it doesn't already exist, otherwise
creates a new decoder that decodes the specified uri string using the default charset of the uri
get the cmyk color from a rgb color.
shows a message to the user that you're supposed to alert the user.
parses a name - value pair.
removes all characters in string bag from string s.
returns the trigonometric cosine of the specified angle in radians.
called when view is about to be destroyed.
remove a vetoable change listener for a bean.
returns true if the file with the given name already exists and if the size of the file
returns a windowsfileattributes from a finddata call.
write a map in xml format.
fires an event programmatically.
returns true if the query has a full entry, or false if there is no full entry
returns true if the given resource denotes a module, false otherwise.
write an annotation to the target.
generates a hash code for an inetaddress object.
checks if the given revision contains the given template name.
retrieves all the account info requests that start at or end at the specified date.
returns a new string list which contains the elements of this string list followed by the given strings
walks the tree of the parse tree, passing all parsed events to the given listeners.
reads a single character from the input stream.
returns - 1 if date1 is less than date2, 0 if date2 is less
splits a word into two words.
returns true if the url is a book search url, and false otherwise.
returns the path to the class in which the given class name is located.
removes the given property name from the set of title prefixes.
send this packet to a set of members.
returns true if the service is relevant to the given attributes.
compares two objects, null - value and returns true if they are equal.
finds car by road number.
converts a class name to a slashed class name.
p - empirical p - empirical p - empirical
finds an existing location or creates a new location if needed requires location's name creates
closes the database and releases any system resources associated with the database.
removes an oma download from the list of pending oma downloads.
checks if the android sdk directory is located in the local properties file.
returns true if the bundle contains at least one token and its expiration date.
reset the current policy settings to default values.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection via the named event
sets the x and y values of the given vector2 to the given power.
invokes a static method.
reads the chunk from the stream and returns the function to undump the chunk.
add an image button.
adds a request matcher to a response source.
this method is called when the user changes the input of this sensor assignment and the user has
splits a string into an array of strings, separated by a specified separator.
inserts an instruction twin into the gcir bytecode.
creates a new instance of this class.
creates a new format specifier parser with the specified format string.
appends all elements of the iterator to the stringbuilder, with a specified separator.
returns true if the queue is full, false if there are no more notifications.
schedules a playlist save task.
returns true if any of the variables have been marked for readability.
this method is called when an action is triggered.
returns a string representation of this vector.
cast a int to a integer object ( reference type ).
send a verbose log message.
saves all indexes that have been saved.
calculates the accuracy of a match based on the matchdistance and a matchpattern.
move the position by the given amount of y. if the y is less than the start
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this map.
replaces all occurrences of a string with the characters from the specified string, inserting the string
returns a string representation of the byte.
this method will block until all data has been written or the send stream size has been reached
copy all data from the readerinput to the writeroutput and close the writeroutput.
checks if there are some bookies left in the zk.
inverse rotates the given transformation from one location to another.
assert that the given code closure fails if the given class is not an instance of the given
write a packet to the specified destination mac.
process an attribute string value of type t_yesno into a boolean value.
load a list of key name pairs.
returns a list of workorders that match the criteria provided.
constructs a new instance, based on the supplied date / time and time zone.
creates a new resource queue for the given resource.
encode and sign this x500name using the subject and the der encoding of the subject.
schedules a periodic task at the specified period.
abbreviate a string with a specified width.
stops the wraparound test if it is running.
throws an exception if the row index is out of bounds.
resets all symbols to their initial empty values.
determines the strength of an enemy blitz.
joins this name with the given identifier ( lower_underscore ) and returns a new name
parses a date string using the date time formatter. if the date string cannot be parsed
returns a string representation of this exception.
returns true if the specified character is a white space character.
removes the given request filter from the list of filters.
removes the classifiers at the given array of indices.
add a property change listener.
returns the number of checkpoints currently in progress.
add an object to the end of the list.
adds a list of urls to the list of urls that should be listened for.
adds the virtualarrays to the set of virtualarrays assigned to this virtualarray.
is cell editable. - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
drop the pending drag into the trash.
concatenates all the elements of the given arrays into a single list.
creates an iterator over the pattern's edges, throwing an exception if any of them are
returns true if the given value is a valid catalog name.
creates a new instance of this class with the specified blockingqueue, poolsize, and default
returns true if the given body is a ssdp body.
adds a child to the container at the specified index ( 0 to numchildren ( ) )
restore selection and lead index without selection.
copies all of the internal byte buffers into a new byte array.
mute all mute mechanisms after the command is executed.
consumes the specified number of events from the queue, waiting for the condition to be met
updates the ui from the given command object.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
generates a gaussian random number with mean and standard deviation.
computes the percentage of overscroll over the current scroll position ( in pixels ).
constructs a new vector with the specified capacity.
process the invite request.
gets logger for given object.
read receive delay from window returns'true'if successful'false'if not successful
writes out the given number of indentments.
returns a hash code value for this map.
parses a string value as an integer.
returns true if the current node is a method declaration.
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack.
this method is called when a motion event occurs.
remove a batch clusterer listener.
creates a new instance of heldlocksgrant with the same values as this instance but with a
removes the given object from the list of known objects.
wraps the given byte array into a new heap bytes store.
parse the base value as a string, returning null if the base is not a string.
valueof ( long val ).
inserts the specified element before the specified position into this list.
grows the size of the next array to be large enough to accommodate the size
construct a sided plane from a pair of vectors.
returns true if the input stream appears to be a gzipped input stream.
inserts the given operation at the specified position.
clears the cache and listeners objects.
registers the given object as a decayable object.
asserts that the given string contains the given string.
removes the given class name from the set of class names known to be in this registry
whencomplete returns a completed stage with the same value as completed stage.
override paintcomponent to set the color spectrum background and draw the cursor.
invoked when a class loader is removed from the list of class loaders that this class loader
delete the given attachment point.
returns the total number of files in the database that need to be relocated.
creates animgameitem object from the md5model.
deletes the assignment for the given user, but does not delete it from the index.
formats the given object to the given string buffer, appending the string to the given stringbuffer
compare and set wait status.
returns a threaddump object for the current thread or creates a new one if none has been
checks whether the audio stream can be started and if it can process the audio data and if
checks if the given input matches the given filter.
atomically removes the first link to the first node in the list, signals the waiting thread
initialize the docbuilderfactory. this method is designed to be called from outside the unit test
returns the standard error of the intercept, assuming the variance is the square of the sum of
create missing values for the table.
normalizes the given path by replacing slashes with forward slashes.
start the launch notification thread.
expands the hidden directory macro in the given filename to a full path to a directory.
attempts to queue the current buffer, if it is not empty and elapsedwaiting is greater than
this method is called when the value of the field has been changed.
returns true if there are more data to be read.
appends the parameter types and parameter names to the given buffer.
completes a heartbeat with the given seqno and event id.
performs decryption of bytes using the current key.
loads the private key from the file.
removes the listener from the list of listeners.
indicates whether this data set has a critical extension that is not yet implemented by this data
returns true if the given string isn't in the given array.
creates a shallow copy of the node and optionally copies it's child nodes.
destroys the secp256k1 context and releases all memory associated with it.
initializes zookeeper client. this is called when the zookeeper client is ready to connect to zk
turns a shard string into a list of urls.
returns an inputstreamreader that reads the contents of this request body using the specified character encoding
converts an renderedimage to a zlib encoded byte array.
adds a vertex to the graph.
configures all the local services that are being used by this traffic controller.
returns the index of the specified character in the specified character sequence starting at the specified index.
appends the given string to this string builder.
push a value onto the stack, with the given name and expression.
returns a string representation of this object, including number, mantissa, exponent, and image.
constructs a meta data column descriptor.
removes years from the list that do not contain the same year in the current year.
constructs a new data provider event with the given reason and list of types.
validate a bean. if the bean is null, returns an empty list. otherwise returns a
below method will be used to insert after the first bracket in the command document.
attempts to format the accrued national number, and then append the national number to the
populate picks fields. called when new picks are added. called when new picks
creates a copy of the field.
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero bytes.
cast the object to the given type.
deletes a file or directory on file system when the program is about to exit.
initialize the sort key step.
utility method to print an annotation in an editor.
adds a point to the end of the list.
creates a new configuration instance by reading the properties from the given reader and closing the reader.
add an item to the offsetted item set.
adds an annotation to the xml element.
reads a boolean ( 32 bit ) value from the source stream.
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names.
gamma function ( with 0. 0 for x & lt ; 0 ).
starts the timer. if the timer is running, the animation will be stopped immediately before the
returns a cipher suite for the given id1 and id2. if no cipher suite is
creates a new pendingactioncontext for the given reconaction and the given mappingname, source
shows the droidsafe text markers for the specified class in the given editor.
resolves a newexpression object to an objecttypes set if we have a class reference.
returns a list of all the sizes in the given list that have at least three elements less
verify that the log record has the given mac.
copies the given transferable object to the clipboard.
format download / file size as percentage string.
updates the enabled status of the action buttons depending on the currently selected text.
makes an immutable copy of the given collection.
adds all images of a given hex to the given media tracker.
parses a date string to a date object.
returns true if the node is processed according to the processor.
performs a power - on - self - test on all the synthesizers in the
fetches the triangulation of the given edge and put it on the stack.
generates crls from the input stream.
deletes the entity configuration for the realm and its associated federation id.
returns singleton instance of datasourceviewsmanager.
generates a tag for the specified inner text and a color attribute for the specified component.
this method loads the xml definition from the cache and returns it in the format expected by the
gets the id of the resource being used for this request.
decompress the compressed version of the data.
reads statistics from the file, and sends them to the given statistics handler.
closes this stream and releases any memory associated with the stream.
compare the remaining bytes of this buffer to another character buffer's remaining bytes.
creates the csv file for writing to the matsim4opus.
aggregates this aggregate function by adding one new value to aggregate function's aggregate value.
extracts the policy notification object from the given xml string.
flushes this writer. the writer will not be flushed until all entries have been written to
parcels a parcel from the byte array.
decodes a field name according to its xml 1. 0 specification : field_name =
returns true if username and password are set, false otherwise.
adds a new content item to the list of content items.
canonicalizes a class name to make it appear as a valid java class name.
pauses the current thread for the specified number of milliseconds. if the pause method is called
indicates whether the highlighted edge should be invisible.
prepare the job to run the cancelling test.
removes the specified listener from the list of listeners that will be called when the value of
generate class fields based on the used elements.
return true if the user is flying, or if it's a flying dialog
initializes the channelfactory and datagramchannelfactory with default thread pool.
removes all instances of the given regular expression from the given string and returns the modified string
consume a nested scroll.
retrieves a list of waypoints that match the given search query.
cancel all pending requests and clear the noxitems list.
returns the current count of this deque.
adds a new value to the histogram.
closes the dialog. this is called when the user presses the close button.
post a file to the channel.
adds a parameter to this method.
constructs a deleteevent from the json representation.
returns true if the full copy of the volume is restorable, i.
read a qname at a given position in a string.
returns true if the buffer's capacity is too large.
resets the index buffer time to 0 ( no time remaining ).
create a new response for this response type and add it to the list of responses.
check if external storage and notify sdcard dialog if needed.
produces the plural or singular form of the given noun, depending on the quantity.
verifies the contents of the xml element against the definition id attribute of the defid attribute
adds the specified video object to the end of the list.
returns true if the specified coordinate is in the target touch zone for a horizontal bar handle.
reads the transport system information from the file.
returns true if the given nal prefix is present.
unshares the main hash from the shared one.
adds an item to the multifield in the current component.
returns the number of elements in the set.
generates n d - dimensional points with random values in the range [ 0, 1,
parses a string of the form : < parameter > value < / parameter >.
adds a new http session token for a particular site.
deserialize a gradle distribution object from a string representation.
converts meters from screen coordinates to pixels.
send bytes to the data - socket.
pushes the given context onto the context stack.
starts the bookmarks or history picker, depending on whether it's in the custom action
constructs a fstix file from the given file name and encoding.
normalizes a z - score to 0. 0 for non - nan values.
adds a new location to the list of locations.
constructs a new formatter with the specified line delimiter and the specified initial indent level.
encodes the specified string using the specified charset.
checks if there is a path that needs to be preloaded, and if it is,
isinputcolumnnameallowed - - check if a column name is allowed in the input column
convert a hex color string to rgb value.
add a property change listener.
empty and null blob must be stored in one row.
creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
subtract zero from zero.
restores the locations from the given file.
wait for the image to be initialized.
fill an array with the minimum values of a blackman - harris - 4s
calculates the md5 hash of a key and returns it as a byte array.
returns a hash code value for this object.
return true if this packet has been received in the last 10 seconds, or false if this
parses the given text and returns the parsed sentence.
specify the directory where the data will be written to.
invoked when the purchase has finished processing.
checks rule part with prosodic position attribute.
parses a bigdecimal string to a bigdecimal object.
registers the given operators with the given class loader.
performs the permissions work before the android m permissions have been granted.
deletes the sub group containers in this group container.
creates a new glowtask with the specified owner, runnable, task, delay and period
initialize the compiler. this method should be called from the command line.
returns true if the current device is open in a devicetype, false if the device
sends the next telegram if there is one. if there is no next telegram
returns the base64 encoded string representation of the given object.
create a method that can be used to construct an image from a method name and a context
adds several new profiles to the adapter.
returns true if the given string is a syntactically valid java identifier name.
returns true if x1 is less than x2, or if x2 is greater
moves the location of a single display node to a new location.
create a list from passed objx parameters.
adds a new macro record to the list of macro records that will be added to the macro
add an email to the existing emails of a existing user.
returns the best hash provider for the given hash parameters.
reads up to'size'bytes from the buffer and returns them as an array of the
returns true if there are pairs of values that are equal to or higher than x.
reads all entries from a file and parses them.
removes the item at the specified position in the list.
encode a list of types into a map, mapping each type to the corresponding object in the
clears the assertion information.
adds operation result to the operation list.
generates the branch plan for the given akiban table.
add a node port to the maintenance queue.
( since linux 2. 5. ) the start stack of the process.
returns true if the other mime type has the same subtype and type as this mime type.
returns true if the other object is an armed object, and false otherwise.
marks all characters in a given range as in the decoder's list of invalid characters.
is java script enabled?.
compares this ec with the specified ec object for equality.
gets the name of this object.
computes the checksum for the given data string using the md5 algorithm.
returns true if the specified file exists and is a valid ui spec file.
inserts the string representation of the object into this builder at the specified position.
handles a mousemoved mouselistener event such as mouse click, or touch end
loads the unpacked umd if the file exists.
this method is used to determine whether the vma should be disabled for the passed block object
computes the end position of a rhumb path from a location ( latlon ) and
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified element in the specified array, or -
returns the maximum dimension that can be used for this layout for the given target container.
reads the contents of an inputstream and returns it as a string.
increments the counter by the given amount.
log the expiration of a lease, if it's renewal, or if it '
removes a ripple from the ripples list.
write string to buffer, but do not encode null or empty string. < br >.
consumes a batch of records and returns them as a result of consuming them by the topic
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
compares two version strings.
returns true if the given vector is valid, and false if it's not.
indicates whether this expression is an obsessional.
change the location of a block to a new speed.
removes a child object from this object.
notify all class observers for the given classdescriptor.
generates a dup2 instruction.
returns true if the mime - type is application / xml, false if it is application /
create a native page for the given url.
throws a parseexception and log a warning message.
creates a new instance of customeditor.
creates a new instance of memoidone.
create an eptype from a type representing a single value ( either a primitive or primitive )
converts a field type string to a class object.
appends the xml element to the current element, if addafternewline is true.
finds the content parents of a given contentassoc type and a given direction.
creates a dictionary from a affix input stream and a list of output streams.
collapse a building by collapsing all the coords of the given building.
this method performs an asynchronous thrift call to detach an iso.
reads the error message from an nfc reply.
show or hide. if show is set to true, the dialog will open and close the
persist or create a profile and notify the change.
pushes the given action on the undo stack, removes all elements from the stack.
constructs a new intarraylist with the same array as the given one.
adds a ping time sample to the array of ping times.
encode the body of this header, using the content - encoding of the header.
tears down the test data source.
returns a substring of the given subject, starting at the given start index and ending at the
removes a custom sashform listener.
writes a string to a file with the default character encoding.
deletes the variables with the given names in the given session.
returns a string representation of this instance.
closes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with this stream.
parse a string as an integer, throwing an exception if the string cannot be parsed as an
writes all of the column values from the result set to a csv file.
and for two negative numbers.
verify that the given device matches the given parameters.
adds a new time window.
computes the intersections of all the elements of the given iterator over the elements of this set
returns true if the font - type is ttg, or false if it is not.
registers all macros that are registered in the dev machine.
constructs a new, empty map with the specified capacity and load factor.
add the given object to the set of those objects to be returned as part of this set
generates a blob for the output of a single stream.
compute the sign of an anti - cyclic floating point number.
adds key to the list of near keys.
analyze the fields of a class.
returns true if the log level is equal to or higher than the current log level.
loads a portion of a debugger stack.
runs the test case.
indicates whether this object is a critical one.
finds the name of the first table, which is editable ( i.
write the operations car to the file.
returns true if the list of follower is non - empty and has a new follower
parse the start of a trackpoint element.
fires a property change to all registered listeners.
checks that the given type descriptor is a valid type name starting at the given index.
sort the given fields by left and right.
draws the background to the specified graphics object.
add a unique attribute name to the unique attributes for an element. if attribute name is null
validates a deletedvmresponse object, raising an exception if the response reflects
runs the test case.
limits the maximum scale and x translation of the given matrix.
return the value factory.
constructs a new instance of this class with the given json value representing the refresh token.
adds a style to the style selector.
extracts the client name from the client id.
construct a future from a completablefuture that will invoke the complete method on that future.
returns true if the given action is a place action.
adds a view to the list of views to be cached.
reads the contents of an input stream into a byte array.
plays a media file.
convert a string to a utf - 8 string using the standard charset.
encode client cache flags.
adds a new data source to the end of the list, but only if it's
adds a value to the metrics object.
create a new row in the panel.
helper method to format the text with the specified dateformat and dateformat objects.
returns true if the given string represents a child group.
throws an exception if the given index is out of bounds for an array.
create the next uncovered locus if the stopbeforelocus is before the stopbefore
notification that a global configuration for a specific service has changed.
launches the email intent.
returns the number of elements in the set.
inserts the specified item at the specified position in the list.
adds a translator to the given classpool and starts the translator at the time it's
writes a " little endian " string to the output stream in little endian.
reads the next token from standard input, and returns it as a string, or null if
returns true if the expression matches the given regular expression.
writes the spatial grid table to a file.
add a fixed view to appear at the end of the recyclerview.
adds a close hook to be called when the connection is closed.
run the given runnable in the given executor, but only if it hasn't been shut
updates the range to reflect that the specified point is within the bounds of the chart.
checks if a character sequence is a standard upcean character sequence.
read the configuration from the specified file.
applies a trading bonus to a player.
returns the content of the given url as a string, or null if the url cannot be
creates a new trace from the trace list and the set of addresses contained in the trace list
interrupts all running tasks in the current thread.
register all default device types with the platform's default discovery provider.
removes all dependency subsets that are contained in a dependency map from a given dependency map.
draws the ticks on the canvas.
this function will always insert a new entry in the partition, otherwise it will not insert.
test de busqueda open ldap con la consulta de usuario para open
create a positive number from a string value and radix 8.
checks if the character passed in is one of the character's character encodings.
deletes all the entries in the token that match the specified dn and all the sub -
removes all highlights from the list of tags.
add all successors of the given block to the worklist, but only if they haven '
adds the given role to the list of roles.
creates a new panel object.
constructs a new instance, based on the gmt time zone.
this method is called when a response message has been successfully sent to the client.
builds the index and shard snapshots from the blob stores.
create a reply to the forum post.
returns true if this object is an armed.
create an attribkey from an elkey that represents an element that represents an html attribute.
creates a new array of the given type with sparse values from the given values.
get the tuple with the maximum data field value.
update the enabled status of the checkboxes and the disabled state of the non - checkboxes
converts two ids into a human readable string.
resets the etag cache to its initial state.
convert other - > string to string default.
removes the item at the given index.
shiftright ( int n ) a positive number, n > 0.
displays a filter dialog.
returns the number of pixels between two points.
return true if the formobject allows a popup, or false if the formobject is not
creates a localgitrepo from the current working directory.
returns a vector2 containing the smallest x and y values.
adds a test method call.
serialize the object to the output stream.
verifies the migration of the blockmirror object to the database is successful.
creates a new instance of logformatter.
removes a text listener from the list of listeners that will be notified when the text of
create idp descriptor element.
removes all buffers from the info queue and releases all buffers from the allocator.
apply the camera to the gl context.
creates a simple point table for the given point ( x, y ) coordinates.
adds the passed volumes to the existing volumes if they are not already there.
creates a new temporary file in the directory.
partition a list of annotations by target type and return a map of target type to list of
load the contents of the file into the buffer.
shows a notification if the user is on a hearing screen.
resolves the name to a file object that can be used as a reference to a file
initializes the tool tip.
decodes an array of strings encoded as an array of characters.
updates the current angle based on the current animation duration, and returns true if the animation has
( since linux 3.
generates a seed byte [ ] containing the fingerprint, pid, uid, and device serial
renders the given value expression into a string.
stops the currently running sampling thread and adds a new sample to the queue to be processed
reverses the winding of a list of vectors2 objects.
creates new dsigncsr dialog where the parent is a frame.
initializes the factory. if the notificationfactory class name is set in the system properties,
waits until the state becomes completing, or the timeout is reached, or the caller
return the closest value within the specified range ( low and high ).
parses the volume string and returns the host container directory.
formats the time according to the current time formatter and pads the result with a space.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this vector in the correct order.
returns the right part of the string, with the given character appended at the left.
appends all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this list, in
updates this application to reflect the current application state, as well as the checkpoint cid of the
converts a string to utf - 8 bytes using utf - 8 encoding.
converts a map to a list of pair of string - value pairs.
determines whether the given label is one of the predefined labels.
adds a message observer to the list of observers for this message.
displays the dialog with the specified initial character.
converts a byte to a hex value and appends it to the given stringbuffer.
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
generates a normal distribution with the given mean and standard deviation.
invoked when a warning ( code ) has been detected.
indicates whether or not the given sub name is known by this sub name.
returns the string of the first element in the list of diffs, except for inserts.
returns true if this object is stored in the datastore, or false if it is not.
returns the size of a directory as a biginteger.
returns true if the given bit is set in the searchlight table.
creates a new age file filter with a specific cutoff date.
calculates the number of major tick intervals.
fetches the next row from the result set and returns the boolean value of the first row
associates the given value with the specified attribute for the given sample.
unset the ordering of two po nodes.
convert a swf to html.
writes the contents of the given classfile to the given file.
constructs a new connection with the specified peer address and handshaking mechanism.
converts an array to a vector.
notify the listeners that the current version of sprog is now the same as the one passed
accept a drop to the target context peer if there is one.
clears all ored criteria and ordering by clause and empty order by clause.
returns a string representation of the capabilities object.
returns the date modification time for a file or folder on the server.
has the user chosen to import from a pkcs8 file?.
runs the bytecode unit on the given class, returning the result in a controlflowgraph object
checks if the engine is a valid engine and if it's rating is greater than 0
asserts that two floats are equal within a delta.
calculates the divergence for the given set of extremal indices.
loads properties from the properties file.
replaces all instances of the pattern in the text editor with the text that matches the replacement
list all properties for a given service.
creates a sequence of the elements of this stream followed by all elements of the other stream.
the object implements the readexternal method to restore its contents by calling the methods of
creates an item label generator using default number formatters.
creates a vector2 in the direction specified by the argument.
calculates the adjusted power - of - 10 value for a given number.
removes all columns from the table.
is last invoice costing method.
proxy the given port to the proxy server.
extracts the cluster name from the given cg name.
helper function to get the list of my service cards from the api.
constructs a new dview rsapublickey dialog.
samples migration events on a two - coloured square. the events are merged into a
returns true if the object value is an attribute value.
decodes an ascii key into a string.
called when the value of the tree selection field has changed.
removes a propertychangelistener from the list of listeners.
tries to transfer the given node from the blocking queue to the blocking queue until it is transfer
creates an intent to send a share message to the android app.
creates and returns an updater for objects with the given field.
this method takes a map of string to string and returns a map of string to object.
[ < rn >, lsr ], # + / - < offset_lsr
builds a rowlimitspec from the given context.
returns the index of the first common layer of this item and the specified other item.
remove items from an item stack.
saves all indexes from the map to the database.
adds the artist to the adapter at the specified position.
execute a command line command in the current working directory and return the output as a process object
expands the given location and selects it if it exists.
reads the next token from the current position.
saves the provisioning validity and expiration times to the shared preferences.
write the extension to the deroutputstream.
creates a cluster in the specified project.
return the value of the specified dereference aliases policy type or null if the value of the type
runs the test case.
write string to output stream without checking buffer size.
add a sam read to the list of reads at the specified position.
calculates the sha - 256 hash of the file header.
add the type of a property to an owlproperty.
verifies that two objects are equal.
returns a string representation of the actions of the given instance.
invoked before an object is added to the queue without waiting for the queue to be processed
encodes a byte [ ] into base 64 format and breaks the encoded string into lines.
log the performance of readfeed ( ) call.
read an rllong value from the input stream.
shiftright ( int n ) a positive number, n > 0.
resolves the given file as a soot dependency and adds the given class name to the
generates the response url for the tenant.
asserts that a label with the given path represents a label with the given text.
for each command in the given list, interpolates the result of each command in the list
initializes the given streamtokenizer with the default rules for parsing the input text.
throws an exception if an illegal message was received.
run in a separate thread to set the number of worker threads to be shutdown.
read the next chunk from the input stream.
this method will be used to lock the file.
open the datagram socket on the given port.
returns a string describing this object's global info.
executes a spark script.
disables the given feature.
removes an event listener.
returns the current python time in milliseconds.
appends the specified items to the end of this list, but does nothing if the items
returns a quote for the given keyword if it is a java keyword.
creates a new recipe object from the data stored in the cursor.
ensures that the given condition is true or throws an exception with the given error message.
generates drop table statements for the given table.
returns true if the queue is non - empty, false otherwise.
( since linux 3.
finds or creates a class from a fully qualified class name.
resets the notes ( if there are any ) and resets the status text to the standard
set the tick field of a rtc record.
writes the given data string to the specified file, encoded as specified by the specified encoding.
populate the navigation drawer.
runs the test case.
converts to object array.
record audit for callhome service.
computes the mean of all elements in the array.
constructs an ntp start time string from the given date.
selects a media type from the acceptable and the producible types of the exchange.
paints the popup's border.
ensures that the array's capacity is at least the given number of minimum elements.
if the cleaner is not null, invalidate and unmaps the given bytebuffers.
add a directory and its contents to the class loader.
returns true if the mineshafter class is present in the classpath.
tests this renderer for equality with an arbitrary object.
check if a node has at least one " element " child.
removes the item at the specified index from the list.
returns the number of css property names.
prints a string to the output stream.
checks the given permissions of the given object, adding them to the given list of accessden
displays all the strings defined in the string. xml file.
create an intent to launch the map activity.
generates the parameters to pass to the command.
write the tags from this exifinterface object's internal tags to the given outputstream.
removes an attribute at the given index.
extracts the slashed class name from a class signature.
paints the preview of the image.
starts the previewing of the camera source.
removes all categories and values from the histogram.
this function partitions a list of lists, each with a chunk size smaller than the chunk size
update the ui for the given window and all its owned windows.
removes all the results from the search results list and notifies the listener.
finds all widgets in the given container that are within the given rectangle.
prints the given text as an ascii symbol.
makes a shoppingcartitem with the given parameters.
returns a string representation of the set of assignments, i.
sets the text of the titled border.
adds the classes to the result set.
removes all references from the list.
decodes mpi encoded as a biginteger. if haslength is set to true,
this method is called when the schema of the realm has changed.
sort the nodes in the given vector using mergesort.
parses, validates and computes normalized version of year, day, or timezone object.
adds the given message to the serial message queue.
converts a string to a dbid.
write a short ( 16bit value ) to the output stream.
prints the long followed by a newline.
constructs a new thriftservicemetadata for a single service of the given type.
creates a writableraster with the same layout but using a different width and height, and with
creates an exception that indicates that a property value with a constraint violation is not valid.
checks if the start of a block.
initializes the layerstore using the properties from the properties file at the given url.
returns true if this message was suppressed by any of the answers in this message.
creates a properties object from a map of key - value pairs.
selects the first node that matches the query string.
gets an array of strings from a properties object.
compare two locales by language and variant.
executes the query and reads the result set.
method to add a distinct entry to a source list if it isn't already present.
compares this mmsobject with another mmsobject for equality.
end a transaction by passing the current connection object as a parameter.
creates a new panel object.
makes sure there is enough space to hold all of the elements in the list.
change the openam name to the given one.
computes a full url from a base url and a link string.
loads the package files from the manifest and adds them to the list of packages to be loaded
converts the given array of reference types to their corresponding raw types.
adds a column at the given index.
readdata ( ) - method called to read data for this entry from the input stream.
removes the given display from the list of displays.
returns the next next gaussian in the distribution, if there is one, otherwise updates the next
fires an event on all registered listeners.
update the port field of the contact header based on the sip message.
creates a new instance of this class with the specified user agent.
adds entry to the cache and adds it to the cache and returns the candidate to the caller
visits a vertex and adds it to the features array.
test with no solutions, which is the same as the join order of the solutions.
deletes a file or logs a warning if the file could not be deleted.
removes the value at the specified index from the list of values.
add a group member to a gitlab user.
creates a new logger with the specified name and resource bundle name.
increment the value of a bin.
throws an exception with a message if the expression is not true.
put all of the given fields into this document.
returns true if the stringlist contains the match, ignoring case.
computes the median absolute deviation of the values in the array x and stores the result in
initialize all plugins in the pluginorder, if they have been loaded.
stops the session process.
sets the'keepalives'property to the given value.
creates a new request configured to upload a video from a file.
read a byte [ ] from a checkedmessage, verifying that the checksum is the same
create a new multicast socket.
checks if the selected meta data is a subset of the meta data for this example set.
validate the will - destination and payload - destination must both be non - null and not null
creates a new berinputstream that can read from the given inputstream and initial size.
creates a new test member of the given type and port + 1.
encodes a line suffix for printing to the specified output stream.
returns true if the font is system font or false if it's not.
adds the given url to the list of urls that should be loaded.
sets all of the specified fields in this document to their respective values, replacing the existing values
constructs a new instance of an appraisegitreviewclient.
creates a read - only rootblock view from the given byte buffer.
create the soap request entity.
asserts that all enum constants of the class are playingcard. class.
returns a string representation of this uri.
javax. net. ssl. sslsocket # generatecertificate ( x509certificate certificate ).
returns true if the specified file is within the target directory.
skips over any character in the specified character sequence, advancing the cursor position.
removes all of the elements in this list that are contained in the specified collection.
atomically sets the tail offset to the given node, returning true if successful, or false
returns a phone object initialized with the specified value.
loads a resource bundle from the specified resource bundle name.
gets the uris of all the virtual pools that are associated with the given remote copy settings.
converts the given string to html.
adds the given lock to the lock list, checking to make sure there is no overlapping lock
evaluates the uf3 problem.
reloads the model with a new value.
converts a move from a square to a string from an uci unit to an uc
creates a new image that can be accelerated to the given component.
displays a summary of the state of the compiler.
writes the given string to the given writer.
ensures that the buffer can hold at least n characters long.
decrements the reference count on this stream and closes the stream if it's closed
converts an x500 principal to an x500 name.
asserts that the described resource is contained in the describe cache and that the description of the
returns true if this is a flat type.
builds a list of the limited networks that can be used for the given subscription.
evaluate an array of tokens, and return the result of evaluating the expression on the top.
add all the series to the series list.
exit with exit code.
compares the two terms for order.
merge this aabb with another aabb and return this one.
generates the auto tag for the class at the given offset in the current stack trace.
flush any pending processing of any pending start / end tags and cdata tags.
initializes the default distribution set layout and the default authentication and polling configuration views.
constructs a new extended type with the given nodetype, namespace, and local name.
validates that new expressionowner is the same as path, and that every path that is
starts a mock system consumer thread.
undoes the last action ( if any ), or redoes the last action ( if
removes a column from the table.
returns a string describing the size of the table.
peeks a sample from the media stream and stores it into the given buffer info.
scans the blocks chunk, returning the scanned result.
returns the hash code value for this object.
balance all of the segments defined in the acct's schema.
constructs a new annotationdrawer.
returns whether or not the user output has no partitions.
inserts a string at the specified offset in the document.
reads a utf - 16 code - point from the reader and returns the corresponding unicode code -
stores an integer value in the specified byte array, assuming that it is stored in little -
creates a new item with the specified symbol and label text.
this method is used to set the tag of the current element.
consume the amount of regen left to consume, and return the amount consumed.
adds a join qualifier to the from clause.
converts a string to an array of files or directories.
retrieves and removes an element from this priority queue, waiting if necessary up to the specified
add a listener that will be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view.
returns the number of patterns in this set.
writes an uint8 value to the output stream.
add two positive numbers of the same length.
adds a header to the header list.
store the key and certificate to the key store location.
appends a type to a pointer hierarchy ( type, pointer ).
sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order.
returns a string representation of the distribution.
returns the last element of this set.
causes the current thread to sleep for the specified number of milliseconds.
searches in this list for the first node that matches the argument, starting at the specified
indicates whether or not the given modifiers indicate that a package access is being performed.
write the xml document to a file.
constructs a decorator for a managed window.
writes a byte array to the underlying input stream, and flushes the output stream immediately.
logs a message with log level equal to the log level of this class.
process the list of device updates and notify listeners.
returns true if the remote can rebalance this remote node.
converts a file to a sld file if it exists.
inserts properties into a template string.
changes the font of the given component, based on the given style.
draws the contours of the image with the given color.
saves an x509 certificate in a file.
removes all listeners from the list of the listeners that are notified when the central item changed
invokes the specified method on the specified class and returns the result.
return true if the current line is filled below the current line.
this method is called when the patch service result from a patch request.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns true if this packet represents a stanza, false if it is a message, stanza,
this method is called when a key is pressed on a button in a form field.
returns true if the version of the bean needs to be updated based on the bundle version.
clears the cache for the given view map.
load logical tables with granularities.
reads the next block of data.
adds a new subscription to the list of clients subscribed to this client.
constructs a new instance of x509certpathimpl.
creates a process object from an xml string.
creates a new instance of this class.
build a regular expression to match a qualifier value.
returns a shortened version of the name string.
blends the two colors according to the given weight.
the address on which this process's waited - for kstkeip command is
decides what ui to use based on the options.
converts an image to a bufferedimage of the given size and type.
read an array from the input.
returns a list of all available terminals of the given type.
removes the specified sensor selection listener.
writes a character. this method cannot be inherited from the writer class because it must suppress i
tests that the dex class loader is loaded correctly.
registers ttl manager. if ttl manager is not already registered, it will be removed.
converts an hour minute minute and second time to a java. sql. time.
initializes the keystore. this method will reset the current file list and add to the
converts the native image bytes to the platform image bytes.
removes folder stacking markers from a filename if the filename is empty.
discards the registrar and all of it's associated resources.
returns true if the given state is a final state.
generates scale - markers of the given protein length.
write a figtree block with the given map of key - value pairs.
returns a hash code value for this object.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
the start of the dtd.
writes the tags from this exifinterface object with the tags from the given byte array as the
called at the beginning of a transaction.
creates a new exception for a method argument that is not a valid value.
compress a string to a zlib - compressed byte [ ].
load the extension / mime - type mapping.
implementation for default startdocumenthandler ).
converts the timestamp format to the format used by the jdk 1.
encode an array of bytes into a base64 string.
writes the string representation of the double followed by a newline.
returns a string representation of this ipv4 address, including the extended network prefix.
returns true if the given zookeeper host is a chroot.
executes the supplied operation on the specified database, if it exists, otherwise does nothing
creates a hash code based on the uri and prefix.
creates a new instance of this fragment with the given section number.
import translation file. return true on success. return false on error.
creates a new result file reader.
callback invoked when an asynchronous action fails, or when an exception occurs while connecting to the broker
checks if the given identifier should be excluded.
returns true if the given exception was caused by communicating a communication error.
returns true if this version of this library can be reached from the database, false otherwise.
pushes the given type on the output stack.
get the max value for a short.
fires a property change notification of a bound property change.
encodes a string into its base64 string representation.
creates the database entities required for storage policy testing.
creates a new instance of pdfpage.
method to add key / value pairs to a map. if key and values are not null
saves the current boot. properties to a jar file in the boot. properties.
appends the given source file to the given printwriter and returns the current record number.
write timestamp in binary format.
calculates the difference between this string and s1 and s2.
creates a morpha string from the given text.
deletes a file. if the file does not exist, it will be created.
create a shape representing a check mark.
initializes the cache by reading all the files in the specified root directory.
creates a new thread that listens for incoming tcp connections on the given address and port.
sets the selected bean to cut the bean, based on the location of the selected bean.
adds a remover to the list of remover handlers.
action to be performed on the action listener.
adds a new entry to the model and enables / disables the remove button.
ensures that the list can hold at least one more element.
constructs a uuid with the specified most - significant and least - significant bits set.
creates a prettyprint with a specified number of spaces.
renders the given handler value into the given component's response and writes it into the
returns a string representation of the tsdb scope, including the namespace if it is not empty.
creates a new selector and registers a new one.
multiply two positive numbers of the same length and return the result in the correct order.
parse the follower result and send the appropriate events to listeners.
executes a raw sql query using a prepared statement and processing rows returned by a rowprocessor
returns current time in nanoseconds.
tests clone of a format.
send a request to the remote server and block until the reply is received or an error
returns true if the string is null or 0 - length.
enables dependency for the given capability.
extracts the current robot debug variables from the new variables map and updates the non - global
add a integer to the config.
this method maps the full width letter to half width letter.
verifies that two collections are equal in the same way that they are not in the same
determines if the response code has a response body.
returns the number of pending messages in the queue.
adds the given value to the series.
returns true if the action should be executed, false if the action should not be executed.
moves the column forward or backward depending on if the cursor is at the end of a
handles or dispatches a message to the startup queue, or adds it to the startup queue
removes the zones from the zone export masks for the given volume.
shut down the nbestlistwriter and alignmentwriter classes.
paints the icon at the specified location.
zooms the image to the specified scale and positions the image at the specified position.
returns a list of all the shard / channel mappings for all the channels in the database.
returns true if the file should be hidden, or false if it should be hidden.
returns true if the scroll view can be scrolled vertically, with the given direction.
loads a jar from the jar stream.
invalidate the title sortable state of all the movies in the movie list.
add a new row to the table.
creates a jar file with the specified name and content.
moves the month to the given day.
performs a search for the specified element in the hash table.
closes a jdbc connection.
description, msgoption, msgnumber [ 0 ], default option [ 0 ] for all
adds a color map listener.
compute p - values for all objects in the specified relation using the k - nearest neighbor distances
appends a suffix to the given string if it does not already have the suffix.
returns a jsonobject containing the root entries of all filesystems.
creates a new externalproblem with the process input and output streams of the process.
checks to see if the named network monitor exists.
adds the given predicates to this query's and - with.
add a roll to the set of faces with the given rng.
checks to see if the canonical user options are compatible with the options specified in the command -
closes the given closeable object, ignoring any exceptions that might be thrown.
push the encrypted enveloped message to the queue of enveloped enveloped messages
returns a random number between min ( inclusive ) and max ( exclusive ).
close method testing. does not close the underlying iterator but does not close the iterator itself.
pushes a list of pspgedata objects to be drawn.
populate task list from source and group to add to task list if not already in task list
get the tuple with the minimum value stored in given field.
returns the tip text for this property.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
start a scrolling based on a specified fling start and end touching with a velocity.
adds a listener that is notified about navigator changes.
this method will be used to close the streams and the executor service to close the streams.
computes the patience of a gaussian distribution with mean k, f, n = n
create a series name list from an array of arrays.
read a number of bytes into a portion of an array.
log a fatal level message.
expands the given number string starting at the given index.
returns true if one string is null, and the other string is not null.
writes the output to the specified file.
returns true if all rule 17 directors in the given set are used.
stops the thread that accepts incoming connections and closes the server socket.
given system id and base system id, checks to see if base system id is null or
frees a message back into the pool.
indicate whether or not two strbuilder instances are equal ignoring case.
converts a uuid into a long value.
adds a vm argument to the vmlist.
apply the visitor to the given field.
compare to a number of the same length and equal to a negative number.
test that the screenshot method will be called when the user selects a screenshot and ensures that the
unlinks target volumes from snapshot session.
reverses the order of the edges in the given directed sequence.
change a part to a reference. this method can be used to change a reference to a
reads a line of text from the input stream and returns it as a string.
adds items to the scene.
returns the url of the home page of the documentation page.
checks if there is a taxon file in the sequence mapping file.
removes a selection listener from the list of listeners.
replace the node at the given index with a new node of the given type.
handles the " submit " button request.
recursively deletes the max - child of x and all of its descendants.
atomically removes all of the elements from this queue.
this method is invoked in the onprogress ( ) method of the adapter class.
constructs a new treenode with the given value and agent information.
constructs a new instance, based on a particular date / time and time zone.
returns the code attribute if it exists, otherwise returns null.
creates a new binary output stream that writes to the given file.
reads class descriptor from the input stream.
creates a new file and returns true if the file was created successfully, false if it was
or for zero and one.
execute a prepared statement and return the number of rows affected.
creates a new samlauthorityconfig with the passed in tokenrestrictions and clock tolerance.
throws an exception if the string is null or empty.
cancel any currently running unnamed tasks.
returns the minimum and maximum value for a list of values.
create a new criteria for the ored query.
reads an escaped character, advancing the parser's position if it is an escape
updates the query and header parameters for the authentication specified in the specified array of authentication names.
adds spaces around spans until the string is fixed, removes the unneeded spaces.
removes the bookmark tracking icons from the list of gutter icons.
constructs a new simplemetricgroup with the given name and stream of metrics.
returns true if the given point is within the bounds of this line.
loads the protocols using the given class loader.
returns a list of all host addresses that are available on the network interface.
caculate the input sample size, if necessary and return it as an integer.
indicates whether or not the specified status is included in the set of statuses.
returns a string representation of the classifier.
compute hash of prf - ss and seed - prf - ss and write to out
adds a channel map to the channel manager.
adds the specified object to this queue, if the queue is nearly large enough to hold
associates a resource with a key in the cache.
parses a list of uid ranges from a comma separated list of uid range strings.
replaces a suffix in a string.
executes a claimed task.
creates the navi directory if it exists or creates it if it does not exist.
method to handle update button.
converts a class file to a class with the given protection domain.
return an iterator over the target objects in this phase.
compute and set the size of the scrolled content.
returns a hash code value for this object.
builds a map of pool names to pool indexes for the given cached data.
creates a new dviewpkcs8 dialog where the parent is a dialog.
creates a horizontal separator.
adds the specified object at the end of the array.
build this instance from the results returned from the realm.
generates a signature using the m_header and m_dash and s_len fields
and for a negative and a positive numbers ; the first is longer.
writes a portion of an array of bytes to the output stream.
launches an intent to open the given file.
converts a date string to a java. sql. date object.
round the float value to the next power of 2.
creates a new plaintext component with the given short.
returns a copy of this attribute annotations attribute.
create the changes for each component.
description is the same as the # it ( ), with no newline and no newline.
returns true if the file is writable.
returns a string representation of this object.
parses this message from the given input stream.
javax. net. ssl. cipherinputstream # skip ( int n ) method testing.
appends the given character to the string buffer.
returns the hash code of this object.
construct a cholesky decomposition on the input matrix.
find all the candidate crossings of the two given points in the index.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
creates a new repository location with the specified repository name and path components.
add a property to the carbonproperties object.
creates the child deltas for the given element and adds it to the given list of ancestors.
provides a string representation of the title of the dialog.
returns the number of keys in this hash map.
replaces all occurrences of oldpattern in instring with newpattern.
determines if the given coordinate is in the specified zone.
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a new xwaveslabelfilereader from a reader.
parses a double from a string, returning a default if the string can't be
register a new app name for the given application.
add or update a profile to the user's profile store.
prints the given character to the output stream.
create block views for all blocks in the workspace and add them to the workspace view.
clears all trails associated with the given token id.
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog.
parses a comma - separated list of integers, and returns an array of integers.
constructs a new directoryorfilenotfobjectexception with a default message.
creates a new array with the same values as the original array, but with a random scale
parses a sip message header from a header line.
convert srg color to rgb.
records the beginning of a run.
rotates around the y axis ( p, c ) by the specified angle ( in degrees
determine if the given word is pronounceable.
creates a new split edge list from the intersection list of this split edge.
constructs a new instance of this class.
creates a new instance of membasedcache with the specified maximum cache size in bytes.
update the max required and max match widths.
enables or disables the overview menu.
handle a mouseentered mouselistener event.
fetches a single page of collections from zk.
visit the given annotation node, starting with the given visitor for each of the values.
add one or more ids to be included in the ids query.
stops monitoring and sends a status message to the client.
normalizes a request url to its canonical form.
reads the hessian output from the given input stream and stores it in the given output stream
commits the current local transaction if it is active.
adds the object class attribute to the given entry if it does not already exist.
populates the area list of the cross - heirarchy with the given ward
reads a name from the given input stream.
creates a new simplestring by concatenating the given character to the end of this string.
converts a probability density function to log - odds probability density function.
signals that the queue is not empty.
creates a new marynode with the given spectree and fills it with the leaves of
returns the number of nodes in the path.
adds the given host name to the blacklist. the blacklist is ordered by the number of milliseconds
adds a node to the lop, if it isn't already added.
saves this map out to a stream ( that is, serializes the keys and values )
returns the sigma value of a noncentral normal distribution.
inserts a new entry into the database or replaces an existing entry if the entry already exists
translates the current transform with the specified x and y values and writes the new transform.
writes default serializable fields to the output stream.
writes spaces to the given writer, until the given amount is greater than or equal to the
computes the relative overlap of the two mbrs of the two mbrs.
invoked when the user selects the " auto - draw " menu item.
this method will block until we have at least the specified number of bytes to be read from
constructs a z21message from an array of bytes and the length of the message.
sorts the given method descriptors by using the method sorter if defined.
parses a comma - separated list of property names.
returns true if the type is annotated with the specified annotation.
builds the tooltip text for the graph nodes of a node.
remove item click listener.
looks for a selectable item. if look_down is set to true, the item
pads the specified string to the specified length by adding spaces to the end of the string
returns the names of the matching collation rules for the given locales with the given number suffix and
checks if the given class is cache - safe for the given class loader.
write the contents of this object to the specified print stream.
creates a new part from the encoded and decoded strings.
creates an array of epochmonth = epochmonth + 1, epochday = epochday +
converts the given class descriptor into an internal name.
register a new subscription. the subscription will be unsubscribed if the new subscription is no longer
checks after unmarshalling. < p > todo!! - - begin - user - doc
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping if it
perform an asynchronous collect operation.
converts from the type used by reflection to the type used by the underlying reflection.
register builder for a specific manufacturer.
copies the reil code from a reil graph into a new reil graph.
loads overrides from the content - types properties file and adds them to the list of overrides.
reads the contents of a reader into a string.
compute the similarity of two lanees.
forces the window to overflow, if the window size is greater than or equal to the
finds the first occurrence of the given string in the stringbuffer, or - 1 if
prepare an operand. this method is used to create an instruction to change the operand type.
divide the conquer brownian bridge.
returns the ejbjarxmlversion constant for the given xml type.
returns a new list of coords that contain the same coordinates in x and y.
prints a 32 - bit integer to standard output and flushes standard output.
copies the text in the text field to the new location.
handles save button request.
creates the description label.
creates a new instance of the httpmethodclient class.
creates a new instance of ispsshash using the given asymmetric block cipher, digest
decodes a plain text value from the given byte array and returns the decoded text as a
extracts values from a collection using the extractor.
is this a zte build?.
normalize a string to a character sequence using the specified character encoding.
finds the node with the lowest key less than or equal to the node's lo
returns the number of sets in the set.
constructs a line generator with a specified thickness and a set of colors for the points.
converts a biginteger to an unsigned byte array.
calculates the length of a set of control points.
converts a mouse event's modifier flags to a drop action.
adds an assignment to the clause.
returns true if we have reached the end of the value list.
creates a list of icon markers for the list of locations passed to this component.
check if there is a network connection to the server and send the request to the listener.
assigns a thread handler for a given subscriber.
validates the dynamic attribute names in the policy response and creates a hashset of response attributes
returns true if the given type is assignable from the given instance or if it is a wrapper
initialize the warrant manager.
adds a command to the menu.
connects the gatt server to the bluetooth le device.
normal distribution density function ( cdf ).
draws the given shape using the given shapeflatness as the projection of the shape.
tears up the broker manager, removing all entries that implement the mqtt connectionfactory.
load the groups from the specified input stream.
atomically sets the current value to the given new value.
creates a list of values that are used to uniquely identify the node's name and namespace
converts a collection to a string, with a specified separator.
converts a base64 encoded byte [ ] to a byte [ ].
removes all premoves that have been dropped.
clearbit ( int n ) a positive number.
opens the stop button and signals the stop button to the user.
write the distinguished name to the deroutputstream.
make the instance dirty.
returns a list containing all of the nodes in this tree as arraylist.
remove the given connection from the set of connections to be sent when the connection is closed.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
splits a prefix into a list of parts.
converts a string of lower hex characters to an unsigned long.
return the standard error for sampling a sample of a sample of a given size.
load the policy qualifier information table from the given list of policy qualifier info.
runs a sql script and stores the results in the database.
finds the first marker segment of the given class.
return a filterable which removes all elements that are contained in the specified values.
reset the header and body bytes received.
deletes the element at the specified index from this queue.
close the dialog and save the data or close the dialog if save is set to true.
adds a new message to the message queue and returns the uri of the created message queue.
blocking subscribe and wait for a print to complete.
calculates a nice number, based on the range and round flag.
copies a header from a request to a buffer.
sends a metric to the telemetry client.
adds all of the given fields to the document, replacing the existing values if they match the
finds the base resource in the given class loader and returns the url of the base resource
returns a string representation of this string using the specified formatter.
indicates whether the value at the specified index is present in this array.
creates a new instance of this reader.
initializes the adb socket address.
reads a number of bytes from a given offset into a byte array, starting at a given
returns true if the given tag name matches any of the tag names in this doc comment.
shuts down the vm and releases any system resources associated with it.
is the row in the expanded state?.
finds the label end of a label.
adds a listener to be notified of changes in the animation.
constructs a httpmethodinfo with the specified method, handler, args, form parameters and
tests two byte [ ] [ ] fields for equality. field1 and field2 must have
draws the text for a node and its associated edges.
updates the current race with the new races from the given list of races.
returns true if this parameter is required.
sends data to a service receiver.
prints a decimal number with the default decimal format for us.
constructs a set from a map.
removes all biomes of a certain type from the list of allowed biomes.
calculates the minimum and maximum requirements for a tiled layout.
converts an integer to an integer, if necessary, padded integer to a number of digits
creates an ldap filter object from the filter set.
sends the given blob instruction to the client.
defines the values and labels for this data series.
merges a set of intervals into a single set of intervals.
removes a conflict resolution from the given string while the given closure condition is true.
adds a new node to the list of nodes in the tree.
print text to the console.
ensure that the size of the array is at least the size of the array.
divide the given data array, starting at " start " and ending at " end ".
asserts that one or more threads are still alive, with a given delay before the given
constructs a non - serial worker manager with the specified id.
called when a message is received from the client.
inserts a trace via p_via_info into the trace at p_location.
returns true if the distinct projection or incoming bindings buffer size exceeded a threshold.
converts a string to a byte array.
returns the maximum number of characters allowed for the items in this list.
write a portion of an array of characters.
rounds the point to the left so that it will be on the right by the given direction
calculates the proxy address to use for the specified target host.
adds a reference to a source position and a reference position. if the reference position is already
returns an array containing all elements in this list in the order from left to right.
returns true if the thread is running.
unwrap a vcf file ( sourcefile, tmpfile ) from a vcf file to a
register a new user with the store.
constructs a select query with the specified columns.
test class compliance. < p > this method checks that the class implements the given mbean interface
converts a template model instance into a set of string objects.
creates a new instance of jks that stores data in ks_stream and stores the data
writes a location string to the output stream.
return the offset for the given vtable offset in the buffer.
evaluates the xpath expression as a string.
converts an http. headers object to an armeria headers object.
calculates the mean square of the sum of the square of the mean of the square of
initialize the shader program.
returns true if the given alias exists in this cache.
invert the selected relations.
float value of a negative bigdecimal.
binds the given key store to the provided key store service.
draw the connector centers for all connections in the workspace.
returns true if the targeter of the given instruction handle is a branch instruction that is a
loads the x509 trustmanager from the keystore and sets the default vi prs object.
determines if the current element is outside of the document element stack.
creates a new threadpool with the specified pool size and name.
invokes the specified method on the specified object with the specified parameters, or throws an
reset all the properties to their default values, allowing this object to be re - added.
adds a helper text color that will be used to highlight the helper text.
moves the clock to the next minute.
constructs a listbasedtokenstream with the attributes from the given attributesource.
resolves the given class using the given class loader.
makes a map of name / value pairs that can be used in the given source map
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified key in the specified array.
adds a synthetic edge to the result.
adds the states in the given array to the list of states.
readobject is called to restore the state of the receiver from a stream ( such as an
retries regenumkeyex ( ) max_attempts times before giving up.
adds a task to the list of tasks.
initialize the compute shader.
sorts the elements in the list in ascending numerical order.
creates an object from a byte buffer.
generates a unique group name based on the policy name and the set of existing group names
asserts that the column types of the result set match the expected column types.
creates a new default action group with the given actions.
add a new row to the list and return the row index.
pushes the term onto the pending data, and updates the prefixstarts array with the text
constructs a new numericliteral with the specified object as a source.
atomically sets the head of the given update to the head of the given node.
removes the dependencies of the given node from the set of kinds that this node depends on
creates a new map with aggressive concurrency level.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept the given event.
skips all whitespace characters and returns the next non - whitespace character.
return an iterator over the literal result attributes.
parse a map of key - value pairs from a string, separated by a specified character
constructs a new priority queue based on the elements of the specified collection.
returns the id of the resource in which this resource appears in the schema.
returns true if the plugin is initialized. <! - - begin - user - doc -
normalizes the given charsequence by adding a line separator for each character in the sequence.
saves a container as the specified schema prefix file in the given container configuration, using the
indicates whether the test has aborted.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
skip ( long value ) method testing.
this method is used to open a file for reading and writing to a byte array.
prints a boolean to standard output and flushes standard output.
creates a new instance of ipc shared memory space.
closes the connection to the database and releases any system resources associated with the database.
returns a new instance of version with the specified qualifier added.
perform a 16bit load from the given address using the signed access source.
converts a byte [ ] array into a hex string.
unregister the baggage handler.
constructs a new dataset with a specified number of samples, with a specified minimum and maximum
compare the two arrays in the order they appear in the array, in the order that
collects the text from the first node in the text buffer and sets it as the first
unproxy the given annotation. if the annotation is proxied, it will be unproxyed
parses the given expression text and returns a list of nodes.
adds the given section to the list of tickmark sections.
equivalent to calcq ( f, lambda ), except for exp ( lambda ).
flush the output stream. this is used to flush the output stream to the underlying output stream
delete characters from the buffer starting at the specified index.
add an plotter to the plotter group.
finds the node with the given key and relative relation flags, or null if no such
add a speedrunslivelistener to listen for changes in the speedruns.
searches for the first match of the input string starting at the given index.
perform the specified action on the specified fault and return the value of the fault.
returns true if the string contains a whitespace character.
base64 - decode the given encoded value using the specified coder.
validates all the elements of the setdata object.
returns the sum of the given values, returning the result as a string.
list all the user's names in the database.
implements the'dofunction'method of the interface's dofunction ( ) method.
adds a long value to the request.
compares two objects according to this ordering.
adds an action listener that will be called when the user presses the check box.
calculates the bounds for the title for the given index of the item with the given paint
returns the union of this union of the union of the given other.
returns a string representation of the object.
finds the first offset of the field of the given class in any of its superclasses
send a warning message to the log.
extracts the first element of the list.
action to be performed when the user presses the " add " button in the panel.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs,
upgrades the server instance to the new version.
creates a new instance of the given class.
pops a type from the top of the type descriptor stack.
create a msrp session.
creates a forum post.
draws the mark at ( x, y ).
invoked when the component has been resized.
converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
change the value of the label and notify listeners.
write a byte array to the output stream and increment the number of bytes written by the number
updates the current angle of the point and notifies the listener if there is a change.
quietly blocks until all tasks have been processed or the timeout has been reached.
return the closest value of left and right value for the given view position, relative to the
creates a new instance of this request wrapper with the specified request.
converts an x value to the panel x value.
forwards the current request to the target page, with a default timeout of 30 30 seconds
gets the primary keys for the given owner and table.
reads an unsigned long value from the input stream.
converts the prefix of the given leaf to a prefix token.
adds a new record to the list of records to be written.
schedule a send to the remote peer, but don't queue it for processing in the
blocks the caller if there is a match for the node with the given predicate.
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array, with the given string as
finds the binding for the given key, assuming that it is an object.
initialize the compute shader.
check if task completed success or failure from response.
center the list of nodes on the horizontal axis.
appends the given text to the text body.
called when the activity is about to restore the selected positions from a saved saved instance state.
constructs a new hour object.
undoes the last action, if there is one on the files that need to be un
is connected using wifi?.
closes this output stream and flushes the output stream's internal buffer.
returns true if the list of extensions is empty, or false if this list is empty.
constructs a new process from the specified file.
extracts the music id from a media id.
verify that getscope ( ) method returns the same value as getscope ( ).
builds the parameter list for the given method.
returns true if the given cell is part of this cell set.
creates a new noise generator with the given random number generator.
converts object array of long to primitive array.
process the new lines generated by this process_tx_bytes and process_tx_bytes
initializes the lookup table.
returns a string representation of this object.
read the data from the input stream.
adjusts the indentation level by the given amount.
returns the current capacity of the map.
parses a code string.
get a random number between omin and omax.
test verifies that reopen ( ) throws illegalstateexception if reopen ( ) fails.
searches for a file in a list of path or subdirectory of a list of file paths
returns true if this entry has unsupported critical extension.
format the given value and return the formatted string.
load configuration from jvm parameters.
perform a soft signin operation.
check that alter table and command cache can be used.
calculates an approximate unit for a given size.
creates an element with the given namespace and prefix.
modifies a file by applying a function to the contents of the file.
updates the population from the archived version of the population and writes the updated population to the file
checks that listoptions ( ) method returns non - null value and prints a warning message if
perform a projection on a lat / lon location and return the projection d_lspam
called when the size of the view has changed.
removes the given object from the list of turntable objects.
description of the method.
convert an image into a matrix object.
creates a new file system utils object.
get the number of scheduled tasks in the scheduler queue.
constructs a new dgeneralnamechooser dialog.
clears all animations and cameras, cameras, animals, and plug - in
adds a limiting mitre join between two segments.
returns a copy of the data except the base - 64 bytes.
multiply two numbers of positive scales.
converts a lease duration and a limit value to a duration in milliseconds.
converts a path component into a cookie path.
formats a double as a decimal string using simple decimal format.
creates a new generator with the given number formatters and date formatters.
creates a unique identifier for a given snmp oid.
caches the specified attribute values for the specified attribute id in the cache of this object.
parses the policy from the policy file.
injects the value for the specified key into the volume information container, if the key is
this method is called when a recyclerview is detached from a recycler view.
loads a file into the arffsortedtablemodel and sets the title and the model.
tries to read from the given inputstream as a gzip input stream, if it can '
returns the hash code value for this object, or 0 ( no hash code ) if this
creates a new prefix query for an ipv4 address range.
create an amsubject object for the given amuser.
makes sure the capacity and size of the vector can accomodate the given index.
add normal command line options to the command line list.
assigns a hex to the boardview and places the images in the hextileset.
triangulate a set of points.
url - safe base64 encode a byte [ ].
writes out the given java field specification as a parameter to the given parent element.
reads the default serializable field values for this object, and initializes this object with those values from
parses the rdf data from the given reader using the supplied baseuri as the baseuri
removes the destination statement from the text.
converts special characters in the given string to their escaped form for inclusion in an output string
add a file to the jar.
inserts a new array of items at the specified position in this list.
sets the minimum and maximum values to the values of the specified collection of integers.
get a buffer that contains the major version number.
creates a new index request source from the given xstream source.
creates the data to sign based on the given digest.
set the'if - modified - since'request header to the given value.
returns the absolute path where the journal should be written to.
returns a new instance of the given class with the given dimensions.
play together a collection of animators.
prints an error message to the log.
returns a string representation of all the statistics that can be shown in the log file.
applyl1reg, x, l1 u, lambda1qk, wi
this method cannot be called directly.
returns a string representation of the given url.
helper method to load move participants from the refactoring service.
determine the preference vector according to the current preference strategy.
paint the disabled arrow in the given width and height.
flipbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
called when a user is added or removed from the list.
returns true if there are more events to process.
extract the xmp file from the input stream.
initializes the model and adds the given validator to the list of global validators and registers the
apply a cross - over operation to the bayes net representation.
resets this object to the initial state.
creates a new user perspective with the given name and shows it if show is true.
returns the value of the phred function, given an error value as a number in the
returns a string representation of the given class.
encode the string as a base64 string.
throws an exception if the token is not of the expected type.
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate3 ( ). updates values in one column in the
setstring ( int, byte [ ] b, byte [ ] s ) to null.
returns true if this type is assignable from the given type.
tries to insert the chq bounce penalty into egdemanddetail table.
reads the sample info from the byte buffer.
handles the maintenance operation.
executes the given callable and then updates the clock with the new value.
returns true if the specified bytecode version string represents a post - built jd version.
specify the type and source to be used in the mapping method for the index.
finds a template file in the given directory.
initializes the cache with all of the files stored in the root directory.
add a circularprogressviewlistener to the list of listeners.
constructs a new site status check thread.
render the glyph to the specified graphics device ( such as a screen or a form glyph )
resets the current set of variables and returns a copy of the original set.
releases the temporary application context.
deletes all tables in the database.
find a pet category by it's id.
marks a default session token as removed for a particular site.
creates a new instance of the exchange with the given request and origin.
computes the alpha of a discard operation.
converts unix time to file time.
encrypts a string with a secret key and an encoding.
removes the given address from this user.
ensures correct size of the widget.
report the end of an element.
verify migrate from the product home directory exists and is a valid file.
get the history as an array of spanned html nodes.
formats the given message with the given arguments.
inserts the prosody related elements into the given utterance.
creates a folder with the given name.
translates the matrix after the rotation of an image, and then reverts the view size
create a spannable text builder with the ticker title and body.
adds the protocol type to the set of protocols if it does not already exist.
returns a string representation of this vector.
adds a key to the map, if the key is not already associated with the key,
load a configuration from a resource.
write a log message to the log directory.
draws the image in the vertical axis of the chart.
construct a public key from its encoding.
returns the number of hits that match the given query.
check whether an expression is true.
add a header to the mock response.
perform an asynchronous max operation.
prints a character followed by a newline.
tests write ( byte [ ] ) with an empty record in the underlying store.
this method is called when the commit method has been called to ensure that the intervals that are
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate7 ( ). updates all values in one row in
extracts an indent string from a line of text.
does the real work of getpath ( ).
adds the filename of the status line to the container if it does not already contain the filename
divide : rounding mode is round_half_down, result is negative ; distance =
encodes a plain text string into its base64 representation using the specified character set.
slide the panel up or down depending on the slide.
add sticky drawer items to this drawer.
is loggable ( level = finest ).
resets the namespace trie to its initial state.
returns the trigonometric sine of the value of the argument with the given angle.
extract the data from a stego file.
constructs a session id based on the given encrypted id and a session id prototype.
create a cardinal spline from a list of points ( starting at start ) to list of
determines whether or not this sequence matches the specified sequence.
compares two comparable objects and returns a negative value if both comparable objects are equal.
checks to see if the user's root apk is present.
adds an expression to the expression list and returns the index of the newly added expression.
execute the given task synchronously if there is an element at the head of the iterator.
find the component with the given name in the given root.
returns true if the class template is the fingerprint class.
writes an float field value.
extracts the column keys from a line of a csv file.
draws a rhombus centered on the x, y, w, h in the
this method converts a list of byte buffers to byte [ ] objects and fills it with the
creates a new instance of the class with the given class name.
generates a random derived key from the size of the specified number of bytes needed.
tests the finalization once the queue is non - empty, even if the queue is
show the keyguard view.
computes the width of a string.
returns true if the given accessibilityevent passes the sanity check.
action to be performed.
returns a string representation of the localdate object.
constructs a data source metadata object.
returns email object with specified value.
creates a new address lookup object.
adds a change listener to the list of listeners.
creates a node with the given parameters.
creates a new cell with the specified rowspan and colspan.
creates a new element name and pushes it onto the stack, but does nothing if the name
constructs a format object from a string containing one of the following format variables : id :
returns true if this interval is equal to the given interval.
returns a url relative to a base url, e.
starts the task. if the task has not started yet, it will be started at the
constructs a new journal index backed by the store with the specified checkpoint.
closes the plog file and releases the plog stream if it exists.
searches for the first consonant in the list of first consonants, and sets
creates a new instance of buddypanelcontroller.
executes the javac with the given classpath and returns the output of the class in the
park the current thread and check if it is interrupted.
lists all available gpu platforms.
adds a request helper that depends on this request helper.
determines whether the given object is a date.
converts the given config to an xml string.
builds a quadrilateral list from a set of points.
heapify - up method for two - ary heap.
insert a key / value pair into the tree.
unlocks both the take and put locks.
returns true if the filename has a file with one of the sub - extensions.
write the constant to the given output stream.
initializes the properties. if the reset parameter is set to true, the properties will be
adds a network listener.
appends the content prefix to the buffer.
add an error listener to the list that will be called when the server returns an error.
validate the classname. if the value is a valid classname, throw an illegalpropertyvalueexception
imports base types for a module.
parses the given dom node as a matrix object and creates a new matrix object.
record the end of the file system operation.
creates a new core token service exception with the specified error code.
creates a new dviewkseframechooser dialog.
returns the list of command line arguments for the dynamic vm of the given java project.
normalizes a string builder to its length by applying the leading zero to the length of the
skip the vector starting at the specified index.
remove organization configuration.
removes a group listener.
create a new setchangelogmapping with the specified source, task name and partition number.
extracts the key from the given name.
calculates the spacing in pixels between the current and next events.
transforms a map of string keys and values into a map of key - value pairs.
constructs a new component manager with the general seeds listed in generalseeds.
removes all observers from this object.
unconditional synchronization of data from an mp3 file.
calculates the general key for use in encryption.
creates a new instance of this class.
uncompresses a gzipped byte [ ] to an output byte [ ].
inserts an item into a combo box.
waits for the given coroutine to be executed, and returns the value of the coroutine.
determines if there is a python error in the last line in the output.
convert a number to a string.
splits a string into a map of name / value pairs.
returns an unmodifiable view of the keys in this map.
called when the audio stream is ready to be played and ready to access the audio stream
creates a new instance of propagationimp.
constructs a new runner with the given eclipsec.
generates a string representing the given number of indentions.
this method is used to reduce the calendar object to a reasonable amount of time.
add a prefix and a suffix if the string does not start with the prefix and ends with
returns the point in testpts if it is not in the list of points in testpts
returns str with the given length, padded to the given length, or if str is null
schedules the session to the timer pool.
creates a new cipherparameters instance which can be used to decrypt the contents of an input byte
log some information about the operating system.
called before a value is written to the output stream.
returns the sha256 hash of the given string.
generates a transport zone native guid for the given transport type, device type, fabric id
tests adding a servlet with a name and a jsp file.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this object's value.
log an error with message and throwable.
removes a sip event listener.
constructs an execution system from a uri and an environment map.
check if the given type represents a command. command token, command token, case.
adds a report to the outgoing queue of this client.
returns true if the string starts with the concatenation of the given prefixes.
unit testing that the types returned by getdatatype ( ) will be ordered by descending descending by
handle a mouseclickclicked mouselistener event.
formats a sequence of values in a format suitable for use in a sql statement.
paints the top edge of the content border.
this method reads all the matsim events and writes the results to a file.
execute update statement and return the number of rows affected.
returns the current time in milliseconds since the epoch, or 0 ( zero ) if there is
constructs an entry from a list of ldif lines.
clears the list of parser highlights and repaints the text area.
read a 16bit short value from the input stream.
formats an integer value into the specified buffer.
appends a character to the buffer.
checks if the user has the permission to order.
returns true if this class is an annotation class, false otherwise.
returns true if this basic block has an equivalent exception handler to the other basic block.
calculates the checksum value for this message.
returns true if this state is a long label, false otherwise.
constructs a new secret block with the specified x, yolo position and hit state.
installs a file using the android android intent. if the file doesn't exist or
inserts a new item into the temporary list and inserts it into the insert list.
read the outline file metadata.
decodes the run length value from the input value.
reads an input stream to a byte array.
creates a new no - duplicate - value global parameter constraint with the specified list of parameters.
inflate a single overlay from the overlay configuration string.
calculates a revocation hash using a brute force hash algorithm.
constructs a new instance of this class loader with the given parent class loader as a parent
returns true if the source file for this resource has been modified since the last time it was
performs the specified flip action on the peer if there is one.
this is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation.
returns a map of namespace - name / namespace - name pairs for a given xml element.
draws the hook circle for a given sweep.
converts a bitmap to a byte array.
responds to the continue button.
sends a " flush " command to the adhoc's persistent link.
resets the display cache and clears the cached id.
copies a directory from one place to another.
creates a new journal that omits redundant journal entries.
this method will write the recording data to a file in the directory specified by mrecorddir
loads a list of rewrites from a string.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
called when the connection has been closed by a client.
handle an incoming http request.
create a negative number from an array of bytes.
formats the given double value.
removes a collection of positions from the adapter.
resets the shape bounds to the actual size of the image.
helper method to convert a string to a colour.
returns the rank of the chi - squared distribution.
executes a random modifiable variable modification for the given modifiable variable holder.
saves a file with the given content.
deletes the old temp files in the filecfg.
throws an exception if there is no active connection to the underlying bigdata repository.
converts a byte [ ] to an image of the given width, height, from the
call this method to despawn a visible object.
returns the topic for the specified event.
run the match and return the match result.
creates project constraint files for all the project files in the zip file.
decodes the given base64 encoded string using the default character set of the decoder.
creates a copy of this extent into the given target extent.
returns a class loader for the caller's class if the caller's class loader is
helper method to parse the style string and add it to the pathpaint.
converts a color id to an angle in radians, for example, if the color is
parses the given string as a bounded size and returns the result as a bounded size.
adds an encoded query parameter to the request.
create image link with mouse - over, out, button - pressed, and command button -
constructs a new namespace with the given creator, qualifier, owner, and users.
decrements by one the current value.
update the bubble at a new location and update the bubble coordinates.
removes all elements from the js and java arrays.
fully locks the put and take locks, so that the put and the take locks can be
clears the cache. this will delete all cached files that have been cached in the cache
updates podcast's publication date and last episode media url.
removes our ui defaults from the ui defaults map.
makes this object immutable.
computes a pre - computed knn query for a distance query using the specified distance function.
adjust the positions in a set to be between startposition and endposition ( inclusive ) and
adds the given id to the given stringbuilder.
creates a new available migration with the given version.
description of the method.
draws an image using the given transform.
gets called when a display occurs.
select all items in the selection.
add name / value pair to npp.
returns the number of elements in this set.
like datainputstream. readunsignedint except little endian.
get the list of options for creating a shopping address country for a shopping address.
adds a pause listener to the animation.
makes this object immutable.
adds a new component to the list of components.
opens a url. if the url is to a file, the file will be downloaded and
invalidate a specified line in the font model.
constructs a bytebanded raster with the given samplemodel.
initializes this uri with the information from the specified uri other than the current one.
removes and returns last item.
returns true if the refresh notification is registered, or false if it is not.
reads the output of the process from the process input stream.
fill both the header and footer with the given data model.
add an operand to the list of operands.
calculate the total collected amt based on bill receipt info.
skip count bytes. this method will block until all the count bytes have been read, or
removes all ims from the ims list.
escapes a string for use in ascii output.
copies content from a reader into this content attribute.
clears the dictionary cache for the current surrogate key and its reverse dictionaries.
given an array of objects, returns a string of the form - name - value pairs of
renames a file. if the rename succeeds, the file will be overwritten with a new
executes the given command on the camera.
returns a set of kinds for the given kind flags.
returns the length of the text in this text area.
serialize a map of key / value pairs to a single string that can be used in the
populates the combobox with the activity's current combos and the activity's
returns the appropriate json encoding for the given media type, or null if no encoding can be
convert an image to an equivalent bufferedimage type.
starts the timer and returns the start time.
moves the view iterator to the next view in the list.
returns true if the string is a hh : mm : ss string.
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
caches a method resolved from the given class and method signature.
setbit ( int n ) the leftmost bit in a positive number.
destroy the passivation capable beans in the given view map.
closes the given output stream if it is not null.
returns the node at the given index in the list of nodes.
converts a single character to its visible width in the given font.
create a directory if it doesn't exist.
creates a new instance of gts with the specified base timestamp.
converts a coordinate array to a latlngstring.
extracts weight values from a list of synapses.
flush any buffered rows and close the underlying connection.
returns true if the hash set is contained in the filter.
ensures that the buffer is large enough to contain the specified number of additional bytes.
determines if the supplied phone number is a valid phone number for this region.
trims trailing'/'from the end of the url if present.
get the next entry and the list of entries.
adds alpha to the original color and returns the new color.
stops the server. if the server is running, it will be stopped. if the
copies this operand's local state into the given array of operands.
attempts to read a response from the connection.
adds the specified element to this queue, waiting if the queue is at most half of the
constructs a new instance of this class.
adds the specified part at the specified position in the list of parts at the end of the
inserts the value into this builder.
determines if this player has the specified nature and weapon.
dumps the current state of all members in the storage.
this method should not be called from an fx application thread. it is called from the fx
finds the conversion that can convert the given source value to the given target value.
advance an api to the next time ( if there are no time tree before ).
this method calls proc updateuserroles and updates the values of the instance passed.
sends an option request to the server.
run a comparison test using the properties specified in the testoptions object.
adds the given resource to the list of resources to be deleted.
compute the maximum of two values.
add a new container to the list of containers that will be shown on the screen.
calls the super method and writes the object of the approximation to the specified stream.
adds a method to the chain of methods in the chain.
returns the request associated with this thread.
returns a sha - 256 hash of the given password.
set the scheduled commercial time.
returns a hash code for this instance.
unsubscribes the given topic from the topic queue. if the topic has been unsubscribe
is operating system digital unix?.
disconnects the client and disconnects the connection with the server and kills the keepalive.
returns true if this compound name ends with the given compound name.
calculates the total height of a star based on its size, number of stars, and
returns true if the string argument is a valid regular expression.
returns true if there is a specialized handler for the given intent.
flushes the current output stream and resets the buffer.
attaches the footer ( if any ) to the text content and returns the new string.
creates a new sentence with the same connectivals as the given children.
test the functionality of the getstate ( ) method, which checks if the state of the
this method is called to initialize the map manager.
creates a cumulative sum of all the keys and values in the given histogram.
update the icons for the given package for the given user if the package doesn't exist
parses, validates and normalizes the given string, and returns the normalized version.
adds attribute values to the existing attributes.
test the case where the park times out.
sets the commit index for the segments that will be drawn at the given commit index.
finishes all closing fragments and notifies all fragments that they have finished their execution.
write utf - 8 encoded bytes, up to max_convenient_utf_8_
hex - - - > string, but return empty string if unable to decode hex.
returns all the matching scenarios and examples in the given feature.
rate - to - speed conversion ( kb, kb, sec ).
reads the next element from the reader and returns it as an element of the form of a
returns true if field queuesize is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
returns the string representation of the given coeff.
creates an indexcreatedevent with a bulk data hit, which means that the index already exists
validates a given value against a rule.
finds the uri for a given owner ( id ).
returns a random number between [ start, end ).
offer an event to the response queue, if it matches, or does nothing if the event
generates a random iv parameter spec.
returns true if this character is a letter, digit, an http - style separator.
draws the lines and points on the graph.
generates an element type.
generates a log tag for the given class.
writes a string followed by a newline.
returns a uri with the scheme, specific part, and fragment.
paints the outline. this method is called by the ui thread. this method is
writes this game's data to a byte array.
adds an importable element to the list of imports to be imported.
draws the arrowhead at the ( x, y ) and sgn ( s )
called when the class loader is loaded from a dynamic class loader.
unmarshal parameters of a method using the given checker.
load the data from the data service.
creates a fully qualified resource name from a fully - qualified resource name and a locale.
converts an object [ ] to a string using the specified displayable renderer.
paints the icon in the specified position and size with the specified graphics object.
synchronizes the query and returns the number of rows modified.
reset the runtime and the read properties to its default value.
converts an image to a bufferedimage.
asserts that the operation was cancelled.
removes the specified edge from the list of out edges.
returns true if the named event can be generated by this listener.
called by producer thread when a message arrives.
sets the until date for this builder.
checks if the x - coordinate of the touch - point is within the thumb's range
this method cleans up all files in the given file system.
returns true if this column can be collided with the current column definition.
updates the progress of the timer with the specified duration, in the specified unit.
submits a task for execution by the given queue name.
creates a new thread pool that creates thread disposal threads.
dumps the audio stream to the specified writer.
adds a buffered field to this field.
creates an incomplete room for the freespace at p_shape and p_layer.
compute the desired ellipsoid magnitude.
trim the string of leading and trailing whitespace.
validate the vnx smis parameters.
calculate the next trace corner, and expand the layer if necessary.
convenience method to convert an object into a bytebuffer.
writes the bytes to the channel.
returns a new sensor or creates a new one if there is no such sensor.
returns the maximum of the two distances arrays.
fills a polygon defined by p_points with the given p_color.
writes all tags from this exifinterface object into the given jpeg stream, removing prior exif tags
decode a base - 256 segment.
go to the day of the current month.
converts an ip address to an ipv4 byte array.
returns true if the template passed in is a valid template, false otherwise.
take the next object in the queue, if there is one or more objects in the queue
the cumulative density function of the normal distribution.
destroys the connection and removes it from the port and the underlying sockets.
emit an atom node from the current parsing position.
create a unaryoperator from a collection of command line udits.
returns true if the network is connected, false if not connected.
called when a tab of the specified id has been closed.
adds a configuration to the collection.
sends a close packet to the client and signals that the connection will be forced by the
removes all collapsed edges from the list and adds the new edges.
perform a timing based on a given fraction of time since the start point and the end point
constructs a new seaglasstitlepane.
returns a string representation of this list.
writes a long ( 64 bit ) to the target stream.
given a set of directories and a set of names, returns a list of all names that
returns a charset instance with the given charset name, or null if no matching charset is found
constructs a number with the integer value of the given integer.
dumps the stack trace elements into a log file.
executes a sql query and sends the rows to the listener.
creates a name for the given method signature.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end -
map a library name to a native library name.
returns the next matcher that will be used to parse the input, discarding any patterns that
processes the queue of fragments.
adds a private field to the declaration of a type.
reconstructs private ranges from the read - only access files.
attempts to match the given sequence against the current position and advances the matcher to the next
initializes the egl core and egl window surface.
clears the scrap heap.
contributes the token request parameters to the request body.
reads characters into a portion of an array.
add a lenient line of text to the output.
merges the children of the given node with the children of the master node.
negate ( ) for a negative bigdecimal.
creates a new instance of the given item type and binds it with the given parameter binding.
creates a simple setup panel with the given experiment.
adds a listener that will be notified every time a change occurs.
processes the command line arguments.
is zoning required. if auto san zoning is enabled, the system is
initializes the xml parser. <! - - begin - user - doc - - >
returns true if the name value exists in the namevaluemap.
returns true if this string starts with the given character sequence prefix.
returns true if the window of the given class exists in the list of windows.
reports a bound property change for the specified property name, with the given old and new values
starts fading to the specified layer.
computes the hash code of a repeated boolean field.
construct a new abstractsurfaceobject with the given source.
parses a sootmethod and returns a sootmethodandclass from a string.
register all voice with the mary and track the time that the voice has been registered.
find the start of the specified column.
returns a color instance from a string representation of a color, or returns a default color if
return a list of marymodules that are required for processing for the given source type and
returns the distance between this vector and another.
calculates the elapsed gcbeans time.
this method should only be called from the event dispatching thread.
adds the given entries to the source list but only if they are not already contained in the
starts a new object. this method must be called only if the object has already been created
send all messages to the given topic and return a map of key / value pairs.
creates a string of the given count character.
adds a new connection view to the platform and waits for the connection to be established.
trims whitespace from the beginning and end of a string.
adds the given listener to the list of listeners that will be called when the script is finished
invoked when the consumer has finished with the purchase.
test of get ( byte [ ] ) and put ( byte [ ] ) method.
concatenates all the arrays in one array into the same array.
ensures that the array can hold at least the given number of elements, increasing its capacity
adds a new category and a min / max value to the list.
adds a new session number to the end of the test elements.
calculates the rotation angle between the given center point and the given target point.
counts the number of characters in the sequence that match this matcher.
constructs a crl number extension from the given integer value.
debug log message with verbose level.
calculates the log probability of appearance, given a normal distribution and a normal distribution.
sets the tolerance of the pid to the given value.
called when a drag drop has finished processing the drag image.
writes the given log object to the log file.
insert the given entry into the dynamic table at the specified index.
extract the access key from an s3 uri.
sends a dial command to the user and asks the user to pick a contact.
add a class to the list of safe classes.
returns true if there is enough room in the active list.
returns true if this engine is running, or false if it is not running.
parses the given resource as a set of steps, returning a map of step names to
returns a string representation of this bet.
test that the journal is non - empty and that there is only one entry in the root
check the rows to see if they contain a valid ethernet address.
quick power quick version of pow ( value, power ).
converts a class name to an entry path from the root of the classpath.
write a string to the pos file.
finds annotations declared in the given package.
pops the element from the previous paste from the previous paste into the current one.
marks the cursor as being updated.
returns true if the mouse event specifies a middle mouse button ; false otherwise.
adds a success message to the list of success messages.
set the state of the start stopped checkbox if the value of the start stopped checkbox is changed
close the input stream and release any resources associated with the stream.
returns the sequence number of the next log segment that has been assigned to the given segment list
asserts that a specific language string is set.
returns the block_exploded_time value for a block that has been reached.
returns true if there are any threads that are waiting for access to the reader.
returns the number of milliseconds that have passed since the last time it was called.
condition : value is strictly true. if not, error ( string value ) is printed.
adds a definition for the given cos attribute.
constructs a quality object from a w3c dom element.
converts a jaxb output class to a qname.
generates a jwt using the secret, id, ttl, jwtid, and claims
exposes the given symbols as an array of exported symbols.
returns true iff m is marked as fulfilling, false otherwise.
add a data source listener.
finds an effective annotation in a qualifier hierarchy. < p / > < p / >
set to failed. if the container is being destroyed, its state will be set to
reads n bytes from the given input stream and writes them to the given buffer, starting at
calculates the result of the kernel evaluation on the two supplied vectors.
this method is called when a finish event is triggered.
cancel included only if showall is enabled = = true.
kill all dead entries.
displays an error dialog with the given title and message.
checks the index file header suffix and throws an exception if they don't match the given
description of the method.
parses a disk string and returns the value of the first token in the string.
returns true if the given object is likely to be included in the trusted set.
creates a new persistent search request control with the specified criticality and changes - only option.
connects the source neurons to the target neurons in the same order.
multiply a character by a character.
normalize a charsequence by removing all illegal characters from the end of the sequence.
adds a listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when a zone value is changed
write a byte of data to the buffer.
constructs a new start listener for the given resource.
gets a flat list of the values in this column.
resets the schedulers hook to null.
creates a hash key for the given key and returns it as a hex string.
record the timestamp in the diff and store it in the diffs array.
tears down the test case.
parses a string into this textparser.
default value for max_radius, returns a square root of num_elimination_
copies the contents of this builder's character array into a new character array.
return the number of pending worker threads in the queue.
inserts the specified component at the specified index in this list.
replaces escaped characters with the specified character in source with the specified escape character.
sends a request to the httpfs server and appends the contents of the stream to the
constructs a new map with the same mappings as the given map and handler function.
add a rule to the current stylesheet.
appends the given byte array as a sequence of bytes to be read from the file.
returns whether the parse result contains the latest dss keystore.
initializes the resource bundle if necessary.
constructs a new layergraphicwaresupport object.
returns true if this package name matches the java naming convention.
rememberfactory adds a new factory to the success table and removes old entries.
returns the next character from the input stream.
removes first entry.
constructs new task cancellation exception given throwable as a cause and source of error message.
normalize an array of characters to a range [ srcstart, srclimit, deststart,
removes the given elements from the names and shared elements map.
removes the given network update action from the list of actions to be performed.
calculates the distance to the end of the buffer for a given number of quads.
get the next sequence and comments from the file and advance to the next line in the file
adds the given character as an element to this jsonarray.
returns true if the ifd id is a valid ifd id, and false otherwise.
removes the given group from the list of children.
check if a storage port exists in db.
appends a split to the end of the list of splits for this fragment.
constructs a new osmelementprocessor.
flush all pending bits and close the underlying output stream.
return the direct connection associated with this client.
appends the national number to prefixbeforenationalnumber.
cuts the selected objects and copies the original objects to the new one and deletes the selected
stops the blinking service.
releases the index. if the index has been acquired, it will no longer be used.
this method is used to configure the command line options. this method is used by the command
write the given transform object to the output stream.
signum ( ) of a positive bigdecimal.
creates a new chain with the given painter as the first element of the chain, and the
parses an operator, returns either " = ", " = ", " = "
simulate a drag to a target ui selector.
queue up syncs for contacts.
removes the series at the specified index.
add a horizontal or vertical glue box to the axis.
writes the given result object to a file.
constructs a new instance of jmxmxbean.
this method will be used to write the blocklet info to file.
renders the tree as a flat tree.
replaces all occurrences of a regular expression with a string.
returns true if the character at the specified position of the stringa is equal to the character
adjusts the length of the backing file to the exact size of the given buffer.
creates a list of collections of net pins ordered by the number of pins before and after the
create a javascript method invocation expression.
perform a double click action.
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization.
execute drop table statements on the given tables in the database.
creates a new disk segment.
checks if a person already exists with the given email address.
utility method to find the maximum of two values, ignoring elements that are nan.
locks down the directory block for modification, and adds a lock on the index blks list
removes a reference to an http connection from the source.
determines if the queue contains at least one letter or digit.
instantiates a new vacuum environment.
generate the class files for the given class definition and store the generated classes into the given directory
add view id to the list of views which should be long - clicked when the view is
removes the specified point from the list of respawn points.
creates a photo from a file.
converts a byte array into a long value.
this method is used to handle the unicode escape sequence for a unicode character.
notifies the delegate that the mouse is moving.
removes formatting from the given line.
xor for a negative number and a positive number ; the first is shorter.
prints the charging times to the output.
returns true if the stack is empty, or false if it contains no rdns.
write out a csv file for the most recent sensor data.
creates the organization configuration.
deletes the authentication domain with the given name under the given realm.
adds a source code remark on the given element and evidence element.
check if the action is a backspace or insert, and if it's a delete
saves the document to the database as the result of the call back.
indicates if the stream is supported by the current mark operation.
returns the name of the parent relation.
create a new instance of bytecolumn.
converts a sql select statement to a relnode.
executes a javascript function with the given name in the given context, and returns the value
instantiates a new htm document builder.
formats a sample rate value as a mhz string.
returns true if the cache has been closed, or false if the cache has been closed.
starts a daemon thread to keep track of this object.
constructs a type simplifier for a given set of types and a given base type.
creates a new byte array that escapes characters that should be replaced with their escaped form.
returns the name of this native library, such as " android " or " android ".
converts a dom document to a string.
returns a client that can be used to access all members of the cluster.
casts a string to a boolean value.
returns true if there are more work on the queue.
sets the seed of this cipher cipher using the specified seed bytes.
writes the generated class to the given output stream.
use the compact font format ( cff ) flag to indicate whether or not to encode the
main entry point for the class file generator.
mosesize a single moses feature if the feature is a moses
calculates the height of a text based on a demo text.
throws an exception if this thread is currently being shutdown.
checks the queue for any threads that are blocked by the dependencies and executes all tasks that are
callstaticshortmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a short value.
support for reporting indexed property changes for boolean properties.
removes all active loco icons from the map and destroys the corresponding loco icons
captures a string token and returns it.
converts a long value to a string.
tests decoding of a client handshake packet.
runs the test case.
checks that the given value is a valid frame value.
create a template object for the given string.
return whether or not the custom component should take focus.
initialize the certificate using the given private key.
selects zones for initiators and ports.
checks if the extension of the filename is equal to one of the supplied extensions.
writes a jar resource set to an xml element.
closes the file. this method can be called multiple times to avoid memory leaks.
creates a new typed event listener with the given event class as the event class.
get a list of all child nodes of the given node.
creates a new corleonecontext with the given job context.
returns the sum of x - log - x - values of all the counts in the array
adds a method to the class.
add the replication factor request header to the given operation.
show the initial splash window.
decodes the line suffix from the input stream and writes the result to the output stream.
add a server transaction to this stack.
computes the spacing between the start of the event and the end of the event.
returns true if this polygon contains the given method.
creates a new instance of jkdelegativename.
select instance of attribute set.
if the save file has not been created yet, create the file and write the track point
tests the canonicalizing of the journal and verify that the cache does not contain the same data
prints an object to standard output and flushes standard output.
stop the thread and run the given runnable when the thread is no longer in progress.
reads data from the input stream and places the result into the buffer.
generates a graph file for the given trans.
close an output stream.
add a propertychangelistener to the beancontext.
returns true if the token has expired, or false if it has not expired.
loads the user info into the action bar.
returns the direction for the arrow key ( left or right ).
creates a new trace graph with the specified spans.
returns whether or not this store is currently persistent, or not.
convert a date string to a date object.
schedules a new mesos task for the given task id if there are no attempts left
finds a configuration file in the current working directory.
attempts to add a word to the word list, and returns true if successful.
this method is called when a preference of the adapter has been clicked on the screen.
read the www - authenticate header and set the properties of the digest object to the appropriate values
converts the given boolean value to its string representation if it is not null.
sends a batch of messages and validates that the messages have been received.
adds + live to the query.
gets the contents of a uri as a string using the specified encoding.
returns true if the key exists, false if it does not.
create a new allocation site with the specified line and column.
draws an image from an imagetransform object created from an affine transformation object and an image
parses a digit from an array of digit characters and returns an integer representing the value.
creates new instance of activitymonitorsample.
returns an array of locations with an angle in the range [ 0, 360, 0 )
initialize a checkbox preference checkbox.
paint the check mark's enabled and selected state.
returns the index of the first non - whitespace character of the given uri, or - 1
write the command string to a temporary file and flush the file.
reloads media scanning.
creates a new dnsrecord with the given name, type, ttl, unique = =
concatenates the provided rows into a single line.
adds a content specification node to the current element.
grow the hash table's spine to a large enough to store all the objects
reconnects to the next available port if it is open and the allow_connection_recovery
returns all the records in this index as a collection of gridportrecords.
returns the contents of the buffer as a string.
returns true if the variable has a change event meta - data with the given name.
reset all the xmlelementobjects in the list of xmlelementobjects that are contained in this
calculates the distance between this circle and another circle.
constructs a simple command with one or more arguments.
makes sure there is enough space in the vector to hold all the elements.
convert a table name to lower case.
create a new pickinggraphmouseplugin with the specified selection modifiers.
perform a breadth - first search using breadth - first search.
constructs a view reference.
checks that the given argument number is a power of 2. < br >.
sends a multicast announcements packet to the server.
creates a new instance of the drawingattributes class.
closes the current scanner and releases any system resources associated with it.
create a policy tree.
this rollback method is used to rollback the creation of a block snapshot.
converts a string denoting an hour / mins / seconds suffix to an int value.
detaches the activity from the attr - view - map.
reads the settings from the preferences file, and sets the button accordingly.
add a download object to the active download list if there is room.
adds the expression to the tla code.
returns true if the given hunk is a camel - case word.
tells the type of all the characters in the given string.
returns true if this class provides an identifier, or false if it does not provide an identifier
remove redundant affixes from a list of strings.
get a random number between 0 ( inclusive ) and n ( exclusive ).
resumes all updates, resets the header and run the updates again.
store the last used time in a map.
determines if the given child element can contain the given top element at the given top
extracts an array of arcs from an object id string. arcs are separated by a comma
tests isduplicate ( ) method. returns true if there are duplicate ids in the list.
updates the statistics for the conditional density estimator.
returns true if this file should be included in the filter set.
add two positive numbers of the same length.
starts a new poll for the given connection.
increments the number of access to this class by one.
compares two doubles to see if they are within a certain tolerance.
converts a bitmap to a byte array.
creates new form configurecoerceiveparsing_nb.
return the logarithm of the base of the given number.
evaluates the uf1 problem.
constructs a new file saverdescriptor.
reads a block of data.
adds a run to the run list.
copies this converter's contents into the specified array of converters.
add an output sensor with the given name with the given state.
sets up the socket and resets the read buffer and flushes the internal buffer.
resets the playback state to its initial state and resets all players to their initial state.
if a value is present, invoke the specified consumer with the value, otherwise do nothing
send an x10 sequence to change the brightness of a given intensity.
reads the next token from standard input, parses it as a float, and returns the float
constructs a new glow scheduler.
java. util. arrays # fill ( int [ ], int, int )
calculates the actual width of the layout, based on widthsize and the layout mode.
closes and deletes all files in the directory.
checks if the given element is a variable, and adds it to myresultlist if so
description of the method.
converts an iso8601 duration string into a human readable string representation.
sends a text message to the user's group chat service.
returns the string representation of this object.
removes the given thread from the list of running threads.
creates a new docknodeeventhandler for the given node.
read the maximum number of source characters to log, based on the settings.
delete current license file on disk.
returns the network parameters of the current testnet instance.
this is a blocking method that will block until the request queue is empty or the input stream
reads the event from the input stream, and also reads the time stamp from the stream.
updates the bounds for the fast scroller.
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog.
creates a new directory with the given name in the given parent path and then deletes the directory
is operating system windows 8?.
finds all the functions that are used in the given units.
adds a range of values to the list.
returns a list of no - proxy proxies.
adds an array of definitions to the list of include statements.
adds the specified value to the specified group.
tally variant ( rec, header, record, sample names ) of a given vcf.
reads bytes into the buffer, advancing the current position, and moving the position forward
constructs a new ldif writer which will write lines of ldif to the writer.
update the preson info with the current person.
removes the map at the specified position from the list.
answer if the user wants to accept or reject all the required licenses, or if the user
adds a geo key to the index.
detect a geo time serie that contains a sequence of strings in the provided set of patterns.
appends a debug dump of the candidates to a given error message.
flatten a boolean [ ] into an xmlserializer.
adds a new outbound rule to the outbound rules list.
constructs a skype instance with the given username and password.
called when the user presses the touch button.
adds the given flags to the current layout flags.
returns the alias of the certificate entry in the keystore that matches the given certificate.
purges the last articles in the database.
move all the views in the scrap heap to the given list.
creates a new proxyverifier object.
paints the image. this method is called when the image is drawn, or when
ensures that the key is not written to the output stream if it is an empty object
copies the contents of the inputstream to the outputstream, using the specified buffer size
test verifies that the file directory specified in the properties is correctly read from the file system.
add two numbers and verify that the result is valid.
serialize a compact rdf node, including all qualifiers.
creates a checkbox with the given text and adds it to the given container.
pushes the current state on the stack.
drop an index for a table.
returns the last element in the stack, or null if there are none left.
adds the given processor to the processor pool and returns the index of the newly added processor.
adds the given data to the script at the given index.
initializes the delimiter, case sensitive, wildcard and one level wildcard.
deletes the least used connection from the pool.
convert less than one thousand.
determines whether the uri represents an embedded base 64 image.
changes the current state to the given new state, and sends a state change notification if the
parses the link label, returns the length or 0 if no match was found.
reads the contents of a file and return it as a string.
invoked when an exception occurs during processing of the wro runtime.
checks if the user has access to the application.
closes the save and saves the file and closes the underlying stream ( if open ).
selects a random operator from the operator distribution.
returns a list of strings that can be represented as a chunk of the given string.
this method is used to convert boolean [ ] to string.
decodes a base 64 encoded byte buffer to a byte buffer.
removes all buttons from the list and sets the buttons to null.
returns a brighter version of the given color.
shuts down the network service.
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send.
indicate that the chunk has been transfered, or if it has been marked as done
writes the golomb code for an integer value.
adds a force to the forcelist.
converts a number value to a metricvalue.
returns true if the sequence overlaps with the given range.
constructs a bayesian product number with a given k1 and b.
prepare - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
returns true if the server is configured, or false if it is not configured.
converts a comma delimited list of strings into an array of strings.
reads a byte array from the file.
fatalerror : print a fatal error message and then exit with a non - zero status.
creates a backup of the specified file in the specified directory.
pushes a pair onto the top of this vector.
removes the storage directory.
appends the container label and the slave template id to the existing container config.
creates a new instance of gamesettings.
removes a set of users from this group.
returns true if the filename matches at least one of the wildcard strings.
removes a region from the list of regions.
close an input stream without throwing an exception.
notification that the start of an element has been reached.
shut down the selector, waiting the specified amount of time or until all sockets that have
constructs a new instance of storage using the default temporary storage directory.
calculates the item width and sets it on the renderer.
start the previewing of the camera.
adds a breakpoint listener.
updates the display area of the window.
tries to release all waiters of a given phase.
returns a dateformat object for the supplied date / time format string and time zone.
prints the stack trace of the calling exception to the standard output.
scans the type parameters of a type element and calls the super class's visit method
constructs a new block with the default length of 0, 0, 0, 0,
returns the value of the poisson function at x.
finds the expression that corresponds to the given source string.
put the channel into the channel queue, and wait for it to be re - used.
deletes all files in the given directory.
reads the input stream and writes the output stream to the destination file.
releases the detector. if it's terminated, the detector will no longer be used.
trims all occurrences of the specified character from the string.
retrieves an element from this queue, waiting if necessary until an element is available or an
thread - safe timeout action0 will be executed if the thread is the duty thread.
submits the given task to be run in the worker thread.
parses an attribute expression and adds it to the list of attribute selection expressions.
sets the left - over field to be the first byte of the data.
return a sample of the action values.
called when the channel has been closed.
configures the headless simulation.
returns true if this id is the " next " window id, or " null " if
returns true if the given class is available in the given class loader, false otherwise.
removes the data for the given event from zookeeper and returns the removed data.
creates a new xml service object.
returns true if the argument is a valid name for this attribute.
add all items in the array to the list.
removes the given supercardtoast from the list.
parses the vmstat header and data and verifies that the header and data can be parsed
generates a key from a password and a salt.
escapes an assertion value so that it can be used as part of an assertion assertion.
removes the view at the given index from the given view group and returns true if the
returns true if the given prefix is already declared in the current context.
add an agent to the simulation and step through to the next environment.
calculates the physical status of the given creature.
creates a new instance of the tvertexprocessor class.
attempts to release the semaphore. if the semaphore is no longer in busy, the semaphore is
validates that the slice is available for the given shard and that the given count is less
return this as a classdeclaration or throw an unsupportedoperationexception.
convert a partition specification to a name.
converts a charsequence to an inputstream, using the specified encoding.
create a regular expression to test against the " hit_end " rule.
this method is used to delete a cheque from the database.
returns the partial correlation between the inverse submatrix and the square root of the submatrix.
adds a column to the table with the given name and expression.
increases time that a put task will fire for the specified duration, then decrements
check if a saturation value is valid.
parses the given cell string and returns the value associated with the given layout constant.
fire a pseudo - property change to all listeners.
runs the given command in a separate process.
returns a selectable socket channel that can be used for communication with the server.
java. math. date # equals ( java. util. date ) java. util.
constructs an xml array from a byte [ ] tag.
adds the filters to the specified chooser.
retries regenumvalue ( ) max_attempts times before giving up.
parse rfc822 date and time from a string.
validate a shapes model against a set of constraints defined in the dataset.
add an annotation to the page.
finds the preferred provider id id from succinct id ( preferred succinct id ).
creates a directory if it doesn't exist yet.
assert the specified values have been received with the specified expectations.
check if a new operation needs to be re - compacted, or if a new operation
prints a float followed by a newline.
extracts the instructions to translate a single register into a reil register.
description of the method.
builds the interceptor array for the given method.
remove all phi instructions from the instruction list.
counts the number of occurrences of the specified token in the target string.
returns a map of testcase to the set of covered goals for the tests in the
builds the interceptor array for the given route.
check gml footprint validity.
main entry point for the launcher.
gamma distribution quantile ( p, k, theta ).
creates a cipherparameter from a pbe key and algorithm specification.
initializes the orion editor with the given configuration.
writes a byte at the specified offset from this native object's base address.
adds a validation error to the list of errors that occur during validation.
parse an option setting and store it in the destination map.
generates client credentials using the salt, salt, identity, identity and password.
create the dictionary and save it to the file.
parse the json and start the guided tour.
run the test to verify that the random number generator can be used.
adds a listener that will be notified of changes in the object.
clamp a magnitude value to the range [ absmin, absmax ).
this method is called when the user clicks on a button on a chart.
adjusts the bytecode index to the prologue length before the next instruction in the barrier
returns a string representation of this risul object.
interposes a copy of the given vector and returns a copy of the new vector.
creates a temporary directory with a unique name prefix.
synchronize all authentication data for the currently logged in user to the current user.
creates an xml element in the encryption namespace.
move all views remaining in mactiveviews to the end of mscrapviews.
draws a wind line at the specified offset ( x, y ).
returns true if the given settings contains a proxy host.
returns true if this double is equal to its default value.
parse key - value pairs to map. key - value pairs are separated by a default
called when the size of the view has changed.
check if there is a new buffer. if there is no current buffer, create a new
creates a new website address from the given origin or host or host or pattern.
java. io. file # write ( java. io. stream, java. io.
resets the pending tele missile attacks list.
add padding to an array of bytes.
adds a sequence of commands to a pdf page.
returns a string representation of the table.
appends the given statements to the end of this sequence.
notify all listeners that the activity state has been changed.
computes the elasticity for a specific spot in the progress of this track.
converts http entity content to byte array.
returns the first foo in the ordered set where uuid = & # 63 ;.
rounds a decimal to the nearest nearest integer precision.
constructs a new instance of this class.
is operating system windows me?.
converts a date to a string.
calculates the size of the given component based on the given form spec, minimum and preferred
returns true if the given ast nodes have the same element type.
appends the current data to the given string builder.
converts a long value to a string.
resets the cursor to the beginning of the next token.
reads a single byte from an inputstream.
writes the given data to the given file without writing a bom, using the default encoding of
returns true if idp is a idp proxy, and false if it is a idp proxy.
compiles a prolog into a temporary java source file and stores the result in a temporary
removes all listeners from this spring.
creates a new selectioninputdialog whose combobox can be editable.
build the dictionary and store it in the file system.
converts a fully - qualified class name to a fully - qualified resource path.
constructs a new uri from the scheme, scheme - specific - part, and fragment -
adds the given solution to the population and returns its id.
returns the contents of this byte array as a newly allocated byte array.
creates a disk on the specified project.
determines whether or not the given domain name is associated with the given host name.
disables the specified attribute.
generates the instruction to push the given handle onto the stack.
returns the encoded post body of the request, with the given parameters and the given boundary.
look up a key in the standard keys or return null if key is not found.
write the index to output.
gets the toggle node property.
decodes octets from the byte buffer, and appends them to the string builder.
constructs a vector by appending one vector to another vector.
reverses the animators in the animation queue in reverse.
start listening for contacts changes.
support for reporting constrained property values for integer properties.
correctness test of the lm file.
called when a list of sinks has been received from the native media router.
converts a dto to a user entity.
generates the ddl code for dropping a foreign key from an external table.
attempts to acquire the file lock. if the lock cannot be acquired within the given timeout,
point to data. just call point_to_data ( o ). fill the header
returns a list of files affected by this operation.
updates the position of the given particle based on the elapsed time and the speed of the particle
updates the display and labels depending on the scale.
returns true if the target position is within the specified bounds.
asserts that the indices of statements in the triple store are consistent.
show the item with the given id.
put an integer value into an option.
helper method to determine the target page to move the card to.
provides a string representation of the element at the specified index in the specified matrix.
copies the points of the given source vector into this vector3d.
converts a glob pattern to a glob pattern with the given separator as a regular expression.
force a no loss if the given value is set to true.
splits the given string into an array of strings, without escaping the given separator character.
test of splitpropertiesonsemicolons ( ) method, of class propertyutils
removes the object at the given offset from the sourcearray and destinationarray.
creates a new dictionaryadapter.
returns true if the given tab id is associated with a non - destroyed activity.
creates a new instance of the httpstream wrapper.
add a file to the list of files to be processed.
determines if the character at n is a digit coming from the string.
constructs a new hull consisting of the first and second points.
reads a short ( 16 bit ) from the source stream.
prints the string representation of an int to the target.
creates a proximity node.
checks if a zoning is required for a given varray.
sends a reply to this spdy stream.
constructs a new message with the given name, delay, and frames.
navigate to dump.
adds a new set of messages to the end of the messages list.
creates a random cache entry with the given data.
swaps the display and surface buffers of the egl context.
constructs a list of window of size windowsize.
builds the path from the given json path.
add element to array at specified index.
returns the double value of the double attribute value.
returns a matlab string representation of this matrix.
constructs a new fileinputreader for the given file.
creates an object output stream for this file.
returns a set containing all of the keys in this map.
add a certificate to the certificate validity list.
adds a policy listener to the policy cache.
verify the code stored in the cache for the given sid and code. returns result. bad
creates a new scripting engine for the given file.
finds the module with the given id in the list of raw modules.
extracts an object from a list of instances of a given type.
obtains a date in the japanese calendar system from the proleptic - year
recovers an entry from the keystore using the given alias and key store and private key.
create a new url loader for the given base url.
min ( ) for unequal bigdecimals.
creates a new instance of wiser.
concatenates the given array to the given array. if the array is null or empty
initiate a truck camera with a given size and rotation.
shuts down the executor service.
removes all locales from the builder and returns this builder.
returns a new string which is a deflate of the current string with the given previous string
split a list of pairs into a number of indices.
sends a log message with log level e.
add a propertychangelistener to the listener list.
remove all files and subdirectories and files in the given directory.
finds the minimum cache version of all entries, or null if none.
construct a dimensioned scalar from a field value string.
process an array of characters.
computes the standard deviation of the kernel for the given instance.
override this method in order to initialize the provider.
inserts the specified element at the specified position in this list.
creates a new multiplexmanager that uses the provided datastores as the underlying datastores.
returns true if the name of the given item matches the name pattern of this element.
returns the given value if it is not null, or the given default value if it is
compare key - value to last received key - value.
paints the car at the same location as the track.
returns a java. sql. time object representing the given java. util. time string.
choose a server alias based on a key type and a list of issuers.
gamma distribution function pdf ( x, shape, scale, factor ).
process charge value. - set value of tax field. - set value of tax field.
parses the template and returns an array of actor objects.
brokera - > brokerb & & brokerc - > brokerc.
flush the mib header and write the mib header to the output stream.
discards the current thread.
converts a leaf to an asi token.
write the values to the buffer and return the packet buffer.
register a file type with this file registry.
parses an integer value from a locale formatted integer string.
parses an xml string and returns a requestsecuritytokenresponse object.
requests a resource to be created in a container.
filter items according to their level.
finds the index of the smallest value that matches the specified key in the sorted array.
adds the given symbol to the list of known symbols.
returns a copy of the string, escaping characters that can be converted to the corresponding escape sequence
returns the number of elements in the list.
convert a base64 encoded string into a long.
returns the highest ( n ) values in the time series.
computes the sum of the outlink authority score for the given page.
closes any open graphics and printers to be drawn and closes the graphics to be drawn
browse a file on hdfs and return a list of the files that have been found.
appends a character sequence to the text buffer.
constructs a new wizard initial object creation page.
unwraps and processes incoming data.
returns true if the specified attribute is specified by the document, false otherwise.
checks if the current user has permission'joda - time.
stores the password to the shared state store.
removes the specified child node from the list of children.
float value of a positive bigdecimal.
wait for termination of the process and return the exit value and stdout and stderr.
refreshes the list of inherited methods that this expando is inherited from.
called when the operation has failed.
change the annotation document state for a given source document.
removes the given edge from the list of edges and neighbours associated with this edge.
perform a long key press.
returns true if there is at least one descendant of this node that matches the given pattern.
write a buffer to a file.
generate the data files.
returns true if the object is a cglib proxy.
calculates the number of lines that the image should be rotated and the number of lines that
tests fix for bug # 10630, statement. getwarnings ( ) returns incorrect warnings
checks repeated boolean field equality ; null - value and 0 - length fields are considered equal.
moves the given annotation to the front of the list.
add a frame to the animation queue.
prints a unicode code point as a string.
check if the minidump file has been uploaded. if it is, delete the file
closes the outbound session and frees any resources associated with the ssl engine.
returns a thumbnail of the given width and height, or null if no thumbnail can be found
writes out the package. properties file.
returns a copy of the events contained in this eventbean as an array of eventbeans
decode the x. 509 asn.
process an attribute string of type t_nsprefix_list into a stringvector containing the
returns a copy of this instance.
utility method to dump a long value into a string.
returns true if the character is a special character ( tab, enter, tab ).
returns true if the two objects are null, or the other one is null.
returns true if the given mime - type is a known mime - type.
return notifications in the given range [ startid, inclusive ). < p / >.
write out the data for the given object if it is relevant, otherwise do nothing.
write the given byte to the given byte buffer as a byte in the correct byte order.
returns true if this priority queue is empty.
constructs a viterbipoint with the given item.
paints the bottom edge of the content border.
emits a list adder for a parameterized field.
parses an ascii armored pem string into a key object.
construct a parallel publisher from a source publisher with a specified number of parallelism.
get the next run of the recurrence, starting from the specified time, and moving towards the
adds the given variable to the queue.
canonicalizes a simple url ( if it's not already canonicalizeable ).
reads the contents of a file in the process's proc_dir.
calculates the animation duration based on the initial velocity and displacement.
compute the norm of a vector.
measures height according to the passed measure spec.
appends the byte data to the buffer at the given index.
calculates the mean value of a vector.
create a sprite with the given parameters.
closes the underlying output stream and releases any system resources associated with the output stream.
creates a sync token based on the given date and uuid.
returns true if both objects are equal, or if they are null.
initializes the flag field updater with the given flagz directory.
close inputstream without a exception.
test the extremity monitor with a random number generator.
replaces all occurrences of a character in a string with another string.
this method is used to create a new form of the collection data entry table.
canonicalizes the type declaration.
open an intent to view a specific uri.
this method waits for all active and live replicas in zookeeper.
inserts the specified element at the end of the array.
returns true if the property rp_copy_name is not null and is not null.
splits a path into a list of parent directories.
checks if a taxa is compatible with a list of available taxa.
draws the text of a label.
returns true if this object contains at least one map object object that is represented by this object
performs all of the actions in this exception, in the order in which they should be
provides a collection of objects that represent the thread's top - level dump of the
adds a translation for the override field to override the name of the named column in the embeddable
returns the minimum amount of space the layout can use for the given target container.
checks if the given resource has changed in the given group and updates the given ischanged flag
creates a telurl object from a string uri.
constructs a new instance of svm for the given example set and the given support vectors
restart the engine with the new one and restart the engine at the same time as the last
creates a new instance of sorter.
returns a string representation of this character.
gamma distribution pdf ( with 0. 0 for x & lt ; 0 ).
generates a format for the given codec name.
description of the method.
returns the maximum element of this stream according to the provided key extractor function.
finds the block containing at least the specified commit counter.
starts the animation and clear the pending animations.
print the stack trace of the exception and return the stacktrace as a string.
splits a variable name into its component parts, if there is one.
called by the child thread to indicate that the activity has been resumed.
register the transport management bean for the specified container.
update the table with the where clause and args. if the table has a mapping,
cancels the timer that fires when the video's fading edges is in progress.
removes the listener from the list of listeners that will be notified about timeout events.
reads properties from a file and adds them to the genericpropertiescreator's globalinputproperties
adds a lock object for the given absolute table identifier to the table lock map.
returns a random element from a list.
updates the mapping with the given key to an immutable set of annotations of the given map.
join the specified asynchronous invocation thread with the specified timeout, waiting for the execution to complete.
defines a new local variable in the given field, slot, from, to.
returns a connection object open to the database and sets the autocommit flag to true.
report an error.
invoked when a mouse button has been pressed on the text component.
decode a base64 encoded string using the specified decoding flags.
evaluate the given function on the given line, column, and call the closure with the given
returns a set of all the keys contained in this map.
writes the content of the given list to the given writer.
compute the modular product of a polynomial with a monomial f.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
appends a java script representation of the given character to the given string buffer.
prints the current bootstrap map.
returns a vector of options corresponding to the given enumeration of options.
add a new token to the tokens array.
filter a large list of value sets. < br > < br > < br >.
adds the agent id and platform ident as a tag to the builder.
loads the bundle build number from the meta - data.
build a random left regular bipartite graph segment.
adds the focusable items to the given list of views, but only if the current item
this method configures the request object to be sent to the urlserver.
converts an integer to a human - readable title string.
unescapes the character at the current position in the stream, and returns it.
process the given input and output with the given packing file name.
create a new instance of this replicator runtime configuration class.
converts a double to a string formatted in the local number format.
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
converts a list of longs to an array of longs.
updates the enabled state of the menu items.
test de busqueda getremovals, de busqueda.
format a list of strings into a single string.
this method allows to remove a listener that is notified when notifications are received from the plug -
cummin / cummax, opcode : ucummin / ucummin, opcode :
given a directory and a list of module specifications, return a list of module specifications that contain
returns a string containing the contents of the error list.
getissuernames ( ) method testing.
initializes the checkpoint and reads the records from the first checkpoint and advances the stream until
creates a jdbcdatasource backed with the h2 data source.
converts degrees to degrees.
add a header view to appear at the bottom of the list.
returns true if the given system id is an absolute path, or false if the system id
initialize demand and collection and rebates maps.
returns the instance specifier for the specified index, or null if its not recognized.
create a new shapedcrafting recipe with the given nominal output and recipe function
writes an font tag with the specified name and style for the specified font value.
writes a portion of an array of bytes to the underlying output stream.
connects to the socket and returns the socket object connected to the specified host and port.
ensures that the batch has been processed and flushes the output queue.
configure an okhttpclient. this is used to configure an okhttpclient. this is
parse the ini file.
get the test suite.
this method is called when an object is loaded from an xml file.
create an omraster, lat / lon placement with an imageicon.
starts a new dequeue of threads.
responds to a bound property change.
ensures that the given objects are equal.
convert a set of flags into a set of flag names.
format the sql statement for the given object and expression.
adds a new line to the current indent level.
add a child view to the list, with a fake layout on the right of the list
compile a list of projects.
prints the contact information.
resolve the promise and trigger all done and always callbacks.
adjusts the name and the position of the given node if the name has not changed.
creates a snapshot with the given unity snapshot and stores it in the database.
save the configuration properties to the properties file.
count how many elements in a list are separated by a specified delimiter.
builds the uri for the given representation, segment, bandwidth and time.
disposes the texture at the given location.
writes the kanji escape string to the given file.
creates a new scannerexception wrapping a file with the specified error messages.
render the normals of the view.
find all resources matching the given type and class.
calculates the absolute values of each field in the y axis.
decrements the reference count of this object by the specified number of times.
returns the number of elements in the list, plus the number of elements of its children.
finds a connection in the listener list for the given thread id.
estimates a uniform distribution of values between min and max.
reads a repository metadata object from the given input stream.
returns true if the datatype is a primitive datatype.
appends a new line to the list.
sets the auto - refresh flag to true if the foreign key column name is set.
returns true if this map contains the specified node.
persists new temp files to the filecfg.
adds the given value to the set of writes to be written.
load the given unit.
this method is called by the worker to indicate that the worker should no longer be running.
finishes writing compressed data to the underlying stream.
frees the object. if the object is already in the pool it will be reclaim
returns true if there is a binding for the given key, false otherwise.
create an internal replicator manager.
returns the status of the index in the specified directory, but does not check the index itself
creates a new taggedoutputstream that will write to the given outputstream.
builds the list of messages and returns the modified list.
stores given short value.
calculates a hash of a byte array followed by a byte array starting at the specified offset
creates a new fsm and loads the contents of the file at the given url.
associates the given value with the specified key in this map.
makes this object immutable.
returns the native path of a native library, or null if it cannot be found.
removes a component listener from the list of listeners that will be notified about component changes.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns true if the given char sequence is null or 0 - length.
utility method to encode and decode a message using a specific codec and message decoder.
returns true if the given term can be used in an index.
sends a response to the client.
decodes the given base64 string using the given cipher.
waits for shutdown signal to be triggered.
adds a new connection to the end of the list of connections.
return the euclidean distance between this point and the specified point.
convert a string to an int, if the string is empty, returns the defaultvalue.
adds the given item to the end of this chain.
updates the state view and waits for the next step in the gui.
process events from the specified port until a shutdown signal is received or the port is shutdown.
returns a list of all the keys in the cache.
creates a new dialogue recorder.
generate a new unique future id.
reschedule all alarms that are no longer in the last 30 days.
adds a new name to the list of names that will be used as the attribute name for
perform an asynchronous min operation.
converts a new lifecycle state to the current state and notifies all registered listeners.
converts a java date object to a date string.
adds a new test to the list of tests.
swap the values at index i to j in the list. assert that i and j is
builds a list of name / value pairs from the given ipt object.
allows this closeable to be used by the closure, ensuring that it is closed after
determines if the given string matches one of the given patterns.
adds a server to the load manager.
adds a leaf to the tree.
returns a string representation of the given time stamp, according to the specified format mask.
set the'content - length'request header to the given value.
draws the current state of this frame.
modify the lun for a resource via the / lunmodifyparam / lun - modify / param
replaces this string with the specified replacement character sequence with all instances of the character sequence that
closes this file and deletes all of the files from it.
returns true if this synonym is similar to the given object.
sends an event to google analytics.
adds the given tuple to the internal list of tuples.
add a song to the adapter.
query all children of a particular type and matching a particular name.
emit a map put.
indicates whether the specified object is equal to this object's hash code.
returns the title of the tv show if the user has a tvshow object, otherwise returns
parses events from a json string.
removes a listener from the list of listeners.
replaces the substrings between startindex and endindex, with the given string.
adds a permission to a file or folder recursively.
run the timeout task until the server is active.
learns a new device for the given mac address, vlan, switch address, switch port
determines if the given type signature is a valid type signature.
remainder of two positive numbers of the same length and different signs.
recursive method to check if any of the children of an action group have a visible presentation.
verifies that the given type ref is valid for the given number of arguments.
randomizes the incoming weights, and normalize the outgoing weights.
save an image as an image.
checks if the specified file is a valid file.
removes the given class from the list of src classes.
updates the range to include the given value.
closes the current scope by appending the given bracket at the end of the previous scope.
appends a byte array to the buffer.
check if there is enough space on phone.
method to handle cancel button.
adds the given attribute and value to this iterator.
converts a string to a value based on the type of the old value and the new
returns a string representation of this object.
records a dialogue state and places it in the states map.
write utf - 16 encoded octets from the specified character sequence.
creates a new instance of the wps server.
checks if the zip file can be read.
try to cleanup the connection with the longest idle at least the number of connections in the pool
creates a new instance of stateinfo.
compares two objects. if the two values are null, they are considered equal.
generate a seed byte [ ].
return true if we need to check to exclude data.
convenience method to decode a hex string into an array of bytes.
creates a list of usernamespaceauthorization objects from the list of usernamespaceauthorization entities.
reads the header information from the header file.
draws the text between two texts.
compares two percent objects.
returns a clone of this locpathiterator.
returns true if the given point is outside the preferred size of the table's cell.
adds a source folder to scan.
returns a workflow. method to suspend srdf group volumes from source to target volumes.
calculates the optimal m - value for a given delta, using the given epsilon for the
create a new server socket that is connected to the specified port on the specified address.
prints the specified number of bytes to the stream.
delete the cg by the native id.
find the index of the key comment in the keyvalcomments list, or - 1 if
returns true if the cookie has expired, or false if it hasn't expired.
returns true if adding to the home intent is supported.
constructs a new inmemoryentrystore.
constructs a classannotator with a set of properties.
generates the next random number from the generator.
puts the content of the given url connection into the cache.
parses a title string into its components.
get the selection as a string.
calculates the excitatory ratio of synapses in the ex_synapse_set
a repository root has been removed.
inserts a new element into the priority queue at the specified priority with the specified data.
create a new instance of this class.
wrap a linux command into a command that can be run on the same process as the one
parses a sql query and returns a parsed query object.
finds the index of the given element in the given levels.
returns the number of attributes in the attribute set.
consumes a tag name from the queue.
sorts the feature vectors in the same order as the features in the tree.
removes all listeners from the listener list.
decrypts a bin hex string.
l - b ( x [ ], y [ ], r [ ] ).
add all ids in clus to the hull, and return the weight of the ids.
this method will be called when a print service attribute has been updated.
convenience method to decode a base64 encoded string to a file.
evicts stale entries from the pool.
generates a random population of individuals with the fitness functions.
creates a new session object.
consultar todos registros la consulta con la base de visitante.
asserts that all values returned from tbl1 are equal to all values from tbl2.
appends the specified character to this writer and returns the builder.
inserts the given instructions before the first instruction in the given list.
returns a new instance of the builder.
count the number of elements in the given array.
processes the process that has not been processed by the user.
popy of the first element of the stack onto the second element of the given array.
outputs the given frame number.
delete the attribute value.
push an elemattributeset to the top of the list of attributes to be used for the
makes sure the scroll stacks are at the end of the current rendered scroll position.
add a new range with an unbounded from value.
sends a response to the server.
replaces all occurrences of a character in a string with another character.
returns a copy of the text at the current marked position.
canonicalize a path. the canonicalization means that the path starts with a'/ '
constructs a new inmemorymessageexchangestore with the given network configuration and token provider.
calls the next ( ) method of the musicplayervice class, if there is one
draws a bitmap with a stroke.
returns the mqtt device to which the message will be sent to, or null if no
start collecting threads. this is a daemon thread that can be used to collect data.
allows subclasses of this class to override their own implementation by throwing an exception if this class
converts pixels per kilobytis per kilobytes to meters
add a character to the buffer and flush it to the stream if the buffer is full.
calculates the length of a vector vector.
creates a cache to be used for the local locators and mcasts.
creates a new instance of the attribute list panel.
constructs a new instance of environment.
removes a photo from this user.
performs a binary search for the specified element in the specified sorted array.
compute the best score of a read based on the top percentage filter.
creates an array containing all of the elements in this list in the correct order.
add a failure to the list of failures.
dumps the symbol stack in debug mode.
converts a set of strings to a set of strings.
loads the listener for the given serverkey.
this method will upload a file to the remote ftp server.
creates a new sslsocket object that can be used to perform ssl requests on a given socket
recursively formats the node and its children.
this method is used to register an mbean from the platform's management service.
write the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream, removing prior tags from the
sorts the collection according to the specified comparator.
return true if the given diskaccessexception was caused by rde.
adds the given string value to the end of this array.
constructs a new magicvariablesargumentsbundle with the provided arguments and variables and layer name.
set up the parameters for video ex.
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects.
converts a string to a date object.
creates a dom document from the given input stream.
returns a string representation of this object.
resets the counter to 0.
schedule a task at a fixed rate after a given time has been reached.
copies the attribute values from the specified attribute value into this instance.
copy the given file from the given assets filename to the given file in the build library.
returns true if the specified object is equal to this object.
returns the next power of two that is less than or equal to the argument.
compute the three - way distance of this key based on the hash of the two keys.
discards leading and trailing whitespace from the beginning and end of the byte array.
create a new async selector.
removes the child at the given index from the children list and sets its parent to null
find the diffs in text1 and text2 starting at character x, y.
paints the specified painter object with the specified transform.
tries to load the given directory and its sub directories into the given module candidate.
returns true if the throwable has a class that is assignable from the given class.
writes a variable size long.
updates the message digest with the specified byte.
writes out the contents of this list to a stream.
check if initiator is for rp.
returns a collection of supported serial messages or an empty collection if the version is not supported.
read configuration from a file. if path is null, default systemml configuration will be used
if there is no field with the specified key, then associate the specified value with the specified
combine the buffer and last read into a single result array.
returns true if this jvm is retina, or false if there is no retina device
prints an object in oln, followed by a newline.
creates an activity with the given resolve info.
[ < rn >, + / - < rm >, lsr # < shift_
the end of the formals section.
determines if the next character is a letter or a letter or a number.
extracts the project name from the uri.
adds the given object to the set of objects that will be used to represent this object.
resets the notes1 and notes2 to stdstatus2 if we are in edit mode
adds a required property to the requirements builder.
add a new cell to the current pattern and add the new hit to the current pattern.
construct a headrule from a rule in a given direction and a rule in a left -
or for a negative and a positive numbers ; the first is shorter.
submits a task for execution on this executor's thread pool.
subtract two numbers of different scales using mathcontext ; the first is positive.
creates an xsqlda object to represent the given row descriptor.
append a value to a given vector, truncating the offset and truncating the length if
returns true if the string is null or empty.
add a scrollviewlistener to the list of listeners that will be notified of scroll events.
attempts to get the callbacks in the current thread, but only if they are the same as
this method should not be called directly. it should be invoked from the worker thread.
translates a java2d point on the chart to a point on the chart.
updates the traffic projections and notifies about new projections.
log a stack trace at the given level with the given exception.
reads a single character from the underlying stream, and writes it to the associated output stream.
decodes a bcd encoded integer into a string.
draws the background of the image on the graphics context.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
add a layouteditor to the list of panels.
execute the wildcard expander on the files in the specified collection of files.
creates a new instance of an ip interface.
collects all edit proposals that are applicable to the currently selected view.
creates a new instance.
ensures that the image's namespace exists.
creates a map with the specified key - value pairs.
tests the filtered classifier.
uppercase the first character of the given string.
returns a random index based on the proportions in the given array.
check the width of a rectangle and adjust the bounds of the page if necessary.
groups the given list of radcomponent components by their parents and their children.
counts the number of non - newline characters.
helper method to convert a span to a sparse grid.
two rules are equal if they have the same transitions and the same offsets in the same order
returns a string representation of this object.
adds the specified roles to the list of roles claimed by the signer.
writes a map to a stream.
sleeps the current thread for the specified number of milliseconds, and nanosecond.
restores the system. out and system. err streams to their previous values.
this method is used to convert the list of bigintegers to the list of biginteg
measures height according to the specified measure spec.
puts a byte array into this byte vector.
helper method to synchronously wait until the task has finished or failed.
constructs a new action with the specified content and priority.
returns a list of the surrounding islands in the given chunk.
8b windowid | 1b operatorid | 3b tupleid | 3b tuple
calculates the overlap between two rectangles and sets the width and height of the given rectangle
moves the current tile to the next available tile.
returns true if the model has a myomer booster.
checks if an intent is available in the device.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # wrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs,
send a connect request to the platform.
returns true if this certificate is a self signed by the given certificate.
this method calls proc insertuserroles and adds a record in userroles table.
finds the nearest ( nearest ) words of the specified distance, starting with the specified
constructs a new derutctimestamp from a date / time.
add a new entry to the category, titles and values arrays.
rewinds the list to the beginning of the next parameter list.
merge the given intervals into a single list of intervals. the intervals will be merged into the
format the type of an object.
calculates sha - 1 hash of key store.
pans the domain axes of a subplot.
initializes the check view.
creates a new icon label for the given check box.
sends the " window close " event to the client window.
removes the entry with the specified alias from this keystore.
constructs a new disjoint set with the specified number of elements.
prints the final clusters to the specified output stream.
adds the given jbutton to the gui window.
removes the item at the given index from the list of categories and values.
wraps the given content into a tokenstream using the given fieldname and analyzing
checks if a trace on a polyline can be reached over a specified number of netnos.
deletes a file or folder, if it is a folder, it will be recursively deleted
expands a double [ ] array to a new array of size given by buffersize.
converts a double value to an int using the specified number of bits.
skip bytes. this method will block until some characters are available, an i / o error
creates a new file in the lockable directory and removes the lock file if it exists.
handles edit property request.
performs a get operation for the specified key.
called when a swf has been loaded.
sends the quick reply to the user.
writes a byte array to the file at the specified offset.
indicates whether the identity hash code of the config has changed since the last time this call
makes sure the root view and all of its child views are compatible with older versions of
sets up a socket, returning a set of addresses that can be used for the socket.
substitutes the header for a specific state of a page.
constructs a service object from a patterntimetable object.
remove the specified object from the data.
returns an instance with the given allowed users.
finds the distributed device with the given name.
reads the state of a copy from the given input stream.
notifies all of the tasks that are waiting for execution.
creates a new requestparams object with the specified string keys and string values.
asks the user whether the user wants to overwrite a file.
instantiates a new show update datasource task.
locates the line that contains the given offset.
clear the current sensor selection.
creates a new non - movable array of the given type with the given length.
recursively loads the thrift files and its sub - directories.
checks if the proxy connection is available and restarts the server if it's not.
adds the given message to this chatroom.
creates a new sh - hash key from the given hash value.
concatenates all the given arrays.
comparses permission flags for a given way and verifies that the flags for the given way
read an array of bytes from the input stream.
returns the chunk size for n - 1 or n - 1 depending on the initial power of
returns the tip text for this property.
joins the given data objects with the given alias.
closes the current file.
show all available interfaces on the remote device.
clear the data lists for an obd service.
makes a new quadedge with the given vertex o and vertex d.
sorts a list of seqs in alphabetical order.
associate the given value with the specified key.
list files in subdirectory subdirectory of directory directory.
create the outline of a edge.
dispose of object, releasing resources.
executes the given scenario with the given configuration and the given list of methods to call.
creates reserve disk cache directory.
returns true if the method has been called with the specified resource name.
calls the super method and reads the leaf state of this node from the specified input stream.
creates a new, empty map with no mappings.
create a criteria object that will return a criteria object that will return true if this criteria object
creates a new failover connection factory for a set of ldap servers.
constructs a new instance of printfformat using the default locale.
if the exception is not null, set it as the cause.
constructs a new messagepropertykey with the specified description and ordinal number.
adds node to the waiter queue, if it's not yet there, and sets its
asserts that the deserialized sortedset is bounded, or if it is not.
paints a border of the given component with the specified width and height, centered on
restore the checkpoint oper object from the output stream.
reads a byte [ ] from the given input stream.
returns true if the host is supported by this hci implementation, or false if it is
creates a new debugger template object.
returns a shape object that represents this shape as a screen shape.
adds a window that will be closed when the application shuts down.
constructs a new performance logger.
authenticates the provided discoveries, returning to the provided return_to_url if
constructs a hash from a string of hex digits.
finds the longest common prefix of the two short - text short - text and long -
determines if the pin is a number that can be used as a numerical value.
returns the type of the uri, for both absolute and norootrel, depending on the
add a horizontal or vertical glue to the given box.
checks if the given string represents a reference to a resource ( i.
blocks until all nodes in the cluster are removed from the cluster cluster, or until the cluster
returns an enumeration of the members of this group.
adds a property name and an as - name to the select clause.
adds the given interface name to the constant pool.
cuts the string from the first index of the given substring.
get a httpresponse from the registry using the httpget ( ) method.
test that queue contains all items in queue, and that there is only one item in queue
initializes this securitycontext with the specified authenticated user.
invokes the finalize ( ) method of the specified object.
removes the tv show.
checks the encrypt policy and returns the appropriate policy object.
returns true if the given object is an instance of the given class, otherwise false.
adds the specified object at the specified location in this vector.
calculate the age of the response, based on the time of the last response was received.
get the index of a bit in an array of the same type as an int.
resets the switch point map to a new one.
converts a vdcinfo object to a vdcconfig object.
creates a new osxmethodhandler for a given target object and handler method.
returns the prediction for the given instance, normalized and denormalized.
finishes the wizard and returns the object that should be returned to the caller.
returns true if the given switch port is a valid attachment point port in the current topology.
fire a cluster change to all registered listeners.
creates a new batched image request with the specified image container.
returns the rgb value of the specified pixel in this surface for the given color model.
check to see if the given char array is a carry or not.
adds a component to the bottom of the list.
deletes a set of files.
creates a temporary directory and optionally removes the file system hook if cleanup is set to true.
emits the initializer block.
reads cookie value from the request header.
merges this resource item into the result, but only if it's not already in
translates a string into a byte array of the correct encoding for the specified text format.
creates a preview buffer of the given size.
inserts a child at a given position in the list of children, and sets its parent
returns a new position at the given offset.
returns a string consisting of n characters padded on the left of the string.
resets the transformation object to the given transform at the given point.
adds a listener that will be called when the user hits an activity that is triggered by the
mute a user. if the user is already muted it will be removed from the
generic method used to convert the network response received from the network into an appropriate representation.
applies the orientation of the component to the given orientation object.
returns true if there are no selected widgets.
closes this output stream and any buffered output streams that have been written to it.
create a new instance of parcelableadapter.
fills the given byte array with random bytes.
draws the far - out triangle for the given location ( xx, m ).
returns true if this class name is a java library class name.
convert a set of namedobjects to a set of objectnames that will be returned by the
check if we have a slop value based on the drag range of the child view.
create end point element with given name, binding, location and response location.
return a string representation of this object.
test where each operation locks one or more resources.
report the beginning of an element.
returns a copy of the contents of the buffer as a byte array.
converts a date / time string to a calendar object using the specified pattern and locale.
convert the bitmap to a byte array.
saves the given template to the given directory.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
adds a transform tree node to the composite tree.
post - process the flood terrains in the given set of fields after the given
expands a two - digit string into a list of english words.
finds the index of the first occurrence of the specified character in the specified string.
constructs a new diagnostic factory with the given messages and prefix.
returns true if the frontier is empty, or false if there are no more elements.
returns true if the attribute selection panel, or the crs combo box is enabled.
compute the variance of a sequence of doubles.
attempts to stash the current user information in the request and response, but only if the user
sends the location list to the client.
serializes a text node.
returns true if the given visual is inside a soft wrap.
returns true if this rule is valid for the given world.
clears all cached items.
moves the index to the next thing after the current position.
grows the priority queue by p ( the amount specified by p ).
flush the internal buffer to the underlying output stream.
generates the label for a section.
remove a graph listener.
does the fade - in of this view.
executes the given command with the given description and basecommand.
increments the current text position by the given number of characters.
creates a new serviceconfiguration instance initialized with the properties contained in the given input stream.
splits a single sentence and returns an array of word ids.
returns true if the given actions list contains no actions.
add a string to the dictionary.
creates a deep copy of the given int [ ] [ ] array.
returns true if the given identifier is part of the tag's list of known tags.
wait for a message to arrive.
constructs a new date from a comma - separated string.
copies a single file or a folder to a destination file.
constructs a new mapobjects object.
reads the specified number of bytes from this reader and returns them as an array of bytes.
encodes the specified string using the default character encoding for this charset.
tests comparison of different number of attributes.
constructs a new inspacepredicate with the specified values.
deletes the specified file ( or directory ) and all its subdirectories ( if it exists )
prepares the sort key statements for the sort table.
get the string representation of the instance's experimenter.
prints the magnitudes in human - readable format to system. out.
creates a zookeeper client with the given zookeeper url.
description of the method.
reads characters until the given character is encountered in the given string builder, or the end character
converts the from attribute set to the to attribute set.
closes this stream. if this stream is null, then no data is available.
updates the amount of the money to match the total amount of the money in the order.
create a dataset with a single attribute and an empty attribute set.
evaluate the expression with the given context, returning the result as a string.
reads the content of a dex file as a byte array.
adds a listener that will be notified when the animation of the view changes.
runs a commercial of one stream.
adds the children to the tree at the specified index.
generates code for the while clause of the tree.
calculates the gamma function of an elliptical gaussian distribution.
initializes the list of active slots based on a space separator string.
convert a raml action type to an intent value.
converts a hidden key to a hidden key like " key = value ", or "
remove the mqtt token from the tokenmap and returns the corresponding mqtttoken object.
returns true if this is a " explicit all " type.
reads until the next non - delimiter character is reached, or the end of the stream is
this method should not be called directly.
returns true if this node is a leaf node.
returns true if the given text is a valid utf - 8 character.
interrupts the specified thread. if the thread is null, then nothing will happen.
writes default serializable field values to a stream.
convenience method to create a border layout container and wrap the given component in the east border
calls putall ( ) and putall ( ) and returns an array of eventid [
load the layout from the given file.
adds a file to the tracker.
converts all separators to the unix separator.
indicates whether a parameter with the given name is present in the parameter list.
return the amount of free memory for the given window id.
returns true if the given string is a syntactically valid syntactically -
sorts the specified list in ascending order according to the specified comparator.
write the contents of the index back to the disk.
indicates whether the task name should be appended to the existing task name or not.
converts a string to a byte array.
creates a random cache entry.
find the maximum of all elements in the specified array, ignoring elements that are nan.
returns true if the line is a start element.
parses a 64 - bit long.
removes the instance at the specified index.
extracts the access key from an s3 uri.
does the next transaction operation.
adds the specified value to the holder list.
copies the given object into the given destination object, but does not alter the size.
creates a new sitemonitor object.
creates a set containing the ip addresses that can be union of the two given ip addresses.
get the blazevertex corresponding to the given vertex id.
atomically adds the given value to the current and returns the updated value.
starts a monitor and displays the label for the given request.
returns the square root of the square root of this vector.
p_loss = p_loss ( y, ypred [ ] ).
write the entry to the given output stream.
creates a new instance of closeableanimatedbitmap.
reads the label file and returns a string with the symbol for each entry in the label file
adds a converter to the set of converters if there is no such converter already in the set
parses the source object list property and updates the state of the parser with the objects of
returns a sorted map of messageuid - > messagename - > maildirmessagename
dumps the spatial index to the console.
compares the given param with the reflection param and returns true if they are the same.
generates a random number in an array.
escapes the json encoding of the given text, so that it can be returned as a
writes the contents of this byte stream to the specified output stream.
checks the headings of the elements in the elements hierarchy.
returns an iterator over the elements in this set.
invoked when a wheel has been moved from the upper or left corner of the screen.
executes a query and verifies that the inputs provided are the same.
returns true iff the given imf is equivalent to this imf.
loads workspace screen ids from the database.
renders the output of the given template node and writes it to the given writer.
converts the given string to an e - formatted string.
multiplies all components of the matrix by the given scale factor.
change the internal state of the panel to the current state.
returns the intersection of the segments of the given geometry whose distance is greater than or equal to
record the end of the request.
is accessible user to kibana?.
clear the list. if the list is empty nothing will happen. if the list is not
returns the index of the given type in the list of primitive types.
load the configuration xml from the specified file.
converts the given parameter to a string.
calculates the position and size of the text grid.
flushes this writer. this implementation simply flushes the contents of this writer, and then
expands the shared string array to a new array with a capacity less than the max shared
add a request property to the list of properties to be sent in the outgoing message.
updates the member with the given client address and the time that the member was updated.
is org level only. - - - - - - - - - - - - -
decrement this object's internal counter as a runnable, or do nothing if this object
action to be performed.
serialize an object to a byte [ ].
returns the modulepointer for the given module name, or null if none can be found.
adds a certstore to the certstores list.
creates a new nar class loader that loads classes from the given nar working directory.
returns the block containing this block ( if any ) of this block, or null if this
substitutes the given substitution on the given array of type parameters.
returns true if the motion event is scrolling or not.
tests whether a single filter is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains another filter.
constructs an edge with the given source, symbol, and destination.
generates the instruction to get a constant.
creates a new extended text source label with the same text source as this extended text label.
pad a string to a certain length by adding a character to the end of the string.
checks whether a specific feature is supported for a given version.
atomically removes all of the elements from this queue.
read a quoted attribute value descriptor.
returns a csv string representation of the class distribution.
subtract two numbers of the same length and different signs.
assigns an id value to the specified data object.
writes an integer value to an outputstream, swapping values low - endian.
returns true if the stream is currently open, false if the stream is already closed.
perform a find operation and return a map of entity names to their corresponding objects.
returns a string representation of a soap soap element.
closes this writer. this implementation closes the underlying writer and then deletes the file associated with
initialize camera manager. if camera manager hasn't been created yet, it will be created
compares two values for equality.
write a boolean to the output stream.
takes a set of file names and trains the classifier on them.
test de busqueda open ldap de busqueda para limit.
creates a new printfformat instance with the specified argument formatted in default locale.
returns the p ( a ^ 2 + b ^ 2 ) between a and b.
write a 32 - bit integer to an outputstream in big - endian format.
queue a cube loading task and run the specified task if there is not already one.
checks if an object can be loaded from a date or from a date to a date.
invoked when a button is clicked.
gets the id of the largest release message in the release message repository.
removes a change listener.
get a copy of the request log and remove it from memory.
url - decode the given string.
test of gettables ( null, null, null, null, null, null ) method
adds all of the elements in the specified collection at the end of the array.
removes the given log name from the current file list.
initializes the compose state object.
creates a list of tool bars for the given view.
parses a string value as a date and returns the corresponding date object.
constructs a new regular expression filter.
executes the given sql statement and returns the result set or null if something goes wrong.
writes a byte buffer to the output stream and increments the number of bytes written by the number
encodes the given string using utf - 8.
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation.
parse a float from a string.
creates a new instance of the given java content interface.
opens a link to the user to create a new password. if the user is creating a
force the memory to be out of memory.
adds the entry with the specified key to the cache.
compute the enlargement - scaled enlargement, given a spatialcompar
intersects this clip with the intersection of another region with this one.
returns true if, at this time, it's possible to get an int.
adds a new condition waiter node to the list of waiting nodes.
removes all of the mappings from this map.
strip banned codeunits from the beginning of the string.
asserts that the lines of the actual output are lines of the expected.
log a warning message and print a stack trace if an exception is not null.
returns the singular form of the given string, if it's not already in the prefix
clears the password expiration warned time.
strips out the language, country and variant from the given locale.
appends the timezone string to the given string buffer, depending on the general time zone format
removes all listeners from the current object.
returns a string with a specified number of spaces to the left of the string str.
sets the flag of the showscores button in the popup window.
writes the given char sequence data to the given file, using the default character encoding.
returns the kernel kernel function of the kernel function k_hat ( n, s, end
returns a connection to the h2 database.
emits a clear command for a field.
start recoarding. this should be called before the object being recoarded
adds an input method listener.
add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list.
load the user class from the given url.
add a document to the output stream.
adds the given command class and names to the map of aliases.
generate the auto increment clause for a column.
store the current pusher app id to the pusher app pusher url and the base
writes the block light handle to the given buffer.
executes the search and returns the results as a string.
returns the next token that matches the given pattern.
record that a call was made at a specific duration.
paint the background of a control solid.
adds the attribute default values to a service schema.
returns the encoded product string.
returns true if this metadata has been modified since the last publication.
specify a list of resource dirs that should be used as an option for a list of
make a class node for the given class node, if we are using a class, otherwise
pushes an import url to the import stack.
converts a map of string / string / string to a string.
sorts the suites in the order in the order in which they appear in the test
creates a copy of the given array and adds the given events to the new array.
adds a marker to the end of the list of markers for this thread.
replaces all occurrences of a in a string with a replacement string b in c.
enables or disables the final button depending on the visibility of the final button in the final
wsptypedecoder test, decode oma application id name and content type value.
removes all actions and constraints from the list.
checks to see if the file can be written to.
constructs a new publishingpriority instance.
validate the relying party.
rotates this matrix by the given angle in radians clockwise from the z axis.
creates a new instance of servicefactory for the given service instance.
wake - up the output pipe.
calculates the number of columns in a column given the current column and the previous column.
creates an instance of this type with the given value.
creates a new kafka message listener container with the specified topic partitions.
removes the entry with the given alias from the keystore.
gets the string associated with a given matcher's group ( if any ).
translates this line by p_vector.
rejects the execution of a command in the context of this execution context.
calculates the height of the window that can be used to display the menu.
adds a pending ram to the list of pending rams.
creates a list of resource colors from an array of resources.
test the configuration file property.
generates a salt value.
add a projector listener.
given the list of expressions, select the next tupleexpr that has the same cardinality or the
writes a bcd encoded number.
add a message to the history.
starts the specified container.
converts a string to a date object using a specific dateformat.
calls the accept method for each entry in the log and calls the visit method for each entry
loads the latest version of extensions from the registry.
called at the beginning of a node.
clearbit ( int n ) inside a negative number.
compare to a number of an greater scale.
reads a single character from the input stream and returns it as an integer with the two higher
cancels the auto completion if there is a currently in text field.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
sets the host name of the proxy to use as the client service proxy host name.
verifies setter methods on a class.
drops an item at the current take position.
generates a random, positive floating point number.
resets the text box indexes to those that are excluded from the excluded list.
learns a new device associated with this entity.
returns a copy of all the data at the top of the level zero buffers.
return the version of the device.
counts the number of times the specified character was found in the string.
adds a color to an imageicon.
reads all bytes from the given input stream until the given limit is reached.
searches the target string for the string that starts with the given string.
validates that preload order is valid.
start the game loop.
removes the specified environment variable from the list of environment variables.
given a score and a lambda in the range [ 0, 100 ], find the closest
get the value on the top of the stack.
tests if issigned ( int ) returns non - null value.
returns the index of the last directory separator.
check if a point is in a view with the given local location ( localx, local
unrolls bounds from the type arguments.
deletes the quotas of an existing user.
creates a basic authentication header for the given username and password.
adds a new entry to the extent model and enables the remove button.
check if the cached network with the specified network id exists in the cache directory.
read the xml data from the given file.
check to see if all permissions have been granted.
executes the given event on the underlying executor.
sends the next message over the network.
adds the given field to the list of attributes to be used as an attribute for this entity
returns true if the given token is a session token.
returns the root means squared error for the given real values and predicted values.
write the contents of this row to the given byte buffer.
creates an accountdetailmap for the voucher.
rotates the given node right to the left.
updates the enabled status of the advance data sets and iterator marks.
update the histogram with a new value.
the graphical representation of a series.
checks the given class signature, raising an exception if it is not a valid class signature.
select a cardlet aid for the specified app id.
adds the given entry as the root entry for this project comparison tree.
creates a new source from the given url, using the given charset for encoding.
tests whether a single servlet is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains another descriptor.
extracts a new re from this re composed of terms and coefficients, and returns the result
tells the jvm to run any necessary finalizers when the application shuts down.
add a new result to the search results.
registers a new quick fix that will be performed on a given range when the given key is
creates a new file in the zip directory.
runs the test case.
the startdocument method is called by the sax parser when a startdocument is encountered.
dumps the window hierarchy as a plain text file.
register an observer that will be notified of changes in a rule.
send an update to the heartbeats list.
serialize the message to the output stream.
initializes ssl engine using the sslkeystore and sslkeystorepassword and ssl trust store
constructs a getbufferedrandomaccesssource with the specified source.
constructs a new argument parser for the given program name.
setbit ( int n ) zero.
saves the given model into the given file.
sorts and collapses all the spans in the span list.
split a set of dbids into sub - list of the given range using a random distribution
returns the given path with the given prefix if it does not start with the given prefix.
publish a message to an mqtt server.
removes the given element from this element's list of children.
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by all
returns true if the two strings are equal.
set the force_auth parameter, which specifies whether authentication should be requested by the user.
fetches the user details from the server and stores it in the userconfig object.
this method is invoked when the service is being stopped.
pushes a message to the push queue and waits for the message to be sent.
writes data to characteristic, and sends to remote bluetooth le device.
generates a link to the message.
reads a text file from the given input stream and transforms each line with the given transformer.
removes the given element from this set of elements.
send a stream of bytes as bytes.
sorts the broker items according to the given sort type.
returns true if we need to escape the xml for an entity.
updates the path constraints for the given test.
test that a journal with at most one index with no data is committed.
returns true if the given class loader is a p2p loader and false if it is
removes the sub - strings of the decoded subject from the end of the decoded subject.
get the next input stream.
converts a bitmap to a byte array.
inflate a string by prefixing it with the global prefix of the name.
adds a warning handler that will be called when the priority of this node is higher than the
prints a string to the stream, encoded as a " len " character.
writes an xml attribute with the given name and value, and does nothing if the attribute does
returns the syntax descriptor for the given definition and attributes.
writes the contents of the buffer to the client.
skips the given member value at the current position in the given byte buffer.
recursively joins the nested stream into the given collection of events.
generates the minimal matrix for the router.
takes a request from the request queue and returns it.
converts a location in the list to a column.
returns a list of all files in the given directory that match the given filename filter.
generate the sql drop statement for the specified table.
register all child property change listeners.
returns true if the current scroll position is out of bounds, false otherwise.
reduces the stack size of the instructions and returns the new list of instructions.
returns true if this node is locked locally or if its owner id is the same as
tries to move the view by the given amount.
compareto ( biginteger a ).
delete the left word in the document.
cumulative density function ( cdf ) of a real number with a specific rate.
read in a continuous dataset ( data from a csv file ) using the default read - in
generates the native guid for storage port based on source instance system name and port network id
returns true iff the given paths are contiguous, i. e. if any of the paths
constructs a new string reader.
add a field to be included in the query string.
get a string representation of the current date, using the specified date format.
initializer for property streambuffersize.
register a sensor to be used by the serial sensor manager.
converts a string representation of a number into a number object using a default value provider if
return the probe's next sample.
applies the given replacement to the given contents and returns the result.
constructs an instance of keyimpl with the specified principal, password and algorithm.
returns a string representation of this object.
process a list of packages.
checks if the given direction and facing are the same for the given time period.
parses the path, creating the path object, and calling path ( ).
records a variable declaration in the symbol table.
read the file, but don't verify the version.
returns true if the given media type is supported.
export the dependencies of all nodes in the jcas to a file in jcas.
removes the 83600 signature from the given signature and returns the modified signature.
returns true if the network is available, false if the network is not available.
generates a random string from the given random source code generator and returns a new string with
creates and persists a list of expected partition value entities.
returns a string representation of the textfield.
register a new watcher that will be run in a separate thread until the runnable is null.
write the message to a data output stream.
extracts the hard reference from the soft - reference, or null if there is no such
formats a long value to a string.
removes the given component from the contributed components list and uninitializes the given addon
copies the data from the given file, starting at the given page id, into the
write an array of bytes without writing it to the output stream.
asserts that the given status contains no backup entries.
handle case where the tenant metadata service does not match the request, but we don't
ensures that the current state is one one of the given states.
sort the movies in alphabetical order.
constructs a key - value list parser.
poll the stats broker for the given queue.
returns a new file object based on the input file name if this file should be included in
returns true if the boundary of the edge ( a, b ) intersects the boundary of the
update overlay fields based on lookat and camera information.
returns the name of the type that should be used as a javascript type in the java source
creates a new state machine.
dispose - clear listeners and attributes and call the removed method.
reads default serializable field values for this instance, followed by the registrar's server.
returns a right - pointing triangle of the given dimenisions.
finds the terminal with the given name.
creates a new layout block if the user name is null or if the user name is empty
modifies the values of the joptions to be the same as the values of the old
escape special regex characters that are not permitted in regular expression expressions.
constructs a charbuffer backed by the given string.
updates the visibility of the promo, and the opacity of the promo depending on the
creates a new value geometry from a byte [ ] containing the given geometry as a parameter.
flushes the new heap heapinsintervalmanagers for this node and flushes the heap heap
returns true if the given library and version exists.
this method will be called after all the statements that have not yet been processed since the last
shows a gui dialog for the user to confirm the user with the specified message and image
this method is used to dynamically initialize the class loader.
calls the file visit method on the given path.
lay out the springs that have a baseline at their baseline.
reads the int value from the json array for specified index.
add a property change listener.
removes the given dependent object from the list of dependent objects that it is interested in.
validates the given storage policy selection.
returns a string representation of the cobweb tree.
converts a collection of primitives into an array of the given component type.
creates a new gradleexception with a diff message for the given formatter and problem files.
computes the label distances for the given node in the hypergraph, with respect to the
returns the current position in the stream.
adds a frequency to the list of frequencies.
parses a single header element with the given parser.
slice an interval by a time grain.
determine if the expression is a gerund verb.
reports an error. < p > note : this method cannot be inherited from the parent class
create a request object with the given headers and uri, http method and payload.
runs the test case.
download the files specified in the tlogfilestodownload array.
reads file attributes from the given file handle.
adds all of the participants to the completion queue for replaying.
creates a jbuttoncombobox with the given button labels and a list of action listeners.
assigns probabilities for each instance in the given cluster to all instances in the data store.
converts a uri to a string.
constructs a kernel with the given values at the given offset.
find all congruence vertices that can be congruenced by this graph.
called before the model is being linked, so that the imported names are cleared.
adds the specified file to the list of files to be generated.
called when a tree has been expanded.
indicates whether the specified object is a member of this set.
returns true if the version numbers are the same or if both are null or if they are
this method is called when a connection could not be established.
creates a datatype for the xsd : complex - type.
pushes the value of the annotators ref and sets it to the given values.
returns the compact version of the currently - used maven version for this jar file.
sequences a query, registers it in the session if necessary, or indexes it in the index
expungeexpungeexpungeexpungeexpungeexpunge
returns the rest of the given list.
constructs a list of integers from a set of start and end indices.
this method is invoked after the tests have been completed, and should not be called directly.
this method is invoked when we find and undo an object in the mapbean.
recalculate the estimated completion date based on the priority and start date.
adds a new document type to the list of document types.
checks if a table exists in the database.
runs the test case.
return the position after the next token in the token specification, or null if there is no
executes all tasks currently in the task queue until one is executed or an error is
calculates the hpd values for a given set of indices.
check if the directories exist in the disk.
add a port to the list of ports that have already been allocated.
convert the bytes to utf - 8.
converts a list of longs to an array of longs, boolean i if there
returns true if the specified attribute is defined in this object.
show the preloading stage in the primary stage.
removes all of the elements from this vector.
removes the mapping for the specified key from this map.
copystreamof ( byte [ ] data, byte [ ] data ) with a full block
runs the test case.
converts an ipv4 or ipv6 ipv4 address into an array of bytes.
sends the given message to the client as a reply to the given key.
adds the necessary http headers to the given http connection.
adds a long selection listener that will be notified when the user changes the value of the hex
writes a newline character to the output stream and sets the new line flag to true.
return a string representation of this capabilities object.
constructs a new debug instance with the specified client id and client comms.
converts the case of the given string to the proper case according to the current case of
indicates if acking is required.
returns a string representation of this vector.
add a reporter icon.
draws the selection rectangle.
creates a new conversionexception with the given throwable as a cause and source of error message.
checks if there is any connectivity to all storage systems in the export group.
construct a derivation from a set of nodes marked with a search heuristic.
plus ( mathcontext ) for a positive bigdecimal.
test negative number of radix 24.
converts an " or " commontree ast into an " or " ast.
creates a new display panel in the window with the specified title.
creates a new jsonobjectreader with the given reader.
this method processes binary standard input and writes the compressed output to the file ( binary std -
sets the tokenizer to use the given tokenizer class as the tokenizer.
computes the offset of the azimuth label for a given radius and maximum maximum radius.
adds a resource bundle to a list of defaults.
called when the display of the window changes.
extracts a stream of the methods of the given class.
update the address of the server to be listening on the given docker manager and server port.
removes the item at the specified position from the list if it exists.
choose a random enemy in the list of enemy forces.
returns true if the destination is a valid route to the given protecting block.
sort a list of storagepools in the order they appear in the storagepool list.
adds a collection of overlays to the current overlays.
creates a resource object for the given path.
returns true if the system property leopard is set to true, and false otherwise.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
escapes a string for inclusion in an xmlcontent document.
feed the forward pass through the activation matrices, and update the derivative matrices accordingly.
finds the file with the given name in the given directory.
compares the results from the control client with the cloud client.
returns a list of all elements that match the xpath expression. < p >.
attempts to create a context from the current gl context.
collapses all the rows in the tree.
queue a cape replacement for a player.
remove a vetoablechangelistener from the listener list.
constructs a new instance of stream throughput with default initial start time.
parses the arguments passed to the command processor.
this method is invoked to edit a user's bookmark.
converts a range of characters from utf - 32 to an array of utf - 32 characters
create the bounding box for the selection.
records the row in the counters array, assuming that the row contains a white space.
finds the first method that matches the given method name and list of arguments.
returns the index of the first illegal character in the source string.
decodes a byte buffer to a character buffer.
add a new fast clock tick to the delayed trains list, and restart if necessary.
add a new point to the respawn map.
load org access roles.
test the functionality of the method, which allows to parse as much as it can from the
generates a certificate object from the input stream.
returns a string representation of the given value.
generates a list of periods for the last 30 days where the last one is the specified
finds an instance of the counter class for the specified counter key.
add a message to the given uri.
runs the test case.
sets the mode of the engine.
expungeexpungeexpungeexpungeexpungeexpunge
executes a job to run an analysis of the given resources.
support for reporting changes for vetoable properties.
write the full backup data to the specified output stream.
remove a tab's connection list from the list of connections associated with this tab.
paints the range rings from the origin point to the dest point.
converts separators to the windows separator.
translates and append pending characters to the output stream.
optimize the given trie by lifting all rows from the given trie and then removing gaps from
returns a handler that will be called after the request is executed and the after listener will be
shuts down the connection if it's not already closed.
creates and persists a new storage entity.
displays an info line.
writes a formatted string to the console.
verify signer ( string, identityscope ) returns identityscope.
invokes a static method on a class.
constructs a new classifier with the given pattern.
removes the safepoint in the first loop in the given graph.
binds an item to the view.
add two numbers of the same length and different signs.
adds a new entry to the histogram with the given min / max values.
method to return a new date instance which is exactly numdays days before the specified date instance
returns the number of elements in the cache that can be evicted.
calls the super method and writes the conservative approximation of the conservative approximation
puts the given data object into the heap and increases the size of the heap.
paints this widget. paints the focused border if it's a border.
adds a label and a field to the panel.
called when the track point is started.
combine a list of byte [ ] into a single byte [ ].
commit the changes in the specified resources to the associated providers.
returns true if the grid can be spawned in a certain amount of time.
returns true if this id is equal to the given object.
returns true if the playerident is equal to compareto.
adds a new name / value pair without both names and values.
returns a string containing the set of instances without the header.
returns true if the given value should be always non - null.
removes the item at the specified position in the list.
constructs a new amclass object.
returns true if this gesture has been marked as being consumed by the user.
initializes a layer with nodes of the given node type.
returns the angle in radians between the y - axis and x - axis.
fire that a neuron has been moved.
creates a certificate from a byte array.
handles a selection event from within the tap view.
parse the termsack document.
formats the given value with the given string of parameters.
sets the server address of the server to be used for requests to the gemfire servers.
executes a count query and returns a responsepacket with the count of the rows.
determines the confidence value based on the current record count and base count.
add a name / value pair to the array of name / value pairs.
creates a data source from an input stream.
converts a date / time string to a date / time string with the specified pattern.
add a new limit line to the limit list.
readdata - - read the function and data values of this entry from the datainput d
read some bytes from the buffer to the buffer, and advance the read position to the next
inflate the current byte array from the previous byte array and store the result in the
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list.
add legends to the graph.
fetches the table metadata from the database and stores it in the tableevent.
returns a string of the base64 encoding of this url.
reads bytes from the underlying stream.
flush the log records to disk.
creates a button containing a list of pages and a manualtype.
and for two positive numbers ; the first is longer.
creates a list of steps to create a new exportmask workflow for the initiator of the export
compares two percent objects.
converts an object key to a uri that can be used as a key in the edge
reads a 16 - bit value from the dex file.
loads the projects assigned to the address space.
performs a syllabify operation on a phonetic string.
removes the node at the head of the frontier and sets the explored flag to
returns true if the given path represents a file, false otherwise.
compares this name to the specified object, and returns true if they are equal.
creates a new instance of zookeeperembedded.
creates a new basic condition with the specified variable and value.
reads all stopword names from the given path and returns a set of their matching stopwords
returns a string representation of this object.
indicate that the barrier is no longer in progress.
filter points with the douglas - peuker filter.
sends a syslog event to the callback.
writes the stack trace of the given throwable to the given stream.
creates a new instance of the distributedlogmultistreamwriter builder.
converts a number to a string.
constructs an imageelement with the specified ad id.
creates a new threadregistervalues object that contains the values for all of the specified registers.
sets the configuration parameters to be used in the launcher discovery service.
returns true if the trigger button has been clicked.
inserts all of the elements in the specified array into this list, starting at the specified
calculates the score for a given set of play counts.
remove a scanning callback.
paints a rectangle on the graphics object.
return the probe's next acquire / released value.
is a page break point at a given row?.
shuts down the executor service.
returns true if the character is a syntactically valid proposition symbol identifier.
prints a zdiagmat in default e format.
returns the index of the first occurrance of the pattern string in the text string.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
returns a printable representation of the specified array of indices.
truncates the string to the given length.
clear the transactions from the height of the unspent transactions, and remove all the transactions that
loads the groovy script.
sets the new dirty region to the location of the given event.
constructs a sort by comparing the given fields with the order of the fields.
returns true if this path has reached the end of the path and has been successful.
start the service for locating the phone.
deletes the resource configuration for the specified resource type from the specified resource configuration directory.
constructs a new busmovement instance.
removes the oldest file from lastusagedates and returns the size of the next file.
creates the gui of the panel.
generates a random float between two limits.
this constructs an instance. <! - - begin - user - doc - - > <
adds a tracer to the set of tracers that are interested in the output.
grows the size of this cache's entries array to be large enough to hold all
increases the current value by the given value, and decrements the current value if
tests events that occur in the same time on an empty region with no events will occur on
creates an empty graph with no nodes.
trims out the last element from the given api version string.
query the inventory purchased purchases, and optionally the sku details.
calculate raw scores for an incoming object, and add it to mrawscores.
reads the given file as a string.
constructs a new bayes estimator editor from an embayes estimator wrapper.
saves the current data to the disk.
converts a map into an xml serializer, and calls the given callback when it is finished
returns true if the given index is a preloaded key or false if there isn't
generate a challenge token for a given socket address.
for every instruction in the basic block that conforms to the given ir, perform the step
attempts to run the task with retries and retries the task if the maximum number of attempts exceeded
returns a copy of this value, if this is a collection, or an instance of an
removes the interrupt request from the interrupt request queue.
called when the heatmap is unable to be used.
inflates the drawable with the given id.
returns the offset of the given field in the object.
add an annotation at ( x, y ).
writes a byte array to the file at the given offset.
creates a concatenation of the iv and the ciphertext.
sets the new timestamp to the given value, but only if the value is greater than the
constructs a material package from a list of generic tracks.
returns an edge whose coordinates are in the same direction as p_0 and p_1
acquires the probability of the sequences in the given string.
resolves an issue. if the issue is active, it will be removed from the list
decodes a base64 string into a byte array.
test to see if there is a database object in the database pool at the given url.
aggregates the data set based on the given value.
returns whether or not an entity with the specified name has been unparsed.
flushes this stream. this method does nothing if any buffered data has been written to this
encodes the given text as utf - 8 and encodes it as a url encoded string.
hides the popup when the focus is lost, or hides the popup if the popup
add a request property to the list of properties to be used in the outgoing message.
executes the given task in this executor and removes the task from this executor's queue
serialize a value to a bytebuffer.
loads all the submissions for the specified users.
returns true or false if the given string is not a valid bit.
returns true if there is another record in the file at the current position.
returns the composition of a component between a and b, scaled by dimming factor.
writes the contents of this buffer to the specified output stream.
removes a listener from the list of listeners who will be notified when a tree changes.
constructs a new instance of uri, based on the specified name.
adds a view to the stream.
read the bytes from the recorder and write them to the buffer.
clears all the candies stored in this store and clears the candies list store.
returns a hash code value for the object.
adds a new parse template to the list of templates that should be used in the generated code
attach image to camera ( if there is a shooted picture ).
returns the minimum value of two values, ignoring any values that are nan.
this method is called before the service is registered.
helper method to match a string against a regular expression and return the first group that matches.
generates the source form for an annotation value.
allocates a new byte buffer with the given capacity and order set to little - endian.
adds a new value to the chart at the specified position ( x, y ).
validates that the collection attribute is valid for all rest methods.
writes a null - terminated string to the buffer, at the current position.
an external entity declaration.
sets the alpha value of the alpha attribute.
creates a class descriptor from a field signature.
validates a getservicetickresponse object, raising an exception if the response reflect
schedule the given task for the specified delay.
fills an ellipse centered on ( x, y ) centered on ( semi - major
swap the current cursor in the alphabet, and return the newly swapped cursor.
locks the flush lock.
returns true if the class can be randomized. primitive and wrapper classes can be randomized
generates the native guid format : < devicetype > < serialnumber > < devicetype
parses and validates the supplied secret keys string.
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster.
sorts the children of a node based on its type and adds them to the parent node
returns a random integer from a poisson distribution with mean & lambda ;.
returns true if the sound with the given identifier is available in the builtin sound list.
iterate through all the serializers in the set.
validates the key portion of the object name, and throws an exception if key part is
returns true if the server is in shutdown mode, false if it is in shutdown mode.
this method is called when the class loader is initialized.
draws an indeterminate arc if the current dash mode is download.
formats a date / time value using the specified date / time format and time zone.
decode a base 64 encoded byte array.
constructs a message digest with the specified algorithm.
sorts an array of integers in increasing order and merges the array with the larger array.
copy access control levels from this instance to the target list.
write the contents of a byte buffer to the buffer, increiding by the number of bytes
handle an avs response.
requests the follower / subscriber / follower information for the given stream.
removes the given view from the view hierarchy if it is marked as hidden.
consumes a single character from the queue.
populates a region with a single byte [ ] for 1 kb write.
serialize the suite. this must be called before any test or test suite root objects have been
this method is invoked when a rollbacked exception is raised.
parses the xgrav and ygrav attributes of a geometry string.
write the data to the socket, and return true if there is something to do.
searches in this vector for the index of the specified object.
returns true if there is something to undo, or false if there is nothing to undo.
calculates the destination for the given uxf and applies it to the provided referencingcompilation
this method cannot be called directly. it should never be called directly. < p >.
invoked when a mouse button has been pressed on a component.
updates the visible tab ids according to the given priority list.
this method is used to walk the graph to find the node with the unique unique identifier.
shows the previous notification ( if there is one ).
calls the super method and writes the state of the object to the specified stream.
adds an input node to the list of input nodes.
initializes the postgres driver with the given configuration.
register an object to be read from this stream.
add an extension header.
merges the values in this frame with the values contained in the given frame.
run keytool with command line arguments.
snaps the views to a new position in the fast scroll animation.
update property to test value.
unassigns services from an entity.
expand the cluster by adding a point to the neighbors of the given cluster.
getfloatarrayelements : get all the elements of a float array.
prepares transfer buffers for use in transferring to the device.
output the left and right buffers, but only if there are no more than one full line
add a new payment to the system.
register all namespaces that have been unregistered from the extension handler.
removes all objects from the list.
deletes the display name of a existing user.
creates a new type from the given ast and variable declaration.
closes this cache and deletes all of it's contents.
waits for iterators to be cleared in a given amount of time.
adds a lifecycle listener.
find the first path that encloses the given full path.
destroy the volume. if force is set to true, all volumes will be removed from the
stacks a spline defined by p at all npoints of the given array of points
returns true if the cool down setting is valid.
converts the given megabytes to the number of bytes required to encode this file
generates a name for the clone of the zoneset.
writes the given signature block to the specified output stream.
build the select query for the table with the given parameters.
called when a new animation should be shown.
returns true if the given key is a uri key.
receives bytes from the device.
adds the given ofchannelhandler to the list of the connected channel handlers, and sends the
sends an array of bytes to the client.
creates a new arraylist containing all of the elements in the specified collection.
converts an http entity to a byte [ ].
adds a new argument to the tail of the argument list.
constructs a new uri with the specified namespace.
calculates the coefficients of the variogram on the points represented by a kriging
deserializes an object from a file.
returns true if the segment name is a merged segment name.
generates a pbe cipher parameters object from a password specification and a key size.
adds a list of emojicon group entitieie.
updates the cumulative cumulative statistics and periodically measures the number of instances that have been sampled since the
returns true if the given path matches any of the include matchers.
generates a number of units and returns them as an arraylist of mechsummary.
returns a new automaton that combines the given automaton into a new automaton.
responds to changes in the contents of the list.
creates the partitioned splits array from the hash values array.
reads the property from a safe serialization format.
javax. net. ssl. sslsocket # sslsocket ( inetaddress address,
converts a user input string into a full path to the user's home directory.
generate a resize stamp for a table of size " n ".
read a single byte from the input stream.
creates an okm key from the passed in ikm, salt and info.
returns true if the emote is in the ignored list.
returns true if the given property name is allowed to be added to the list of allowed properties
reads a xml file and creates a roster for the file.
create a zero from a sign and an array of zero bytes.
accepts a new file descriptor and sends it to the listener.
transcode a svg file using the specified transcoder.
report download progress. if progress is too far in the future, the service will be notified
returns a new empty dom4j document.
set the grain for a sascore.
handles add request handler request.
draws a data point at ( x, y, size ) and at ( x,
writes out a chunk of data from a set, using a heapdataoutputstream.
parses the meta data information and returns the column names used as attribute column names.
finds the field with the given name in the class inheritance hierarchy of the given instance.
create a sslsession object from raw data.
add the dump file to the list of dump files.
appends a date or time by ordinal, or appends an empty date or time if it
checks if the given page number is in the range of the sequence.
dispose - free resources.
convert a collection of dimensionalitemobject to a list of type t.
returns a map of aliases for the given data source.
adds a new table with the given name, tdefpagenumber, type, linked db
removes the given listener from the list of listeners.
add all views to the scrap heap.
initiate the open of the window.
schedule the specified task for execution with the specified classloader.
calculates a hashcode based on a two - dimensional identity hash value and two - dimensional objects
parses a comma - separated double vector string and returns an array of doubles.
returns a string describing this object.
returns a stream that contains all the elements of the first stream, followed by all the elements
this method is used to iterate over all the elements of the list and initialize itself.
decodes a data source xml document into a data source properties object.
returns the next character in the document, advancing the position by one.
adjusts the heights of the rows and columns of the table to fit the current table.
return a list of uris that can be removed from the volume table.
parses the format specifier and returns an array of format strings.
enable / disable the index columns buttons depending on the selected columns.
return a url for a certain number of poi items in the bonus pack.
waits for decoding to complete.
converts a string from the wiki format to a plain - text string.
update the digest using an array of bytes.
create a packed params value for use in an sg2d context.
executes the given sql statement with arguments and returns the number of rows affected.
returns true if this instance is a lock subject.
returns a hash code value for this object.
add an action to the list of actions.
displays the specified file or throws an exception if the file could not be found.
stores the latitude / longitude in preferences for later storing it in the database.
get the best best value ( if there is one ), or null if there is none
returns true if the specified object is equal to this list.
converts a row from a jsonarrayobject to a csv string.
removes a table from the database.
returns true if the given category is in the set of hidden bug categories, false otherwise.
determines if a volume is a full copy source volume.
verifies that two linear regression models contain the same coefficients, each other containing the same values
checks if the user has permission to perform an entity maint action.
test that the quorum succeed with a callback result and a non - exceptional result.
request a set of permissions after a explanation.
pauses thread for the specified duration.
prints a line - separated string to this output stream and then terminates the line.
reads characters into an array of characters.
reads a single byte from the stream and returns it as an integer.
callbooleanmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a boolean value.
returns true if or for program blocks contains the given variable name in the right - hand side
creates a projectimporter with the given root folder.
sorted doubles can be sorted in ascending order. < p / > sorted doubles are sorted
returns true if the given class is registered in the registry, false otherwise.
returns a new instance of the class with the specified name, if it can be found.
waits for all operations in the operator to complete.
tests if all components of the test geometry are in the exterior of the target geometry.
creates an xform submission and saves the result in a temporary file.
constructs an instance of an endpoint with a set of security modes for the given endpointurl
parses a value from the current token position in the stream.
constructs a time series collection with a default time zone.
returns a list containing the specified elements.
allocates at least the given size of the array and resizes the array as needed.
adds an attribute with the given name and value.
create a directory on a container.
fills an array of ellipse with the given color and fills it with p_transluc
zoom the domain axis by the given factor.
refreshes the due challenge counts based on the categories of the due challenge logic.
create an identity with the specified dimension.
converts an awt image to a swt image.
returns true if unlimited strength policy is available.
the rss limit in bytes of the process's current process's current process's
adds the totals for this column.
fill a string buffer with the elements of a stack trace.
indicates whether this midi file writer support the midi file type specified by filetype
makes the object immutable.
return a uniform number uniformly distributed within the range [ 0, 1 ].
creates a new instance of this class.
atomically sets the worker count to the given value and returns true if the worker count was
make the items at the given finger position.
returns true if path is a path to a path / windows / path.
process an attribute string of type t_char into a character value.
creates a new child element with the given name and appends it to the element's child
is segment balanced. segment balanced is defined as " balanced " in xml.
parses a list of attributes and returns an instance of attributes.
read a binary file.
java. util. streamapi # solution ( java. lang. string, java. lang
add a term to this split condition.
this method is called when the threshold has been reached.
removes an interval of index0, index1, and updates the lead and anchor indices
rebuilds the event list and fills it with the current list of active events.
returns a new instance of the disk store factory.
deletes all subdirectories under the given root directory and all files under it. returns true if
writes the specified number of bytes to this output stream and increases the number of bytes written
marks a rop register as reserved for the given category.
register the default resource resolvers.
attempts to process an authentication response, based on the status code of the returned status code.
adds the specified byte array to the list of available byte arrays.
constructs a new instance of the pipeline.
initializes the list of acceptable methods.
locks the order and returns true if the order was added to the active orders list.
writes the data from the buffer into the rtp packet.
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer.
removes the users from the dev name map and sets the corresponding user name to the new
creates a new instance of jdbcdata that can be used to load data for a table.
stores the exception's stack at the given offset in the exception's stack.
instantiates a new elf timestamp generator.
reads the data from the given url.
checks the current recurrence against the recurrence rules and checks the recurrence rules against the given check time
initialize a new network with random id.
converts a number of kilobytes to a string of kiloby
creates a pendingintent instance for the given pending intent class name.
returns true if this method is a static method.
string. from ( ) - > string. cache ( ). from ( ) - >
unify line separators in a string.
decrypts the given password using the aes - cbc key algorithm.
sets the switch configuration for one or more platforms.
fills the selection based on the contents of the left and right child views.
finds the field of the class with the given name in the class inheritance hierarchy.
calculates the next break position in the token list, assuming the token list is not part
returns a copy of this simplex in the right - to - left direction.
inject inject content into a temporary file and move it to the new file.
returns true if the specified charsequence is null or 0 - length.
parses a settings string value as a boolean value or a default value if the setting is
notify this object that it has been deregistered as a result of a disconnection.
the code that does the real work of looking for the given template.
generates a key that can be used as a key in the oracle.
get a deep copy of the elements of the array.
deletes the file or folder at the given path if it is in the target directory.
initialize the regular expression with the pattern template and add the regular expressions to the pattern list.
add a new line to the printwriter.
update the list of attachment points to match the current list of existing attachmentpoints.
removes the soft wrappers starting from the given offset.
formats a double in dps as a string.
truncates the string to the given length.
returns a sub - set of the specified sorted set between start ( inclusive ) and end (
check if the legion is disbanding and if the legion is disband,
update the tuple with the values of the field in the given table.
iterates from this number down to the given number, inclusive, decrementing by one each
parses a dom element to construct this object.
fully read from the input stream, returning the number of bytes read, or - 1 if
inserts the fullscreeninfo object into the given list.
create an inputstream from a string.
adds the specified item at the end of the list.
copies acl from original acl to new acl.
parse the input source of a list of resources.
deletes all entitlements of a existing user.
this method is used to incorporate the signedproperties element in the xml document.
create the channel selection for the specified contrast enhancement method.
compute the mean of all elements in the array according to the specified indices.
returns the current depth of the tree.
run the comparison test based on the supplied properties.
import a file. if file selection is approve, the file will be read from the
returns list of file cos ids.
monitor a task in the queue of tasks to be run on the monitor thread.
inserts a new child node into the given parent at the given index.
return the probe's probe's next sample.
writes a file with the given list of lines.
verifies that the auth tag associated with the specified chunk id matches the stored auth tag.
guess the mime - type from the file's file extension.
register a binder for the given method.
parses the route file and returns the corresponding dom document.
removes a dted directory handler from the list of dted directories that this dted
adds a file to a content provider.
reads the next token from the input stream and parses it as a lookahead symbol.
returns a new vector with the values of the original array split from the given limit.
writes the header for the zones parcels file.
called when the dialog has been reset.
adds a new task to be run on the next tick.
replaces all occurrences of the given regular expression with the given replacement.
migrates all entities in the repository.
puts a new string into the map if the old string is different from the new string,
called when a child thread begins its life cycle.
the graphical representation of the labels on the x axis.
converts the byte array to a base64 string using the default character encoding.
compares this rule for equality with an arbitrary object.
creates a new instance of elsaserializer pojo that contains all the elements of this pojo.
loads a binary file from the given input stream.
returns true if the given type is a two - slot type.
sets the sections for all specification sections that should be included in the generated bytecode.
consumes the crlf character.
process logout request. returns session id if successfully logouted, otherwise returns null.
returns true if this object is equal to another object.
accept a file for processing.
adds option name / value pairs to a list of options.
checks the current activity reference and throws an exception if it cannot be found.
start the timer. this method can be called multiple times. this method is intended to be
returns true if the url is a landing page, and false if it isn't
writes the row count definitions for the given table creator.
sends a string to the client.
initialize the scheduled tasks to update the state of the token management service.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid ; or null if its not found.
returns a string representation of this object.
utility method for getting the path part of a file name.
signs the given content and writes it to the file.
checks if the next item in the buffer matches the given string.
deserializes an object from the given bytes using the given class loader.
constructs an interval using the specified start interval date time and the specified coverage factor.
checks if the value of the key in the dictionary is true ( true ) or not.
constructs a new shoppingcartitem.
binds the given outputstream to the current thread's output stream.
this method initializes the mapview with current image size and translate the map view to the new
sample a skew of a normal distribution with the given size and momentum.
extracts a span from the given spans, starting at the given start position and ending at
method to be called when the operator chain length has been reached and the operator execution has been
returns true if the timer has a delay ( in milliseconds ), or false if it has
space handling attributes have been pushed onto the spacepreservestack.
called when the menu is being closed.
constructs an inputstreamreader that uses the specified encoding as defined in rfc 2616.
called when a message is delivered to the proton server.
decodes an abstractmessage and returns it as a string.
reclassifies the example by reclassifying all the rules that have the same class
returns a hash code value for this object.
creates a clone of this iterator.
constructs a new instance of this class.
returns true if the given key chain contains the private key of the given key.
adds the given byte array to the end of the program.
set the thetas of all planes.
write the users and groups to the configuration file.
returns the string representation of the double argument.
decodes a hanzi encoded segment into a string.
create a record with the given name, address, class, and metadata.
constructs a new instance of this class.
finds the audio bytes for a given input text.
adds a new condition to the list of conditions.
reads the remaining bytes of a byte buffer into a byte array.
finds the package and class name of the input file.
log a message and its stack trace if debug is on or off.
returns a list of rp protected target virtual pool uris.
constructs a new instance of this class and initialized with the data from the specified file.
returns the cardinality of the set.
escapes literal's characters so that it can be used as part of the literal string
converts a cookie uri into a uri that can be used to reference the cookie.
send a message to log. level_info. if the log level is set to debug
add value to source list if source list is not null and value is not null.
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog.
prints the string representation of a long field.
substitutes a substring with another string.
removes the given listener from the list of listeners.
start the background thread that processes config messages until the stop signal is received or the background thread
clamp the mag value to the given range.
read an instance of this class from a stream.
gets the block index of the operand at the given sources index.
creates a new lockable file writer.
appends the program description to the wrapping string builder.
decodes a base64 string using the default character encoding options for the platform.
returns the url of a file or a file if it's a file.
parses a value out of a query string.
converts all characters in a string to upper case.
update the list of built - in environment variables.
creates a new class for each character in the given string.
notifies the gateway that a timestamp has been updated in the partitionedregion.
returns the next token that matches the given regular expression and moves the tokenizer to the next match
removes a node from the list of service nodes.
returns the contents of this response as a string using the character encoding specified in the response
sends a random key to the handshake server and processes the response.
assigns the given value to the current min value if the current min is - 1.
emits the output until the specified number of tasks have been written or the queue is empty
x rotates around the z axis, x, y, zx, yy,
this method should not be called directly.
scales a rectangle about the center of the rectangle.
parses an array of unprintable extension codes as an unprintable extension.
determines the height of this view.
returns true if the given uri is null, or false if it is a null uri.
updates the pending list to reflect the current state of the current download task.
limit a value to a range [ startvalue, endvalue ).
create a new title for the plugin.
returns true if the network is connected or false if the network is not connected.
delete a data item from the adapter.
calculates the graident channel from the source channel to the destination channel.
add a start - up listener.
closes the given resource without throwing an exception if it fails to close the underlying resource.
runs the task pool and returns a completablefuture that will be cancelled when the task pool
creates a des key instance from the given key material.
throws an exception if the given type is not recognized by this class.
create a new jsoutput for the given module.
returns a string containing the text of each of the elements in this set of matched elements.
add a new line to the list of lines.
constructs a string from a stringbuffer.
returns the size of the set.
executes the specified command line in the current working directory, and blocks until the command line
creates a new instance of libertymanagerclient.
verifies the compliance attributes of the user.
updates the zoning map in the given unmanaged export mask.
wait for the invitation to answer, and block until the invitation has been answered.
x - prime ( t - i ).
returns the number of elements in the list.
java. math. mathcontext # round ( mathcontext ) java. math. bigdecimal
removes words less than the minimum frequency, and removes words with less than the threshold
return a public key selector of the given type.
generates a sortedmap of tag name - > tag value pairs.
describe a shape in a human - readable format.
returns the shortened name of the class with the given name.
adds a graphic to the end of the list of graphic objects.
return a string representation of this instance.
performs the flip operation for the x11 component.
adds a property to this restriction.
initialises a google analytics instance.
this method is called when the player has moved in the middle of a new turn.
constructs a new id from the given input stream.
called by the sax parser when an element has been consumed.
add a finally block to the bytecode output, at the end of the return list.
return the next meta tag, token, or false if there are no more meta tags.
serializes a collection into a json string, replacing null values with commas.
read color table as 32 - bit integer values.
sets the last modified time to the current system time.
adds a private key to a keystore.
returns true if the file needs to be reloaded.
creates a new instance of a putrepositoryrequest that represents a definition of a source repository.
disables all the buttons in the buttons list.
returns true if the given string is an additive number.
write a string to the log.
adds a nodeport to the quarantine queue.
this method will be used to create the sortindex and sortindexinverselowmodel
add a feature from the json node.
creates a new bitstring with the length of the given value.
sort the individuals using the specified comparator.
writes the string representation of this object to the specified writer.
creates a new instance of safeasynctask with the default executor.
returns true if the given method is a cglib renamed method.
creates a new instance of pwerrordetail.
returns a new array containing the union of the given arrays.
returns true if the window is showing and the window is in a state change.
perform the xpath and return the number of nodes that return the result.
returns the largest ( top ) n values in the time series.
grab the class name from a method signature.
constructs a time series metric delta set from a stream of metric values.
returns the number of nodes in the path.
returns the next element from the iteration.
escape bytes. < br > < p / > < p / > < p / >
repeat all given times.
rename all the classnames in this class.
handles save button request.
creates new exception with given throwable as a nested cause and source of error message.
calculates the euclidean distance between this point and itself.
called when the test suite is finished, and when all tests have been run, the test
get the challenges as a list of challenges defined in the response.
serializes the ssl session into a byte array.
instantiates a new mersenne_twister instance.
verifies that the certificate's date matches the timestamp specified in the certificate's
encrypt a password using a sha - 256 hash algorithm.
return the number of rows in the table.
converts a byte array to hexadecimal string.
writes a checked proto message to a byte array containing the checksum of the message.
reduce the size of the icon to the provided width and height and return the new scale.
installs a sound with the given identifier from the given input stream.
counts the number of pages matching the given template fragments.
finds the index of the given name in the given table, or - 1 if not
scores the tracks based on the query.
returns the current time in nanoseconds since 1970 - 01 - 01.
encodes a latitude / longitude pair into a byte array that can be used as part of
stores long value into object obj at offset off, must be non - null.
runs a list of commands in a separate shell.
draws a circle of size r, centered on ( x, y ).
prints a double followed by a newline.
write a 16 bit unsigned value to the out stream.
converts a byte sequence into its equivalent string representation.
adds a buttonpressedlistener to the listener list.
dispose - free resources. - unbind - unbind - service - unbind - service - unbind
fills in the xmlattributes object for the attribute at the given index.
create a property gui for the given propertyconsumer.
copy a file to the output stream, starting at the offset specified by the offset argument.
deserializes the kdbheader from the given datainput.
runs the test case.
indicates whether all permissions have been granted to the user or not.
fetches a charset from the charset cache for a given client, or null if not found
paints a single layer at a given offset in a given view.
adds a piloting roll to the piloting roll list.
processes the add - on dependency changes.
recalculates the parent color from the ui default parent color name and adds offsets to the
converts an oid array to a string representation.
this method is invoked when the thread pool is idle.
adds a new cached span to the list of cached spans for this key.
compares this uri with an arbitrary object.
recalculates the repaint of all the components in the panel.
validates that the dns name does not start with a'*'or'* '
reads a comment string from the input string at the specified index in the input string.
returns the index of the next occurrence of the separator character and appends it to the string builder
try to guess the content - type of a given url.
extracts the last token from a csv output string.
connects the log writer to the underlying log writer.
returns true if the http cache header should be validated.
get the active ivr zoneset, or null if none.
returns an empty immutable array.
replaces the non - optional nodes with the provided ordered list of non - minus nodes.
returns a string representation of the accountable object.
returns a hash code value for this object.
deletes an existing typevertex ( struct, trait, or class vertex ).
reads the contents of a reader into a list, one line at a time.
adds cache context. if cache context already exists, an exception is thrown.
returns true if the given annotatedmethod is a cglib get callbacks method.
compares the name of this media type with the other namedmediatype.
returns true if any of the dependencies in this dependency list have been modified.
create a new empty replacedelement with an image that will be replaced with the given css width
returns true if the given version is greater than the current version.
creates a jdbc data source from the given properties.
returns an unmodifiable set of the locations assigned to the specified object.
scrolls to the center of the current item.
adds a meta object to the list of meta objects in this meta object.
removes the first occurrence of the given word from the set.
multiply two negative numbers of the same length.
adds an item to be shown in the recent menu.
invokeall ( empty collection ) returns an empty collection.
adds a package to the list of packages to be used in the configuration.
closes this stream. this implementation closes the stream and releases any system resources associated with the
creates the volume and blockmirrors data.
start the coap server. if there are no coap server already running, it will
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other
this method is called when an exception is caught in the session. this method should be
clears the result text from the text area of the text area of the text field.
converts a collection of objects to a comma - separated list of strings.
returns the value between min and max.
replaces all the occurrences of a string in a buffer with a string of the form "
looks up a qual selector in an xmlarraynode.
this is used to determine if multiple frames are allowed for the given frame id.
parse the configuration from the specified xml file.
create an rpf file, and write it to the specified output file.
posts an event to the queue of events to be processed and dispatched to the listeners.
choose a server alias for a given key type and list of issuers on a given socket
writes the image to a temporary file and adds the scan file to the end of the process
constructs a new pathhandler for the given path.
load the next line of input from the reader.
load the ignore file from the src folder, and load the default exclude pattern if the file
removes the given argument from the argument list.
returns true if the string argument looks like one of the supported types.
constructs a new pkcattribute from a pkcattribute.
creates a new note in the database.
verify that the transaction ids in the given messages don't belong to any other peer.
adds the given node as the next node to the list of next nodes.
handle a config change event.
see the general contract of the readutf method of datainput.
add an integer to a linkedlist.
resets the internal state of the grid tops and bottoms arrays, so we can
tests the next token, and returns a string containing the type and content.
returns the repaint manager for the given component, if any, or null if no manager is
determines if the port number is a recoverpointinitiator.
is wfxml ( ) or is it's a wfxml ( ) instance.
send the buffer to the output stream.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end -
removes a wheel clicking listener.
adds the given section to the list of sections.
calculates the preferred wrap position for a given range of input text.
add all the elements of the specified vector to this vector, expanding the capacity of the vector
reads all data from the input stream to the output stream.
add a new rule to the list of rules that will be matched based on the given expression
validates the number entered by the user and returns true if the number can be parsed.
sends a message to the worker threads until stopcount is reached.
converts a comma - separated list of strings into an arraylist.
picks the charset to use, or the system property'charset'if it's
convert a positive bigdecimal to an engineering string.
removes all elements from this vector and sets the corresponding value to null.
adds a layer to the map.
read the rules from the given reader.
applies the given updates to the managed data and returns the updated data.
writes a portion of an array of a character array.
parses an episode file name and returns an episodes matching the file name.
create an array creation.
fire an sparql event to all registered sparql listeners.
sets the preference type.
expungeexpungeremoves stale entries from the table.
returns true if the specified text is a valid numeric value.
returns true if the given type is a character type.
creates a key from its encoded form.
convert a java. util. calendar to a java. util. date.
returns whether or not this client is being used for authentication. < p >.
creates the panel with the imagefilename and openimagefile function.
writes a line of text to the writer.
return the child at the given index.
checks if the current security context has permission to modify the thread.
returns a function that can be used to construct values in a query.
removes all quotes from the given string and returns the result in a new string.
returns true if the given attribute is a namespace name and is defined in the given serializer.
a cloned copy of the element is not notified of shallow clones.
creates a new dnetscapecertificaterenewalurl dialog.
returns the last index of the first occurrence of the specified element in the array, or -
create a new floatcolumncolumn with the specified default value if there is no default value set
read a project file.
purges one key from the queue and removes it from the super map.
checks whether the user has permission'convertermanager.
compares this artifact coordinates for equality with the specified object.
throws illegalargumentexception if matrix b's dimensions are not the same.
import data from a change into this entry.
returns the printwriter's line - file - out method for the given document.
constructs a new fuzzy query with the given text and fuzziness.
constructs a call chain info object.
starts the playback. if the player hasn't started it, it will start it.
throws an exception if the string is null or is empty.
resets the current thread context.
converts the given object to the list of parameter values that can be used as parameter values
logs out the user with the given username.
creates the operation to update or create a network interface.
creates a new instance of codesourcefacade.
create a new jdpbroadcaster.
close the rrd file.
rotates vector based on a given degree ( degree = % - degree ) in radian
gets the content at the given uri as a utf - 8 string using the specified encoding.
adds a mapping from the specified fieldnumber to the specified data, replacing the previous mapping if
creates and hides the empty border.
removes the filterprocessor for the given btxn name.
adds a new point to the set of observed points.
add tag id. if tag id is null, it will not be added.
allows the server to connect to a secure socket.
generates a list of executions ordered from the root to the leaf.
initializes all the parameters of the welch - tewel algorithm.
recursively builds an ast expression string from the given ast node and all its children.
initialize the internal frame menu buttons.
return a new workflow. method for restoring a set of uris from a clone.
remove a data source listener.
return a string of the given length from the right of the given string.
sets the name of all unoccupied blocks to " 0 " in all entries blocks
unserialize the object from the given data object.
below method will be called when the grid is being stopped. this method can be called multiple
push a folder name onto the top of the stack of template folders to be used for the
prints the depth - first child nodes of this node as a multi - line string.
adds an event to the simulation, if it's time is greater than the maximum time
create a new instance of dbschemaej generator for the given schemaelement.
initializes the puzzle board according to the initconf parameter of the puzzle board.
called when a scan is successfully opened.
adds the given primitive to the abbreviation map.
initialize the entity type and image map.
locate and return the replicator's home directory.
creates a new string data object.
writes repeated sqr values to the output stream.
appends the string representation of the float argument to this string buffer.
opens the given file on the current operating system.
checks the destination for the given track and returns a string describing the status of the track.
closes the underlying stream, flushing any buffered data, and closing the underlying stream.
normalize a path by removing leading and trailing ". " and trailing " / " elements.
returns the random number generator used by the random number generator implementation in the lucene test case
records a new deployment and returns it as a string.
this method is called before the bundle is started.
this method is invoked when the dlsn value has been successfully received from dlsn
shuts down the mysql cleanup thread.
write the contents of the buffer to the output stream.
parses the given string using the given template and returns the result as a string.
this method is invoked by the parser when a new tag is being created, and when a
writes an image file with the given exif data.
checks to see if there are any image servers that can be used on the server.
returns the current time in nanoseconds since january 1, 1970, in nan
removes the specified file extension from the list of extensions.
returns the suballocated namespace declarationset elements at the given node index.
registers an observer that will be notified of changes to this object's data.
computes the euclidean distance of the i - th entry of k to the k -
format the pattern and return the result as a stringbuffer.
adds a key - value mapping to the keyword - - key - - - mapping table.
releases the given object's object's field and decrements the reference count by 1
converts a list of dashboard objects to dtos.
utility method for creating threadpool and commonpool if commonpool is set to commonpool
adds a group properties listener.
edits a global function comment.
clears all currently stored sessions.
returns true if the entry exists in the persistent object.
unpacks and returns a character - value - pair map.
this method is called by native code to initialize the native environment.
calculates a hashcode for a wrapper name. < br > if xn is empty,
description of the method.
returns true if the value associated with the key is a string.
create multiple pr for each region in the vmlist. the pr for each region is
instantiates a new matrix with the diagonal of the specified k - th diagonal matrix.
checks whether the ant's version class is available and if so, stores it in the
build the network from the base neuron.
returns true if the two characters sequences are equal, or false if they are neither of the
divide zero by a number.
returns an enumeration describing the names of all the productions in this grammar.
adds the given ast as a tight source range node.
returns true if the event is disabled.
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog.
transforms an array of points without touching the polygon.
converts an escaped version of a function into the given escaped version of the function.
returns a string representation of this object.
add a ims session listener.
converts a time stamp to a path ( example : january - 1, 05
prints the given user message.
connects the underlying socket to the specified address and port.
returns true if the string is a valid access modifier string.
handles a failed append request.
selects the preview size that is closest to the desired width and height.
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects.
decodes the given utf - 8 encoded string into its original string.
converts all of the attribute names in the map to lower case.
writes the visible and invisible annotations to the given visitor.
convenience method to create a list from passed objx and objy parameters.
reads the next part of the file.
returns true if the multi - line tab is present, and false otherwise.
computes the standard deviation of the parameters and sets m to be the value greater than the
translate the data type name from the source vendor name to the target vendor name.
find the minimum of all elements in the array, ignoring elements that are nan.
moves the selected item down by one.
creates a new jar with the given backing file.
returns a list of runnable objects that should be shut down when this executor is shut down
convert a collection of file paths to a list of absolute paths relative to a given root.
handles unlock or install depending on the current state of the key store.
if recurrence starts on a weekly day, adjust the start time to offset the next day
rounds the x, y, and z values of this vector3 up to the nearest integer
implements the abstract method simulatemethod.
removes elems from the frontier that are explored.
parse the attributes passed to the view from the xml.
concatenates 2 byte arrays.
assert no complete successfully or error signal has been received.
throws an exception if the given value is not a valid argument.
returns true if the specified calendar instance is before the current date and time, or false if
builds the login ui.
unmaps a volume from a scsi initiator.
returns the contents of this list as a collection, or null if this list is empty.
add a quarter arc to the path.
parses the given input content and fills the given block with the text nodes of the given
fills the specified byte array with random bytes starting at the specified offset, starting at the
removes all scanning callbacks.
reads a number of bytes from the input stream and writes them to the given buffer.
handles the creation of the manager bean.
checks that shape is different from old shape and that new shape is a child of current shape
returns true if the given file is visible, false otherwise.
appends the second array to the first array.
deletes the object. if the object does not exist, it will be created.
constructs a string from the specified subarray of bytes using the specified character encoding scheme.
initialize the search item set with the iters array, and return true if there are more
computes and returns the bounds of the editor.
implements the read method for stringbuffer, using the string class as the encoding type.
constructs a new cuboid.
computes the log marginal likelihood of a set of observed values according to a smoothed distribution.
returns true if the message is a new message.
installs the appropriate user agent and user agent string for this operating system.
writes double values from the given double array, starting from the specified offset, to the current
load the recipients from the addressmap.
returns true if the extension of the filename is the same as the file's extension.
sets the lock time to the current system time.
add a new instance of padstack to this instance.
initializes a new instance of this class.
the start of a content model section.
creates an omellipse with the given radius, units and number of corners.
creates an inputsource from a string.
get the root preference object for the root user.
converts a socket identifier into a string suitable for debugging purposes.
append a string onto the top of the stack.
read the contents of a file as a string.
converts x - coordinate to a value in the range of [ 0, 1 ].
constructs a new input object with the given name, type, and connection.
create a bshclassmanager for the given interpreter.
swap the buffers of the egl display object and return an error code if something bad happened
returns the last login time.
returns a stream of all words in the given text.
add an app to the adapter.
returns true if this matcher matches at least one of the given values.
removes the you tube markup from the plot.
creates a dashed - separated string from a list of dashes.
searches for the first pattern that matches the given pattern and returns the position of the first
looks for a file that starts with " gen " in the index directory that starts with
reads a line of text from the given input stream, using the given character encoding.
checks if the given table exists.
processes a colon. if there is no colon, it will try to read the domain name
determines whether the given sql script contains the given delimiters.
writes the given bytes to the given output stream.
establish an invariant that the quorum is not joined with the specified service.
encrypt an array of bytes, and write the result to out.
prints the specified value in the document.
adds the given connection groups to the parent group of the current group.
loads the shapes and boundaries of a given group from an input stream.
adds a new decoration to the list of decorations.
parses the current link title and returns the unescapped version of the title.
add a new value to the matrix.
closes this stream. if this stream is closed, it will no longer be used.
returns the number of elements in the list.
create a warning diagnostic.
creates a new destructurer.
handles delete request for sub - configuration button.
returns true if the connection is healthy, or false if there is no connection.
adds a column to the list at the given index.
initialize all components used in this popup window.
computes the norm of a vector.
force get value as string.
returns a hash code value for this instance.
this method converts maximal edge rings to minimal edge rings.
removes a listener on image sharing events.
update the file size to the last byte in the wave file.
writes the new journal to a file and updates the parcelfiledescriptor with the new journal
returns true if this string matches the given string.
called when the mouse button has been released on the component.
computes the maximum value of the class for each series using the specified percentage factor per series
adds a channel to the channel table.
joins an array of objects into a single string.
check if the given store trait is one of the traits in the set of traits.
create supply for this qty.
returns the number of parameters in this parameter definition.
load the values for this step from an xml node.
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value, replacing the previous mapping from the
readdata ( ) - read the object identifier from the input stream - - read the object
computes the dot product of this vector and the given dense vector.
emits code from the main subroutine of the current thread.
returns the square root of the standard deviation of the variance of the list.
trim the array to be at least as large as possible.
setbit ( int n ) outside zero.
compares a boolean value with a date.
decode the next solution set chunk.
constructs a new instance of udpsocket.
multiply all values in this map by the specified value by the specified multiply - by.
returns true if the level is less than the current log level, false if the level is
compute the children of the given folder.
quote a file name so that it can be used as part of a query.
reads data from the wire from the network.
clears all maps and notifies manager that memory usage has been reached.
removes an imageconsumer from the list of consumers interested in data for this image.
returns true if the navigation at the bottom is at the same width or if it's
update the aperture to the new value and reset the pendings heap.
builds an invocation and caches it in the invocation cache if necessary.
calculates and sets the mark attribute based on the passed and failed counts.
gcd : the first number is zero.
this test verifies that the king capture works as well as removing all other moves from the
validates a list of view parameters and evaluates each of the expressions.
parses a " relative directory " ( " / ", " / ", " <
returns the character encoding for the given input source, either " utf - 8 " or "
generates a url for the specified series and category.
returns true if the thread should expire in the idle state.
creates the menu. < button > sets the value of the menu to the default value.
decode the 64 - bit dode code.
creates a new script to run the test case.
return a random cauchy value.
add a job group to the list of job groups that will never be deleted.
prints the layout for the given workflow nodes.
receives a read request from the client and processes it.
adds a field to be used in the multi - match query.
writes the ntru polynomial to the given output stream, including the binary representation of the
signals that no acks have been received.
convert an int [ ] array to a string.
copy the source array to the target array, or create a new array if the target
computes the great circle distance between this location and another location.
parses the manifest at the given path, returning an empty list of inputsplits if no
this method will block until some data is available, or the end of the stream is reached
fire when an operator has been moved.
removes the i - th individuals from the list of individuals.
modifies the id of the base variable.
repeat the given string a given number of times.
waits for the state change to happen, or throws an interruption if the state
finds the node with the best path to solve in the given graph. < p >
creates a new instance of adduserfields.
parses an integer value from the given flags.
finds the bounds of the node with the given wf id.
stops all the threads that are in the specified list of workerthread objects.
returns a deep copy of this frame.
calculates the percentage of the state of a transition given a flapping state.
mangles a method's name and its parameter types.
saves the current state of the iterator to the previous saved one.
consumes a string from the queue, if there is a match for the specified sequence,
print out the list of defined ip addresses.
dispose codec, decoder, and out resources.
calculates the number of characters in the first character sequence that are not in the second.
parse an object from the source at the specified position.
returns a stream of the time series collections in the order in which they were collected.
register a modified file in the manifest and return the modified object if the file was loaded.
arranges the block in the given container with the given width and height at the same as
returns true if the content type of the message is the same as the specified content type.
generates a certificate based on the private / public key and the public / private key and
handles submit request. < p > if a button is pressed, the page will be submit
check all the dependencies of a module.
this method is called when the children of a bean have been removed from the beancontext.
ensures that the given directory can be written to.
returns a string representation of the time zone.
writes default serializable fields to an output stream.
reports the beginning of an entity.
returns true if the given name is a java keyword.
extracts the import url from the given matcher.
returns true if this collator is equal to that, or if that collator is equal
runs the test case.
renames the internal name of an object type to a name of an object type.
writes a list of file objects to an output xml element.
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog.
get a list of all the caches known to the user. < p >.
flatten a byte [ ] into an xmlserializer.
write the contents of a list of strings to a file.
cancel all requests with the given tag.
utility method to draw a snap horizontal margin at ( x1, y1 ) and
creates a subset of a record according to the subset schema.
queue a query operation for later execution.
interprets a string into a cell [ ].
applies the transform to the given shape and returns the new shape.
prints out the contents of this list, indenting by the given number of spaces.
initializes the gui. this method is called when the user wants to create a new panel
performs an ocsp revocation check for a given certificate and issuer certificate.
returns the composite type for the given alphacompositetype.
removes the specified icon from the list of tracking icons.
returns a list of phoneme in the final state machine.
removes the parent file from the given file.
tests if two numbers are almost equal.
the method to be called when the end of an element in the xml document is reached.
java. util. arrays # fill ( byte [ ], int, int, byte )
writes an empty value and an open bracket.
calculates the logarithm of a value.
upload a file to the dropbox server.
creates a new zip file handle and deletes the file from the tmp output folder.
removes the handler for the column with the specified name if it is present.
returns true if there are no images in the image tag, or if there are no images
restores badges from the saved saved instance state, and displays them.
mark the time that the timer should fire and let the worker to know when it's
constructs an entry with the given name and arguments.
add a waiting mwi message to the list of waiting mwi messages.
pushes the path indices on the top of the stack, creating a new array if the
log the class loader hierarchy if logging is enabled.
add a gossip member to the list of members to be notified when a gossip is sent to
returns the list of log files that should be used to create the log files.
returns whether the case - sensitive values should be returned in the case - - insensitive format.
returns true if the node is a namespace attribute node.
returns a hash code value for this object.
creates a new subconfigmodelimpl with the given service name and parent id.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
converts a string representation of a color into an int color value.
called when the user presses the " pick " button.
perform a binary traversal on a given node.
description of the method.
cancels all of the tasks in the cluster.
returns the value at the given index, or 0 if there is no attribute with the given
returns the value associated with a given key ( case - insensitive ).
decodes a base58 string into an array of bytes.
creates a new association between a template and a step pattern.
closes the pool and deletes the underlying file.
returns true if at least one of the annotations of the given annotatedtype has no prefix.
attempts to format a string with the given format string.
gets logger instance.
receives one byte from the receive queue.
checks the given resource, returning a list of violation objects that can be reported as a result
returns true if imdb id is a valid imdb id.
start the recorded video activity.
writes a list of coordinates to the given buffer.
returns true if the message of the given exception is a prefix of the given class.
swap the rows and columns of the given source table with the largest absolute value.
determines if the user's popup of a task bar should overlap the popup window
creates a job that creates a new cluster.
finds all main classes in the given directory.
validates an xml string, throwing an ioexception if the string contains invalid xml characters.
read all the values from the csv file.
determine if a given access code is compatible with an instant run.
constructs a sequence containing all of the elements in the given array.
constructs a threadedlistenermanager with the given executor service pool.
verifies that the number of choices in the stream is the number of choices that can be
compute offset for a line segment.
returns the element at the specified location in this vector.
create a list of qosu rules from the json data in the qossettings object.
converts the given string into the octet array for the given vendor - specific and vendor -
format a double value with the specified number of decimal places.
flushes this output stream.
returns true if the given string is a valid utf - 8 string whose length is at most
creates the bounds of the bounding box between two points.
add a button to clear the graph data.
returns a normalized value of the levenshtein distance between s and t.
creates a new file in the text input folder.
determine if the expression is an animal.
unifies line separators in a string.
adds a notification to the list of notifications.
create an nfs datastore for the given file system export and return the list of nfs
check the size of the array and increase if needed.
creates a new album with the given uri.
check that the given name is a syntactically valid internal name in the format of
initializes the image shadow task that will be run when the image container task is done.
unquotes the last quoted char of the given name.
returns whether or not the given player name is the leader of this track.
redo the last operation in the redo queue, if there is one.
if result is an instanceof altresult, throw it as a normal exception, otherwise throw
write protein sequence to temp directory.
convert. convert ( string [ ] [ ] ) to a string [ ] [ ].
write the contour in sptkl format.
starts the current thread, with the specified timeout if non - null, or the current thread
finds an element with the given name in the given parent element.
create a star re with the given regular expression as a unary argument.
removes the specified element from the selection.
invoked when a mouse button has been clicked on a component.
writes a formatted string to this output stream using the specified locale.
transforms the given xml source to the given output xml target.
tests comparison of attributes before elements.
adds the given instruction as a suffix of this instruction set.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
closes the selector if it is open.
subtracts the given number from the given one.
adds the given attributes to the list of required attributes.
shows a dialog with the history of the user and updates the ui.
returns the current number of elements in the ordered list.
reads the contents of an input stream and returns it as a byte array.
construct a streamable from an publisher.
creates a new instance of protobufconnection.
parse the network response data and return the bitmap object.
finds the notification with the given id.
constructs a new green gradient with the given maximum count.
write a histogram as a csv file.
take a stage of a stage of a stage of a stage of a normal stage of a
plus a character to a number.
clips a string if the string is not longer than the available width.
removes the first occurrence of the specified element from the action queue.
add a slide to the end of the list.
wraps a string to an array of strings with lines of at most the given maximum width
converts a float [ ] coordinate array to a bytebuffer of the same size as the
publish a message to an mqtt server using the samplemqtt - clientid.
deletes all the files and directories in the specified directory.
inv watermarking sub - band of an image.
moves a source file to a destination directory.
loads the security properties from the specified properties file.
close an inputstream. this method does nothing if the inputstream is null.
clears the scan files.
runs the process and verifies that the process output stream and the error stream are written correctly.
below method will be used to start file based merge.
this method is called when a document is inserted into the model.
constructs a new exception with message and parsed data.
determines if the specified components are parallel siblings of the specified component.
reads an object from the stream, throwing an exception if it is not one of the expected
subtract two positive numbers of the same length.
creates a new plaintext component with the given int value.
returns true if the specified calendar represents a year, or false if it's not today
starts the port manager, creating a new port and add observer to the list of managed ports
prints the string representation of a double field to the specified output.
converts a yuv image to a bitmap.
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation.
indicates whether this document has a given " feature " - level and " version " -
assigns a port based on the given list of target ports, and updates the portusage
returns the next event from the queue.
appends the polygon to the buffer.
fills a jcombobox with the tracks that have the same name as this track.
instantiates a new refactoring session transformer.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
opens the compare editor.
add a resource to the list of resources to be loaded.
returns true if the argument string is a valid numeric value, false otherwise.
encodes the given string as base64 using the preferred encoding of the string.
atomically adds the given value to the current value and returns the new value.
get current time in the given unit.
appends a name - value pair to a list of supername / supernamevaluepairs
create a properties object from a java.
calculates the weight of a given plan, given a maximum value for minimum and a maximum
returns true if the extension of the filename is one of the given extensions.
finds the first value that matches the choice hash table and sets it to be the selected
this method is used to create a zk node with the specified name.
calculates the logarithm to the base log of the value.
returns the x, y, z, power of the given vector3 by the given power
receives a datagram packet from the client and returns it as a datagramresponse.
convert temps in degrees k degrees to rgb values in [ 0, 255, 0,
returns a copy of this builder with a new name mapped to the provided properties map.
java. util. arrays # fill ( boolean [ ], int, int, int )
adds all of the elements in the specified collection to this vector.
format the string according to the specification described in the specification for this object.
get a fully - qualified resource name for the table with the given table name and type
updates the location / destination track combo boxes based on the current combo box selection.
returns the tip text for this property.
joins a given array of namedvalue objects into a single string with the given separator.
computes the source class for an attribute based on the distance to the attribute.
flushes the output stream and releases any system resources associated with the output stream.
request that the specified group number be read from the currdatagroup.
serializes cookie object into a string that can be used as the value of the cookie.
skips the specified number of bytes.
resumes the playback and redraws the window.
subtract two numbers of different scales.
this method will be called when the object is added to its prototype.
creates a new instance of alltoallpanel.
returns true if the function can be found in the given namespace and function name.
allocates the size of the section list and initializes it with a new empty maze
returns true if the soft - refresh time is < = system. time_millis (
generate a random byte array with the given length.
calculates the label weights of the missings and the labels in the column example table.
removes the file extension from a file name.
delete the attribute value.
normalize a data frame to the given range ( min, max ).
returns true if the argument is a valid socket scheme.
adds a leaf to the tree.
adds listeners to all blocks in the given range, and removes them from the old range.
converts a byte array into a hexadecimal string.
clamp a size to fit within a given maximum area.
creates a new instance of the tcppacketclass class.
returns a string representation of the indexable.
encodes the byte array using the utf - 8 scheme.
draws a face in the given direction of the given mesh model with the given texture coordinates
adds an observer that will be notified of changes in the file.
compute the logarithm of a value using the natural log of the power of the arguments.
add a number to the end of the program.
create an instance of the given class name using the given classloader.
add a new action to this entity.
constructs a new polygon from a pair of points.
reads the json value at the specified index in the specified json array.
waits the element specified by the by method to not be present.
assert that the testsubscriber has not received any complete or error signal.
is this a vimeo url?.
gets the state of the launcher as a cancelled state.
pushes the given subcontextlist as the top - most element of the pop - up
move all downloaded files to the new account.
dumps the current profile's options to the log.
parses the given resource as a json stream and returns the corresponding json node.
returns the sequence of states to start the lmrgn algorithm for the current model.
removes the specified container from the list of containers and cancels the request if there are
constructs a density function given a collection of double points.
clones a serializable object.
returns true if there are more than three points in the polygon.
creates a new zip entry with the specified name.
test with two random selectors on the same statement and wait for all the threads to finish.
reads a dictionary from the given filename.
add a vertex to the list of vertices.
create the view and model arrays.
returns an immutable view of the file names that have been added to this file set.
is operating system mac?.
returns true if the given concrete throwable is an assignable from one of the given classes.
pop and encode all queued messages.
prints the string representation of the int to the target.
returns a mapping of item sets to the estimated support of each item set in the tree.
returns true if every character in the string is a letter.
converts a character to a digit, throws an exception if the character is not a digit
this method is called by the jvm when the library is found with the given library path.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
saves a key and password to a file.
add a filter to the or query.
send a debug log message with printf formatting.
increments the execution time count by the given number of rows, and increases the
unit test verifies that the ctor can be initialized and shut down the bigdata instance.
returns a string representation of this object, escaping special characters as necessary.
splits the traces keep point on the next layer.
flips all bits in a byte array in place.
creates a new request source from a string containing the utf - 8 encoded string.
adds the specified users to the localconfiguration.
attempts to acquire the eviction lock and then drains the buffers.
copy a file. if the destination file does not yet exist, it will be created if
encode properties into a string using the " mobile encoding " as defined in the environment.
write the rss header to the xml writer.
tests comparison of a string value to an xpath value.
deletes a directory and all of its contents.
converts a date and time string to a timestamp object.
determines if the string starts a new hunk.
removes all values from the map.
read a set of characters from the password file and return as a map of strings to their
converts a string to a byte array.
plays the specified file for the specified user.
this method should only be called when the application shuts down when the application shuts down
predicts the intervals for a given confidence interval.
searches the specified collection for the minimum element using the specified comparator.
check if the sha hash of a file is the same as the hash of the file.
adds the given key to the list of value key names.
updates the assignment, but only if it's the same core as the specified border.
get the name of a character from its integer representation.
splits a string into lines, separated by a newline character.
draws the chart on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a
adds a hole to the end of this ring.
register all components that can be used as ui components.
creates a new instance of the given type and registers it in the retained fragment manager.
skips the specified number of input bytes.
generates a 64 - bit hash id for the public key.
creates a new create - xxx sub - command for an optional relation.
creates a new dnetscaperevocationurl dialog.
reads an xml element representing a line from the document.
constructs a listmodel with an array of items.
returns true if field calltype is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
maps the source to a buffer.
creates a new instance of jjshaper with the given style and extensions.
compute static load metrics for all vnx unity nas servers.
see the general contract of the readshort method of datainput.
create a replication job to copy a partition.
this method is the entry - point for the script.
finds all the orders in the given context.
returns true if the file exists, and is a file.
find the first non - null pronghorn stage that matches the given path.
calculate the t - value of a set of coefficients, given the standard error.
run all of the heroic bootstrapers in the order in which they are invoked.
checks the header of an index entry against a given id.
get the output as a 16 - bit byte array.
saves a named buffer if it exists, or does not if it doesn't exist
schedules storage for the vplex storage system and returns the list of recommendation for the
completes a relative path from basedir to shownbasedir, and returns a list of
tells whether or not the given specifier represents a module specifying a file.
inserts the expected pool settings per tier.
transfer streams from one stream to another.
returns the position in the path of the given orgunitlevel - 1.
makes sure there is space in the buffer to be read from the underlying input stream.
adds a new numeric class to the classifier, optimizing for the case where the class value
parses the groups element and validates that all required fields are set.
called when a drag gesture is about to be performed on the screen.
returns true if the given character is an identifier helper character, i.
adds a header line to the header section.
loads the address value from the result set.
encodes a string into its url - encoded form using utf - 8.
converts a bundle parameters object to a url.
notification that a namespace prefix has been applied after the start of an element with the given uri
guesses the type of the given file.
test advance for all terms with the minimum number of should_match.
utility method to query the access modifiers of this member.
release encumbrance budget, returns true if release encumbrance was satisfied.
creates a transferable object that can be used to transfer locale from one of the formats.
put the length in big - endian format.
adds the specified generic font family to the fontfamilymap.
writes a reference to the node, and returns true if the reference was written.
parses and returns the next data object ( if there is one ).
indicates whether this index has no individuals.
returns the string value of this instance using the supplied formatter.
converts the class name to a dotted class name.
constructs a new dauthoritykeychooser dialog.
plays the next video in the playlist.
invokes the specified method on the specified object.
add all of the nodes in the given iterator to the end of this xpathelement.
returns the rotate stream associated with the given path.
clean up the history if the size of the history is > = maxhistorysize.
process styled attributes ( such as x and y ) and set the aspect ratio to the
constructs a new log message with the specified template and code.
this method is used to translate an action string into a string that can be used as an
returns true if this plugin can be loaded.
returns true if this is a boolean value, or false if it's a number and
utility method to parse a string value as a boolean value.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end -
returns a string representation of this date / time with the given formatter.
initialize the source code map with the lines of the adapted source code.
get the u - ordinate of this matrix.
returns the set of allowed duplicate error codes.
returns true if the given field has already been visited for the given object, and false otherwise
removes a download from the completed list.
adds a shingled query to the main query, which is the maximum number of clauses
gets the digest as an xml - id string.
create a new snapshot of the vplex instance.
store the specified log file in the database.
merges the old properties with the current properties and returns a new map containing the modified properties
deletes the preferred language of a existing user.
called when a player has been prepared, and is ready to start playing.
parses a token and its value and stores it in the appropriate field of the message.
skips bytes in the input stream.
move all players in the game in the specified radius, centered at the specified position.
constructs an ecdhe from a named curve id.
adds the given header value to the given message's protocol headers.
returns a string representation of this instance.
recreates the workspace table.
executes a parameterized n1ql statement.
closes all open tags.
generates a new entity reference element to the end of the document.
links the specified node at the tail of this list, if it has not yet been linked
draws the divider at the given bounds.
constructs a form spec with the given default size and encoded description.
decodes a list of elements from the given inputstream using the given parser.
writes a little - endian int.
writes an double field value.
calculates the next creature to spawn based on the quest level.
check if the interval and starttime string are set and validate the schedule interval and starttime string.
delete a registered trait on an entity.
add a collection of tables to the database.
writes the contents of the given template file to the given writer.
start a background thread to reload the background.
returns the index of the specified item in the list.
adds an attribute to the message.
fills the buffer and drains all pending gates.
runs a full import operation.
get a user id from a min and a max number.
starts the consumer. if the consumer has already started it will do nothing.
generates code to set binary operation flags.
islabelmovable, returns true if the label of the current cell can be mov
write typelist item into current section.
load configuration properties from a resource.
close an inputstream without throwing an exception if the stream is null.
creates a new transaction using the default transaction manager.
skip characters in the input stream while the given string is not the same as any character in
converts a package name into a package - relative path path, e.
returns true if this map contains the specified key.
returns true if the fragment is valid, or false if there is no valid fragment.
increases the capacity of and internally reorganizes this map.
loads pois from assets and saves them in the database.
creates an element with the given name and appends it to the given parentelement.
returns the number of times the app has been done for the given scope, tag, and
a method to handle a change in the operands of a variable.
add a header to the message.
checks if there is already a request with the same hash code.
returns true if the given view is hidden.
delete a file or a directory recursively.
returns true if the menu bar is located at the right of the tool bar.
constructs an xml node with the given name and namespace.
creates a priority queue from a map of words.
executes the closure for each object in the input stream until an eof is encountered, or
exit with the given status if we are in a system mode, otherwise just return the passed
calculate the distance between two points in meters.
process the given ntlm challenge, and update the state accordingly.
calculate a mod p, q, a = ga * x2s + pow (
add qty to product cost table.
add a new undo event to the undo list. if the undo list is at the end
establishes a cached version of the repository if it's offline and refreshes the
appends text to the text buffer and sets the image span to the imagespan.
validates the given password against the given hash. if the password is valid, it must
returns a sorted list of snapshots for the specified repository.
adds a certificate to the list of certs that should be used in the certificate chain.
multiply a positive number by zero.
this method is called to clean the static members of a method.
paints the background of a tab.
create an automaton for a given set of bytes in a given hash table.
returns the range of values within the range bounds of the specified dataset, optionally including visible series
this method is invoked when the admin service is removed from the list of available services.
returns the number of operating system threads in this process.
assigns a role to this object.
creates a default threadpool, with a default threadfactory, and a default keep - alive
write the initial styles, but don't write any styles that have been written before.
convenience method that takes a collection of map. entry < string, string > objects and
test where each operation locks only a single resource and there is only one resource to be locked
runs the next command in the delta queue.
stop the selector and block until all the connections have been closed or the timeout has been reached
loads a dom document from the given xml file.
java. math. bigdecimal # divide ( java. math. bigdecimal, java.
removes the annotation at the specified index from the list of annotations.
replaces all instances of the specified character in this string with the specified character.
touch a file. if the file does not exist, it will be created.
wrap a callback so that it will be called at the next time it is called.
check if a cell should be selected.
add zero to a number.
adds a class annotation for the given class node.
try to format a satisfiability message with the specified format string.
parses an upper case map.
removes all entries from the queue and removes them from the entry - infos map.
creates a temporary zip file with the given entry count and entry size.
checks if the new playlist name is a valid playlist name.
import xml file into packing. xml file can be either xml or xml properties file.
writes a row to the log if recovery mode is turned on and not in recovery mode.
a method to create a default digest method type with a default hash algorithm.
creates a partition of vertices from a set of vertices.
creates a new instance of the transaction manager.
shift the beans in the sub flow by the given beaninstance.
this method is called via reflection from the event listener. it will load the positions and return
perform all of the makes of all the elements in the list.
notifies the listeners that a text node has been deleted and removed from the text model.
initializes the application environment by loading the manifest if it's uberjar is enabled
creates a new producerworker with the given topic and message.
creates a new tab in the foreground.
returns true if, at this point, the classes can be assigned to, and are assignable
load org access for the user.
closes the disk cache.
creates a map of uris to their unassigned luns in the exportmask.
closes the underlying sockets and socket streams.
returns the largest x, y, z of two values.
waits for the process's output and error streams to be closed.
adds the given arguments to this command line.
returns node with key k or null if not found.
draws the axis on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a
reads the contents of a sequencefile from a local file system and returns an arraylist of
creates a random colour with r, g, b.
converts a category string to a diagnostickind and whether it can be fixable.
this method is called via reflection to determine if the method is public or protected and should be
constructs a new sptk contour from a lf0 sptk.
abort all running tasks and release all resources.
adds a csp listener.
prints the given message to the specified stream, with a newline at the end.
removes from this list all of the elements in the given range ( index, size )
assert that the meta data of the result set has the given nullability attribute set.
compute the bounding boxes of all the contoured points in the contour.
adds a timeline to the front of the timeline list.
load lob from file system or file system db.
paints the background of the component.
creates a list of the same type as the array, plus the given extra capacity.
send the event to all registered listeners.
this method is used to update one or more key / value pairs of a region.
load the critical and non - critical extensions from the passed in x509extensionextension.
deletes all of the addresses of a existing user.
limit the number of results to return.
indicates whether a file exists or not.
skips the given number of bytes from the current position in the document.
adds the payment method ( s ) to the class.
converts a file name to a string with a default character set and a maximum of the
copy a file from the given url to the given file.
updates the touch deltas according to the current position and the touch gesture.
creates an authentication configuration with the specified name.
trim whitespace from the start and end of a string.
returns the tip text for this property.
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster.
sends the contents of the buffer to the client.
fires the specified event on this thread.
finds the file to open, based on the list of files that should be open.
compares the two strings. if case matters is set to true, the strings are
executes a list of commands.
populate a blob with the given id with the given basecontent and required size.
removes the file from the observers map and notifies the user of the removal of the file
makes this object immutable.
appending a " isnull " clause.
removes all of the elements from the queue and removes all of the elements from the hash
updates the favorite station based on current selected station and selects new station if it is not already
appends all of the elements in the specified collection that do not already exist in this list
saves the current analysis to the specified file.
returns an iterator over the dependencies of this capability.
parses the given string as an int.
creates a new bufferedheader from the contents of the character buffer.
converts a date to a date string using a custom date format ( e.
executes the given google client request with the given error message and error arguments.
checks the server response code for a successful http request and throws an exception if it is not
adds the given resource source to the list of available resource sources.
commit changes to the hopfield, inputpanel, and outputpanel.
connects this trace to the next target trace on the line ( p_from_point
called when a generic motion event occurs.
add the given class to this class.
edit an element in the table.
constructs a new fp2d with the given curve, x and y co - ord
serialize a dom4j document to a string.
compute the area of the line defined by points a, b, and c.
checks that the contents of the store can be read from and written to the given level.
casts a list to arrayobject. remove empty items at start and end of the list
searches the specified collection for the minimum element.
creates a new heartbeat server.
tostring returns all elements of queue as a string.
displays a dialog to find the club in the attacks list.
constructs a new pdf object from a line of the pdf formatted output.
convert a list of ipv4 addresses to a string array containing the host portion of each address
displays the pilot's profile.
initializes the timer and resamples to the resolution resolution.
update price lists in product bean.
check the list of dependencies for a given module.
clearbit ( int n ) inside a positive number.
deserialize a funnel from a list of objects.
appends a parameter to the type descriptor.
adds a catch block clause.
stream the given byte array to the browser, and optionally set the content - type header
unlock the transaction associated with the given key if the lock is held on the database.
fetches a range of orders from the database.
checks to see if the db has reached the unreachable schema and if so checks to see if
removes all elements from the top of the stack.
creates a new tile store with the given store.
returns true if this storedblock is more work than other.
parses the next token from the stream, ignoring any characters other than the current token.
returns true if the url represents a jar file.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
applies a set timestamp statement to the current statement if it is not the current timestamp.
constructs a new accessor for a class with the given class name, using the given class
stops the timer and increases the duration by the time the timer was started.
this method will add a new record to the log file. this method will sort the log
decode the base 64 encoded string into a byte array.
returns the address of the caller frame, if it's not already in the native stack
scans a path relative to a user's root path.
returns true if the mime type is a image mime type.
constructs a new instance of this class and sets its parent to the given parent.
get the size of a bitmap.
returns the absolute value of all the values in this matrix.
removes the attribute with the specified name from the attributes of this object.
saves a snapshot of the current state of the camera.
creates a new instance of debuggerexception from a dom node that is representing an exception option.
rotates the given image by 180 degrees while retaining the ratio of the new image.
update fin financare.
displays the calendar in a simple format.
creates a new line string from the current position and coordinates.
trims an array to be exactly the target a size.
closes this reader and releases any system resources associated with it.
returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection via the specified event
subtract the specified number of flakes from the list of flakes.
process an array of bytes, producing output if necessary.
returns true if the specified resource name is required for the specified realm.
main entry point. parses command line options, strips out files from input files, and
converts an int into a string value.
construct a new authority key identifier structure from an x. 509 certificate.
open a jar file.
removes all emails from the list.
javax. net. ssl. sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer src, bytebuffer
constructs a new instance of this class.
determines if a character is a letter.
calls the visitor for each operand in the argument vector.
create a link string for an image with the given uri and label.
determines if a given token is an expression.
destroys the tree. this method is called when the tree is about to be destroyed.
constructs a path based on the given file.
processes the play request.
performs a binary search for the specified element in the specified list using the specified comparator
flushes the output buffer and resets the bias to 0.
returns a list of all the elements that are in the given state starting at the first element
removes the value of the specified value from the specified entry.
creates a new instance of hashdatacache with the given algorithm.
marshalls an enum value to the output stream.
initializes the event listeners.
check if the midi file writer support the given file type and sequence number.
computes the naf window of length width from the given biginteger.
maps collection name according to the rules in collectionrules.
fills a vector with random integers between min and max.
returns the hash code value for this object.
called when an animation is being stopped, to indicate that a thread is no longer interested in
compares this package name with p_name.
draws the range markers ( if any ) for an axis and layer.
method to decrypt encrypted data using password and secret key.
constructs a new vpf layer.
returns true if the connection should be closed, or false if the connection should be closed.
gets the hue, lighting, saturation, brightness, and saturation values for this color.
returns a future that will return true if the given timeout is reached, otherwise returns false.
returns true if there are no more entries in the queue and there are no waiting threads.
this method performs a " change directory " operation on the remote ftp server.
removes the quote characters from the given column name and returns the modified column name.
returns true if we haven't scrolled up yet.
refills the input buffer.
searches the index and returns a list of documents.
write the end of the list.
returns a list of elements that have at least one of the given child element names.
generates a random seed of the given size.
returns the tip text for this property.
this method calls proc listjob and returns a list of instances.
returns the binary encoding of the modular q - factor, encoded as a 32 - bit
open the underlying data file as an input stream.
adds a listener that is notified when the text of a text caret is replaced by a key
returns a singleton instance of serialsensorservicemanager.
java. sql. rsmd # is currency ( int ) method testing.
encodes a buffer as a base64 string.
java. util. date # equals ( java. util. date, java. util.
parse the id from the uri of a document.
mark the given position as used in the set of used blocks.
construct a chol matrix from a given matrix.
read a string in from a memory map at a given address.
shifts right to the result, returning true if all the bits of the result are zero
agg. aggregate ( newvalue ) will be aggregate ( newvalue ). aggregate ( new
removes a legion member from the legion.
prints the contents of the character buffer to the underlying output stream.
returns true if there is at least one baf body on the method list.
retains all instances of the given characters in the given string.
removes the least used httpconnection from the free list and deletes it if there is one
perform a binary search of the sorted array for the given element.
creates a new transit schedule by removing the routes and stops that are not used in the schedule
helper method to test if two objects are equal.
converts a list of patches to a string.
closes the output stream, but only if the preferred version number is lower than the context
this method validates the sort size.
finish the previous painting and create a new image from the transparency data.
removes all the panels that have been created.
perform an asynchronous average operation.
return the next string in the sequence, or " any " if there are no more strings
constructs a new htmlbuilder using the specified settings.
returns a string representation of this object.
instantiates a new macro from a file.
this method is used to delete es input nodes and ports from the es cluster.
add a part if it isn't already present.
terminates the fsync service and waits for it to terminate.
finds the farthest location in a given direction.
computes minimum required image sample size ( width and height ) for the given image size.
creates the main split pane.
returns a copy of the passed in chain, but does nothing if it is not a dig
checks if the transaction manager is setup and if not setup then create a new one.
creates an fs object for the given path using the given class as the backing file system.
creates a new element and appends it to the specified parent element.
reads all bytes from the given input stream and returns a string of the given length.
splits the branch name into a remote branch name and a couple of the remote name and
encrypts the contents of an output stream using the given password.
pads the right of a string with the given length, using the given padding character as
reloads the swipe state in the given view at the given position.
resets this iv to its original value.
performs a vertical flip of the matrix.
shuts down the underlying data source session factory.
converts an ip4 address to a string.
creates a new action object.
converts a hex string to a byte array.
writes a string to the output stream.
creates a collection of all permissions.
merges two non - shared networks into a single network and updates the tzone with the
prints a message to the output and then terminates the line.
reads a chunk of the given size from the given input stream and returns it as a byte
calculates the sum of the facets for each tag and the sum of the associated genre
constructs a kd - tree from a list of placenames.
patch the qualified name of a qname by adding a prefix to the qname if necessary.
converts a tag into an xml string.
create a new xmlelement with the same attributes as the parent element.
resets the topic and groupid and all the counters.
rotates the vector by the specified angle in radians around the origin of the centroid.
called when the connection to the mqtt server has been lost.
get the value of the header with the given name.
parses the sparse fields in the request query parameters and returns a map of type to set
signs an xml document with a wsssaml signature.
called when a bound property changes.
adds a url to the list of scan roots for this url.
adds a new interval to the histogram, if the specified interval is smaller than the current interval
resets the state of this classifier to the initial state of another.
reloads the current page and loads the content of the current page.
returns true if the given field is a static field.
returns the number of outstanding requests.
returns a string representation of the given byte array.
initializes the logging system for the given component name.
fills the left side of the list with the given position and the given number of
removes the specified default value from the configuration.
test that put method does not cause eviction of the cache to be removed.
this method merges the second signature with the first one, and returns a new signature with the
returns the hash code value of this object.
creates new exception with given throwable as a nested cause and source of error message.
marks the object as visited, returning true if the object should be visited, or false if
adds an option to the options.
pause for the client to join.
this method gets called when a bound property is changed.
add an image resource to the frames of the transition.
scans the given location for classes that implement the given interface.
reads the next cdata element and returns it as a string.
returns true if the given position needs to be updated with a skylight update.
expands a rectangle by a given amount.
convert string to datagram packet.
returns a string representation of this renderer.
returns true if the plugin has been initialized, or false if it hasn't yet been
removes a thread hook that will be called when the thread shuts down.
calculates the points and transitions between the given point and the target point in the image.
returns a string representation of the current value.
checks the size of the camera and return true if it can be used.
appends the given string to the current string builder.
encodes a plain text string into a byte array output stream.
get the reference to the lookup list table.
get the current sum of all accumulated deltas.
determines if a single character is a word boundary.
executes the given operation while the primary value is available.
writes an array of characters.
creates and returns a table viewer object for the given composite.
return the type as a string.
add a line from the current path point to the given point.
checks basic missing value handling of the scheme, for simple non - troublesome datasets.
disables all the buttons that have not been enabled.
loads an artifact located at the given path.
tries to acquire the specified number of locks for the owner of the current thread.
returns true if the stringbuilder ends with the end of the header ( the last character is
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
constructs a new transit section action with the specified delay ( in milliseconds ).
creates a new dauthoritycertpkcs8 dialog.
adds the given point to the end of the polygon.
return true if the given class name is a valid cglib proxy class name.
verify the discovery information from the auth response. if the auth response is null, return null
generates a new report for a given report description and target date.
update the view with the current state of the recharge.
gets map of cache version - > local transaction id, if transaction is local and does not
stops the server. if the server has been stopped, it will disconnect from the listener
decrypts the given byte [ ] using the private key specified in the prikey.
derives a argb value for a color based on an offset between the two colors.
adds a landing pad to the list of occupied landing pads.
create a new attack strategy given a comma - separated list of strategies.
creates a new executor with default initial initial size, max thread pool size, keepalives
writes a chunk of data to a location.
gets the event with the given id from the list of events that have been collected on this
initializes the custom checkers items stored in the preferences store.
method to load properties from properties file. properties file will be read from properties file path.
prints out a list of all the key - value pairs in this map, separated by
converts a string to a date using the specified format.
calculates md5 hash value for specified file or directory.
sets the size and certainty values to their default value.
returns true if there are more rows to load and false if there are no more rows to
trims the list of elements from the end of the list to the beginning of the list
start a scope with an empty value and an open bracket.
returns an ascii board in the given position.
clears all cache - related information.
converts an iterator of nodes to a set of nodes.
runs a task in a separate thread pool at a specified number of times.
creates containervms list. containervmsnumber must be greater than or equal to containervmsnumber
adds a port to the use counts, or updates the port use counts if the port is
pop the current element's attribute set from the stack.
adds a key - value pair to the cache.
removes a model change listener.
fires a change event to all registered change listeners.
creates the connection name based on the connection type and the host and port.
discovers a single host.
fully read bytes from an input stream into a byte array.
draws the connection circles in the order in which they were connected.
adds the new node to the list of closed nodes, or updates the existing node if there
converts a java file object to a java file object.
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height, and using the
builds a random power law bipartite graph.
executes the given command in the current working directory.
updates the progress bar for the current thread.
creates a new context handler for the given directory.
indicates whether this string starts with the specified prefix.
create a list of containerinitializers for the jetty jasper container.
creates a new temporary directory with the default name for the temporary files and sub directories.
produce a string representation of the partitions.
returns true if the parent product category is a child of the category specified in the servlet request
input an instance for filtering.
get a list of all the column names in a table.
adds a new created resource to the list of resources created at the given location.
signal the event to release all the semaphores.
returns true if the specified object is equal to this object.
returns true if the cluster is maintained by all other active dbsvcs.
schedules the next alarm to run on the device.
indicate that the service will no longer be informed about the stop request.
javax. net. ssl. sslsocketfactory # sslsocketfactory # sslsocketfactory
joins the given arrays into a single array using the given function.
splits the path of the url and returns the result as a set of strings.
init best selling report.
starts a new transaction.
adds a job to the queue of jobs to run if it can be run immediately.
resets the parser to start parsing the given string.
adds a constant entry to the constant pool.
adds the data to the chart set.
return the info gain for this object.
cancel property constant removal from name values holder list and remove it from name values holder list.
deserializes an object from a byte array.
divide multi - digits by one digit.
show a dialog that allows the user to select a neuron's properties.
encrypt an array of bytes.
check if there are any changes to the children of the given class.
creates a new instance of windowstuffhelper.
remove special char ( - ) - - - - - - - - - - - -
constructs a new run script action with the specified network panel.
creates a web image from a given url.
consolidates the given tuples into a map of ( installment, receipts ) pairs
validates an email address. < br > if the email address is a valid email address
adds the given directed edge to this line.
parses an application xml document from a file.
creates a new connection for the given selector key and returns a channelentry object for the new
returns a description of the usage of all entries in this trie.
adds a subscription to the subscription store.
zips a file to be zipped. if the file does not exist, it will
generates hashmap of all parents and their expanded state.
add an audio packet listener.
constructs a crl with the specified criticality and object value.
constructs a new java environment with the given java file as the source location.
adds a callback function to a method call on a javascript object that has been registered as a
removes all blocks from the section.
writes the given text string to the given file in utf - 8.
returns true if the given node is a operator variable access.
called by the picker for updating the header display.
returns a list of segments between s1 and s2, or null if not near
adds an update action to the list of actions.
loads the configuration from the given file.
find the class with the given classname in the classpath.
sign off the given unique id.
create a non - cg volume.
returns the timestamp downsampled by the given window size.
returns a string representation of the polygon.
report an error. if a transformerexception occurs, the locator of the exception will be used
adds a pattern to head of the psuedo table.
constructs an iterator over the union path tree for the union at the given position.
read a row from a table and add it to the result.
throws an ioexception with the given error message and inserts the line number of the error message
returns true if there are more dealments left, or false if there are no more deal
add an x500principal to the list of issuer principals.
build a selection string for a key.
removes nodes from the map that are not in the specified cluster node.
writes the given device to the storage if it's master, or does nothing if not
runs the test case.
adjusts the values of an array to be within a range ( lower, upper ),
removes the processor at the specified index.
creates a suffix chain from the given root and the given value.
converts a locator string into a by object.
notify listeners that a task has started.
throws a destroyed exception if the record was destroyed.
uploads the given input stream to the specified artifact with the given version and the given file name
escapes bytes in a string so that it can be written to the output file.
converts an array of objects into an array of class objects.
add this security object as a child of the given header.
returns the index of the next non - whitespace character in the given string starting at the given
update the viewpoint based on the new amplitude, or update the look at if there are
samples a new assignment from the distribution and returns it as an object of the class assignment class
reads an x509 certificate from the given input stream.
creates a new instance of the httpclient, with a default timeout of 30 seconds.
associate the given value with the specified key.
renames a table. if renamedefinitions is set, the new table name will be used
handle read last confirmed error.
puts the specified file pointer into this barrier, if it is not already there.
applies the layout of this neuron to all neurons in this neuron.
get the number of seconds since the epoch, in seconds since the epoch, in nanoseconds
calculates the size of a layer at p764901, or - 1 if
finds a static method with the specified name and parameters, throws an exception if it is
helper function to fetch the list of service cards from the http server.
adds a phonenumber to the adapter.
returns a string containing only the digits and plus characters found in the given matcher.
compares two methods for ordering. null values are considered equal if they have the same name
returns the first marker segment with the given tag.
helper method to open an input stream from a string. if an ioexception is thrown,
returns a new instance which has the additional source to publish to the first publisher in the array
publishes the given items to the server.
<! - - begin - user - doc - - > <! - - end -
throws an exception if this uri is not a uri with a scheme that is not the default
create a private keyusage extension from its der encoded value.
generates periods for the whole year in which the specified period's date is used.
creates a aes secret key.
value has changed - log that the value has been changed.
parses a json object from the facebook facebook server into a json object.
loads the version information from the version information url.
find a page of user using query by example.
add a footer view to the end of the list.
adds the specified sequence to the beginning of this sequence.
returns true if this connection is in read - only mode, and false if the connection is
consume returns a value from a publisher and verifies that the value is the average of all elements
sets the parent node of this expression node and all its argument nodes.
returns true if the class is registered, and false if it wasn't.
adds a constant for the given quality type.
bail out with a message and optionally a usage message.
asserts that the given timestamps are equal with a given epsilon.
creates a new spiderxmlparser with the given spiderparams.
flushes the internal buffer, allowing any buffered data to be written to the target stream.
add a new hop to this entity.
returns true if the queue is empty, or false if the queue is empty.
tests the instantiation of a primitive type ( i.
reads all entries from the segment and sends them to the callback.
get the number of hosts from the initiators defined in the net2initiators
adds all certificates in the given store to the certificate store.
process the lob metadata.
adds the start prefix mapping for the given element to the namespace stack and returns the namespace attributes
prints this exception's stack trace to the specified printwriter.
converts a list of dataflavours to an array of dataflavours.
test for correct error handling in the " choice_empty_icon " attribute of a "
converts the given attribute string into a boolean value.
get the next unique message id.
fills the text fields with the current values of the hearing.
checks a list of security infos for the given endpoint.
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other
converts a list of byte arrays to an arraylist of byte strings.
creates a new index definition.
sets the ssl key store key password.
constructs a new zookeeper state machine ensemble with the given curator client, base path and
returns a new custom shortcut set for the given character.
recursively delete the minimum value in a subtree and return the new node.
resets the error and warning counters.
writes a file from the given source to the given output stream.
returns a map of target class to list of target compounds for the given type compounds
update the location and stop the timer if the new location is more than the previous location.
compares this object with the specified object for order.
bind the element to a property greater than or equal to a specific value.
removes a column from the table.
writes the given string to the history file.
closes the connection to the database.
constructs a new embayessearcheditor from an embayessearchrunner
adds an action listener to forward and back buttons.
indicates whether the string at the given index is a literal in the mask.
generates a granularity object from the passed granularity string.
constructs a new word iterator using the default locale.
closes this index, releasing all index locks, and leaves it back to the caller
pushes a file to the remote file system.
process an item segment and return the result as a string.
resize the cache to a new size.
convert a char uint8 into a byte [ 2 ].
pretty printing method for short fields.
initializes all the files in the given directory, adding the names of the files that match
remove all fields with the specified name that are associated with a bandwidth.
helper method to exit with a non - zero exit code.
returns the current time in milliseconds.
collapses newlines in a string.
generates the javadoc for the given index.
extracts properties from a list of map entries.
removes the last element from the list.
ensures that the specified component is visible.
ends the representation processing of the current representation protections.
creates a new generator for pie section labels using the specified number format.
splits a line according to the number of tokens.
constructs a new timer that will emit events for the specified interval, and the specified time
reads the next tuple from the stream.
adds a double to a string, handling null and infinite values.
removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list.
load the values for this step from an xml node.
computes a hash for the given signature.
adds a group name to the trigger group name repository list.
reads a string from the underlying stream, advancing the stream position.
clears the list of temporary files and removes them from the list of temporary files used by
this method will read and decompress the thumbnail image.
runs a runnable in a single - threaded pool and verifies that it is not cancelled.
shrinks an area. if result is non - null a new instance will be created
performs the given tests in the given request using the default jq max delta length.
builds the absolute stats from the given name and the given value, and the time it took
serialize the classifier to a file.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns true if the given field is a partition tag.
arranges the container with the given width and height and returns a new rectangle with the new
executes the given method and arguments and returns the result set.
returns the index of the first occurrence of the search character in the string bounded to the given
increments the counter associated with the given k, incrementing by the given delta.
sends the osc packet to the client.
this method gets called when a key is typed.
fill in the mapped classes in the given map in the specified mapping mode.
verifies that all fields have been read and that any fields have been deserialized from the stream
constructs a program that accepts a list of signature bytes as input and returns the result as
deletes the instances at the given indices.
add an event listener to this event queue.
compute the gc2 garbage collector. c1 [ m1 ] and c2 [ m
returns true if basedate is between startdate and enddate.
adds a listener to the timeout event queue.
converts a list of strings to an array of strings.
transforms the text in the tool tip by adding linefeeds and escaping html.
write a number of bytes to the buffer.
constructs a new http request over an httpurlconnection object.
receive notification of some characters, and process them as if they were to be included in the
appends a new tag to the end of the xml document.
returns the extra info field for this certificate.
adds a collection of contents elements to the top - level list of contentelement objects.
execute a closure passing a sql instance as a parameter and close the jdbc connection if it exists
write the data to the stream.
adds an entry to the index.
ddsolve, with the given query nodes ( nodes ).
deletes all starts from the given index.
returns a new event type metadata with the given name, class, and pre - configured flag
reverses this document. if the document is not posted, it is marked as post
returns true if the given gsscaller should be used as subject credentials, and false otherwise
adds a field - value pair with the specified field name.
deletes a storage from the storage data store.
executes the given request as an advanced coap response.
checks if the given example is in the checked attributes.
loads the binary data from the given input stream.
delete luns from a lun group.
removes the given locators from this group.
returns true if the item selected by the selection choice.
adds a new operation to the operation panel.
returns a copy of this keystore with the specified key provider.
compare the current worker count with the given expect value, and decrement the worker count.
constructs an httpurlconnection from the given requests.
constructs a new instance of this class with the specified address and port.
tests fix for bug # 22213 - getmetadata ( ) returns incorrect database connection when
amount of time that this process's waited - for children have been waiting on this
creates a programrewriter with a list of rewrite rules and a list of statements blocks.
creates the settings menu.
writes a string to the output stream.
returns true if the string is a valid java name.
create a list of commands to run nodejs in the node. js, and node.
parse all of the packages and store their statistics in the sensorcontext.
consumes the process's error stream and reads the error stream into a thread.
deletes the value of the first occurrence of the specified string in this builder.
creates an array of class objects for the given list of parameter names.
trim all gaz entries to the size of the gaz object.
returns true if the prompt contains a select account.
sort the instances according to the quicksort algorithm.
flip an image horizontally.
returns true if auditing is enabled, or false if no auditing is enabled.
returns true if the request contains a content - type header and is a terms request.
reads segments from the file.
returns the project time within a 24 - hour day ( i.
returns a copy of the given value with the minimum and maximum values for no dictionary.
deserilize a struct from xml.
main entry point for the command line interface.
concatenates two byte arrays.
creates a new in configuration from the specified file.
creates a configuration object for dismaxing the solr query.
writes the value properties for the given fullid from the given jsonvalue object to the database
compute the maximum y - value for a given maximum value.
adds a focuscleared listener to this component.
add an item listener to be notified of changes to the items in the list.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
creates a mosaiclevy with random fee.
returns the rank of the given value in the list.
constructs a new predicate that evaluates to true for the non - satisfied value of the given
add margin to the top of the content child.
converts a hex string to a byte array.
send a buffer. if count > = 0 the buffer will be copied to the offset specified
fetches the schema from the server and registers all of its entities and constants.
appends the string representation of the given double array to the given string buffer.
converts the real part of the array into an array of the same type as this.
reads the partitions from the sequence file.
return true if the given seqno is equal to the max seqno in this disk log.
draw a line from x0, y0, x1, y1.
performs the processing of the given item.
pushes the given value on the stack.
gets the cardinality of the range at the given tail index.
create the http response object and add it to the http response body.
cast a object to a long object ( reference type ).
method called to finish building a grid row.
java. security. x509keyspec # get ( byte [ ] key, byte [
stops the adb connection.
called when a pong has been received.
returns the index of the first object literal in the object literal set.
this method is not supported by the viewable layout manager.
test transfer rate tests.
adds the given x509trustmanager to the list of x509trustmanagers.
returns an iterator over the children of this node.
creates a new folder if the user wants to edit it, or returns an error message.
calculates the i ( i_j + 1 ) for a given parameter j and k
perform a comparison test using the specified properties.
test of getscale method, of class hbasejdbc. jdbc. jdbcmetadata.
returns a json string representation of the given value, indenting if necessary.
returns true if the specified annotation is retained at the runtime.
message processing test, no application id.
adds a classpath to the classpath.
load directories if they're not already loaded.
constructs a null individuum with the specified number of dimensions.
finds all classes in the classpath that match the specified uri.
returns true if the value is a slavo germanic string.
shuffling an inventory with the given random number generator.
formats the given value with the specified number of decimal places.
returns a lower - case version of the given string.
run all the steps in the given list of steps, asserting that each item is assigned
adds a transform to the list of supported transforms to be applied to the document.
this method signals that the specified coroutine is no longer in the queue and should no longer be
shrinks the character array.
creates a new and condition with the given conditions.
removes bytes from the front of the dropped data queue and increments the totalbytesdropped
creates a new hopimpl with the given host, port, and transport.
updates the difficulty level and button depending on the state of the game.
writes the specified number of characters to the specified output stream.
receive a message from a loconet and put it in the idbox if the message
inserts or removes the next object in the queue.
returns true if there are more than one add - on for a given system name.
returns true if the object class is contained in the set of object classes, false otherwise.
writes an int field value.
returns the ln ( x ) factorials.
waits for the current thread to finish processing all of the messages in the queue.
atomically increments the field of the given object by the given amount.
closes the given closeable object without throwing an exception.
append the data to the file. if the data is null nothing will happen.
notify listeners that the list of object storages has changed.
convert a ipv4 address from an int to an inetaddress.
start a new client connection.
unpacks and returns a char [ ] from the packed string.
puts the key - value pair into the map if it is not already associated with the key
returns the number of characters in common suffix of two strings.
this method is invoked when the input stream is closed.
start the monitor thread if it isn't already started.
after the video frame has been read, write the video image to the socket.
scales the visual label by a given factor.
reads the default serializable field values from the stream.
converts this string to a camel - cased string.
retrieves and removes the element at the head of the queue.
adds a new action to the movie set.
creates the rmiregistry for the specified port.
gets statistics from the file, and sends it to the given listener.
resets all internal state values to their initial values.
adds a space to the end of the output if the last character is a whitespace character.
handles duplicate request handler request.
returns true if this object has expired, or false if the time has passed in is less
generates the given visitor to visit this member.
returns an array of native string special properties.
this method is called when a query is done.
returns a list of the former identities of this node.
change the parameter and return the hastings ratio.
this method is called when the progress of the chart is changed.
returns a localdate with the specified epoch day in japanese calendar system.
ensures that all grid caches have at least one entries in local and peek modes.
return the node with the matching hash code and key. < p > note : this is
adds a language to the list of supported languages.
used to search for the index of the smallest value greater than or equal to the specified search
adds a new user to the users repository.
mix k1 & k2 into block h1 and h2, returning the modified hash
register a new host in the host list.
add a new flow to the reconcile queue and schedule a reschedule of the reconcile task.
creates a jar from the given file output stream and writes all the jar entries to the given
appends a new cell to the current row containing the specified integer value.
add a server proxy failure to the expect.
removes the parameter with the specified key from the list of parameters.
recalculates the attribute statistics for the given attribute.
returns true if the node has no children.
inserts a new column at the given index.
returns the index of the first occurrance of the character in the input string.
calculates the size of the rhs of a production.
execute a scripted command using the given name and argument types from the given input stream.
invokes the compiled command class with the given args and interpreter and callstack.
compute probabilities for a multinomial logistic model.
adds a new client to the external client data store.
deletes a file ( if it exists ) and all its content ( if it exists )
adds the export group remove volume steps.
samples the distribution using gibbs sampling, and computes the log - likelihood of the inference
removes the given dbg token from the table.
adjust min and max preferences size for spanning comps.
parses the file and sends the events to the listener.
ensures that the given byte is an escape sequence that can be represented as a sequence number
returns the network parameters for the given id.
adds all certificates and crls contained in the certstore to the certificatemanager.
saves the body of this message to the given stream.
find the angle between the origin and the target point.
appends a whitespace character to the appendable.
clears the resource index for the specified resource type.
returns the bitcoin encoding of this message as an array of bytes.
generates a list of periods rolling over the last 30 days.
returns the labels for the vertex matches of this match pattern.
reset unread counts for a given section.
add a new category to the list of categories.
callnonvirtualmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns an object.
tries to send all other messages to all connected connected nodes sorted by their delivery time.
generates a color based on the current state of the object.
this test verifies that the streams can be converted to the correct type.
caches the client user id for the given consumerbean, using the given internal id.
searches in the tree for a node matching the specified hash code and key.
utility method to query the modifier flags of this member.
executes the specified task on the given image, waiting for the image to be processed,
do_doit ( ) - do it ( ) - generate the query and return the
compute s2cellid from face i, j, and face_i and face_
updates the enabled / disabled state of the actions depending on whether the project is loaded.
closes the underlying input stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
returns true if the number can be truncated due to too long, and false otherwise.
returns true if the given time is within the comparison epsilon, and false otherwise.
the histogram to use as the default value for this field.
creates a new weekday label.
appends the given relative path to the current path, returning the result as a path object
returns the index of the specified substring in the specified value.
future. submit ( null ) throws nullpointerexception.
reads a signed 16 - bit value.
add a preprocessor directive to the list of preprocessor directives.
formats the given date with the default format and appends it to the given buffer.
clears all lap results and returns this instance.
add a constraint for finding string values that do not have a property with the specified key.
adds an attribute value.
copies all data from the given input stream to the given output stream.
prints all public or protected members of a type.
initializes basic variables and basic rows in the basic table.
invoked when a mouse button has been released.
check if there is free space on windows on windows.
attach a sip sip header to this message.
performs a phonemulation of the given text at the given position.
stops the application and exits with the specified exit code.
constructs a new state with the given value.
gets the hash code of the specified object.
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one.
asserts that a pivot field, value, and count are the same.
returns a string containing the xml representation of this object.
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer.
visits all files in a directory, including sub - directories and sub - files.
highlight any hashtags in the given text.
process an input block, and write the output block to the output block.
get the topic for the specified command.
throws an exception if the given array is null or length ( 0 ) and length ( 0
execute a http get request and return the content as an input stream.
java. crypto. sr. setseed ( byte [ ] ) method testing.
performs flipping of an image vertically and returns the new image.
creates a new morfologik filter factory.
execute the callable, wrapping an exception in a runtimeexception, and finally.
returns a string of the given length such that the string pads the left with spaces.
returns a hashcode based on the policyidentifier and policyqualifiers.
create a new unixterminal with system. in, system. out, and default character set
returns true if the cell at the specified index of the table is editable, and false otherwise
checks if all the streams are still alive and if they are, remove them from the list
adds a package name to the priority packages list.
action to be performed on the button of the open - remote - server.
verifies a certificate against a set of crls, and returns an error message if none
binary std - expand binary std - std - out.
constructs a new capabilities object with the specified supported encodings and the specified maximum channel count.
returns true if the graph generated by the graphcreator is rotating the edge labels.
creates a response code for an extension with the given name.
returns the default inverse cumulative probability test values.
appends the string representation of the boolean argument.
deletes a set of servers.
sorts the specified range of a sorted array a, left, right, using the specified
reports a fatal error.
adds a terminal to the set if it is not already there.
recursivly create the node at the given path if it does not exist.
stop recording, quit and send message to client.
writes a tag to the output stream, followed by the tag payload.
returns a hash code value for this timestamp.
create a new type variable and add it to the list of type variables.
iterates from this number down to the given one, inclusive, decrementing by one each
adds a raw select element to the select clause.
removes the listener from the list of listeners.
checks if a geo time serie is a normal, according to bessel's rule
start the progress bar and set the start time to the current time.
parses a repository expression.
closes this output stream and releases any buffer associated with it.
add a new source section to the list of sections.
loads a genome relationships file and returns a genome relationships object.
extract the parts of the version from the version string.
computes the type of this data model.
returns true if two doubles are equal within a tolerance.
loads a json model from the given file.
split a less comment line into an array of strings.
creates a number of volumes and adds them to the test volume data.
converts a linkedhashmap to an object of the given type.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
returns true if the remblock is the start block, and false if it isn't
returns true if the password has been verified to be able to perform this operation.
split the pdf document by a specified number of pages.
utility method to validate that the auth scheme set is non - empty and contains only the
converts a uuiurn string to a uuid.
read the next line from standard input, returning null if there are no more lines.
decodes a base64 string into a byte [ ].
creates a new gradient that colors as the black and alpha the red of the background of the
match a string to a list of strings.
creates a new node in the graph and links it to the given parent node.
assert that the delivery group and delivery number are the same as the expected delivery state.
create a compile scope for each facets found in the given list of files.
writes the given bitmap to the given file.
parses the given text and returns a sentence object.
replaces an existing child node with a new one.
gets the hash code for the specified multi - key.
flushes the buffered output stream, and flushes the underlying output stream.
add an entry to the info list.
change the position of the slide and notify the listeners.
flush the filter to the writer.
constructs a new videostream object.
compares this string with the specified string.
flushes this output stream, but does not close the underlying stream.
start the servers in a new thread.
evaluates the query against the specified entity class and returns this instance with the total count of
constructs a new instance of this class with the specified algorithm, frequency, and file writer
removes a serviceprovider instance from the list of providers that will no longer be able to
creates a new comparator that will compare against the current date and the smallest that the current date
update the value of the data item corresponding to the index of the data item with the given
writes an float field value.
decodes the reed - solomon encoded data and returns the decoded data as a
return a path for a scroll button apart.
removes all views from the adapter.
returns true if the mobile string is a valid mobile name.
converts an error message from one source line to another one.
returns the hyperbolic sine of the number.
add a notification to the notification panel.
returns true if the attributes have been modified, or false if they have been modified.
gets ignore descriptor for given method.
generates a random sample of the given set of dbids using the given seed value.
draws a random message size in the range [ 0 - 100 ].
grab the arguments of a method.
javax. net. ssl. ssleng # createssleng ( ) ;.
this method will be used to perform the actual processing of the delivery, if the clause is
resets the current candidate state to the beginning of the candidate list, and resets it to
redefines this node with the given nodetype, namespace, local name.
writes a long to the specified position.
delete a list of replication sets.
tries to move to the next frame in the pending queue, if there is one.
see the general contract of the readlong method of datainputstream class.
test de busqueda las metadadas de resultados para usando la
finds the appropriate log implementation based on the user - specified log class name or the system
creates a via header from the passed host, port, transport and branch.
returns a string representation of the checkpoint.
resolves the parameters of the given executable.
returns true if the character is a valid name character.
returns true if the given character is a start of an id.
returns a hash code value for this object.
constructs a new command handler enum with the given command object as parent.
tells whether a given type is a float.
responds to the component resized event.
constructs a new argument.
atomically removes the specified element from this list using the specified snapshot.
removes a model from the list of models.
read data from map file.
calculates the hoeffding distribution ( ln ( observed, trials ).
this method is invoked before a nested view is scrolled.
tests deterministic generation of local instances.
add an appliedregion to the list of appliedregions.
resets the tree to the beginning of the next tree row.
asserts that the specified consumer throws an exception and logs a message if the assertion fails.
returns true if there are no nodes, ways and relations.
asserts that the argument is a boolean value.
constructs a tagkeyvaluemapconverter with a default id key.
checks to see if the debugalltoken is in the dbgtable and if so, sets
attempt to retry the request if an exception is encountered.
sort a file in batches using the given comparator.
add a directory set to the database.
finds the node with the largest key in the range [ 0, hi ].
adds idrepo amsdk to the service configuration.
this method is called when a key is pressed.
returns true if the specified string is a hierachic string.
paints a layer at a specified location.
receives a char from the client and stores it into the buffer.
converts a byte array to a byte buffer.
writes a single byte.
processes local files and returns the uri to which the process should be performed.
generates the screen - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
resets the count and start time to the beginning of the current time.
read an integer from the input stream and return it as an integer.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
add an x500principal to a set of x500crls.
adds a tag transformation to the tag transformation list.
returns true if the file has been modified between the specified time and end offset.
return the characters up to the next token in the input stream, which must be a valid
reads the lyrics3 tag from the given file.
computes the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors.
returns true if the db configuration is present, otherwise false.
check if the pin is an incomplete numerical run.
generates the java script log - alert window with the given message.
returns the best parse of a unary rule.
parse the contents of a dom element.
calculates the euclidean distance between two points.
description of the method.
returns a new string of the specified length such that the string will be padded with the specified
registers a new error result code.
adds the specified set of exceptions to this set.
start the video process.
creates a new license locator.
returns true if the exception has a message that starts with the given class name.
creates a new instance of the project type registry with the given set of project types.
adds a notificationlistener to the mbean.
subtract two negative numbers of the same length.
consumers are subscribed to the topics of this class and sends the messages to the bus
deletes all the attributes of the service from the servicebyattr map.
javax. crypto. dsa. algorithmparameters # init ( byte [ ], byte [
returns true if a given class node is a public class literal.
loads the log file.
creates a new htmlparser with the specified set of arguments.
update a user with the given id, passwd, & lt ; user_id & gt
compute the likelihood of a document.
returns a string representation of the classifier.
is the current safe mode?.
java. util. buffer # getbytes ( int offset, int len, byte [ ]
add item at the end of the list.
returns true if the first message was set to the english or if it has been set to
create a dockerimage from a docker image name.
adds the given channel names to the list of channels to be listened for.
deletes a directory. < p > if the directory exists but is a symbolic link,
deletes all empty favorites.
perform an asynchronous sum operation.
write ( byte [ ] b ) method testing.
parses the xml document from the given data string.
return true if the given volume is a journal for the given production copies.
test for bug https : / / java. lang. constants. testpoundsymbolin
url - escaped data is decoded using the default character encoding, and returned as a string.
wait until there are outstanding outstanding messages to be delivered, or until there are no more outstanding
compute the length of each line of the text and return a dimension representing the length of the
generates and writes the image map for the chart.
adds a new message to the import note.
returns a string representation of this xmlstring instance, optionally including namespace declarations ( if defined )
returns the given collection as a list of string objects.
returns the minimum of the specified values in this chain.
reads bytes from the buffer and writes them to the given buffer.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the size of the array
given a list of item stacks, consolidates any that do not exist in the input stacks
determines how many days the given time has elapsed since the epoch, i.
iswfxml ( ) method used to determine if a character reference is expected to be referenced
xor for zero and zero.
runs the specified consumer function on each'rail'to be called with the value of
java. util. arrays # fill ( char [ ], int, int ) test fails
add missing values to the dataset.
insert records in batches.
removes the specified listener from the list of listeners that will be notified when a tab is
constructs a new thlconnecturimanager.
this method is used to add volumes to parking storage group.
converts a string to an inputstream, using the specified encoding.
has the user chosen to export to pkcs8?.
generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key.
creates a new tick.
returns true if the server is running and cache is not null, otherwise returns false.
log a message with the appropriate level and level - related related logging - - - - -
returns if modifier is public.
creates a map of user / role pairs for a given user.
appends a string value to the end of the current jsonstring stack.
deletes the username from the authenticationinfo and saves the password to the properties file.
log an error occurred.
removes the specified processor from this thread.
cancels and removes the active recover animation from the given view holder.
appends a new string to the vector.
returns true if the given method is contained in the given list of wrapper methods.
removes a node from the list and notifies the network model that the node was deleted.
responds to the update button in the turnout or sensor button.
returns a string representation of this object.
checks if xunit is available. if it is, set m_is_xunit
compute the result of the kernel evaluation on the given vectors.
returns the batch size for this batch.
decodes the given byte array into its url - encoded form. < p / >.
clears the attached scrapers and clears the underlying scrapers.
add a dataset to the chart.
indicate that the current element descriptor has reached the end of an element with the given name
instantiates a new vlc output library with the specified options.
adds a child to the display list at the specified index.
computes minimum sum of all paths in the given array of int [ ].
constructs a time from a date / time.
creates a new dissueralternativename dialog.
returns an automaton that minimizes the given automaton using simple ( simple ) algorithm.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
add a column to the table.
checks to see if the given vector is nan or if it's in the wrong dimensionality
fills a stringbuilder with spaces until it reaches the given offset.
open the file for writing.
calculates kernel value of vectors x and y.
closes this output stream and flushes any buffered output streams and the underlying output stream.
writes a list of files to a file.
mark all types as internal classes.
returns the cosine of this angle in radians.
computes the squared error between the predicted values and the target attribute.
returns the number of prefixes in this set.
appends a character sequence to the output.
converts a timestamp to a string value in milliseconds since 1970 - 01 - 03.
gets the value of the named attribute from the attributes map and remove it from the attrs map
copies the given byte array into this byte array, starting at the specified index.
import a key into the keystore, if the key is not already in the keystore, it
constructs a new instance of connectiongrouptree for the given connectiongroup.
determines whether the given reader contains a single metric.
replaces metatagcontent pattern with metatagcontent returned by getmetatag
removes the given columns from the list of columns.
reads the configuration of the service and stores it in the local service data.
refreshes the preference of this component based on its assigned key codes.
adds the given type mirror to the collection of inherited types.
multiply histogram by scalar.
adds participants to the cache.
converts a map to a json string.
prints this message's context to the given print stream.
returns the number of methods in this class.
store a request id for later retrieval.
saves the soappost object for the given mnipost resplocation and adds it to
go to update the play store page.
creates a new element of the given class scope and add it to the list of known elements
convert a list of files to a list of relative paths.
ensures security manager is set.
calculate rate of payment.
sends an interaction message to the server and waits for the client to return the client '
generates a unique engine id for the specified port.
parses a referential rule set and returns a list of rule objects.
encrypts a w3c dom document and replaces it with wss dom document.
add a transformation issue.
inserts the child at the specified index into the list of children at this node.
calculates the ntlm hash of the password.
check if the double value is between zero and one.
substitute a string value for a given parameter using a given macros handler.
adds all the elements of the array whose values are equal to the given power - of -
given a camel - cased class name, split it into a list of strings.
use an xpath to select a nodelist.
constructs a new result entry with the given properties.
generates the xml for the " discovery " element.
creates a new basic type with the specified type and the specified sql type.
invoked when the user presses the cancel button, or when the user presses the
applies the properties to the service.
rotates the tree from the given root to the left most node in its right list.
adds a new node to the list of nodes.
checks if the set with the given name exists in the backup directory.
converts a comma - separated list of strings into an array of strings.
write the string to the output, but do not write " \ 0 " to the stream
parses the threshold file and returns a list of smartthreshold objects.
shuts down the thread pool.
converts a point on the screen to a point on the screen.
called when the server is ready to connect to the webview, and when the client is
adds a new setupdescriptor to the list of descriptors that are used by this class.
compile a template string for the progress success action.
returns a string containing all float values concatenated by a specified separator.
put an unsigned byte into the specified byte buffer.
returns the number of parameters in the given parameter type.
apply the optimisation algorithm to the given trie and return a new trie with no gaps.
returns true if all granted permissions have been denied.
returns a string representation of this header model.
create a formatter for the specified locale, using the specified time zone.
wait until external storage is mounted.
pushes a value onto the top of the stack.
upload a local file to an apk.
reads all bytes from the given input stream and returns them as a byte array list.
uninstalls the package with the given name and returns the number of deleted packages.
opens the list of played items.
sets one or more names of the attribute names that should be returned in the response to the
tests stepping backwards through a reversed range by one with a closure.
converts a bigdecimal to null if the bigdecimal is longer than the allowed precision.
helper method to deserialize a string to a dom node.
appends the given parameters to the given url.
sends the given event to the agent.
applies the jms filters to the given map of filters.
index all tuples with the given field.
close outputstream without a exception.
adds the specified search listener to the list of listeners that will be notified of search results.
returns true if the container is a single attribute container.
creates a new cache span and renames the file to the new location.
opens a file. < p / >.
toggles the selection state of a photo.
this method is called before the actual tick method is invoked.
map a single character to a byte.
produces an instance of an event from the target method of the target class.
if the name is a keyword or built - in, then return name as a string.
adds a new issue matcher to the list of matchers.
finds the scope of the given annotatedelement.
get the open key for a regname and a subkey for a given securitymask.
removes a propertychangelistener from the list of listeners.
go to the previous position of this iterator and moves the iterator to the new position.
constructs a new image replaced element with the given parameters.
returns true if this compound name starts with the specified compound name.
invokeall ( a bunch of tasks ) returns a list of same values.
creates a new listener object.
generates a signature of the given hash using the standard sha - 1 hash function of the
creates a new time period.
create the edit menu for this neuron editor.
removes the given listener from the list of listeners.
log the current state to the loggers if there are any.
return true if this is a bom ( i. e. it's a bom )
returns the value of the signed field.
creates an object from a text string.
returns the number of elements in this list.
creates a simple database and checks the size of the relation correctly.
adds the file filters to the chooser.
callback invoked when the activity is about to stop.
returns the next string in the stream, or null if there are none left.
eliminar el usuarios del organizo del usuar
add the source layer to the list of layers, but only if the source neuron is
shiftright ( int n ) a positive number.
calculates the logarithm of the coefficients c1 and c2 using the natural log of
finds the index of the first non - whitespace character in the string at or after index
reads the content of this part of the message from the underlying input stream.
constructs a new primitive type for the given object value.
create cash - based journal entries for savings and savings.
reads bytes from the file into the given buffer, starting at the current position, until the
set the time of the calendar to zero value.
returns the probability distribution function.
appends an unpadded integer to the given stringbuffer.
draws the specified text elements.
test de busqueda active directory con atributos.
handles a keypress event from a virtual key code, transitions to a different transition state.
returns a hash code value for this node.
strips the leading period if it exists.
returns true if the given directory is one of the required configuration directories.
remove empty labels from the list and compact them.
rotates vector z by the specified angle in radians, in the direction of the vector.
get nanoseconds from milliseconds since 1970 - 01 - 01 00 : 00.
perform an asynchronous max operation.
creates an https client for the given username and password, using https's default scheme is
creates a new array signature of the given array count following the given type signature.
writes a newline character.
increase the size of the buffered data to the given minimum size.
handles the enumerated attribute evaluation.
check if we need to load more.
adds a new worker thread to the pool if there are no more workers to do so.
removes the node at the head of the frontier and adds it to the explored
creates a bitmap font with the specified parameters.
returns true if the memory pool is a tenured pool.
get a simple string representation of the dataset.
interpreter only. < p / > note : this method is intended only to be used
adds a selector for the given protocol to the given protocoldispatchselector.
adds a header to this response.
read a skel file.
returns a list of all non - monogamous samples from a collection of families.
creates a vao for the scene with the given boxes.
checks if the given file exists and contains the given file with the given content.
loads an image file into a boolean [ 2 ] [ ].
update egdm collected receipt status when cancelled.
adds an animation to this view.
cleans up the discovery system and persists it to the database.
initializes the tokenizer with the initial sequence of words, and also initializes the tokenizer's
check if a string exists in a given range of characters.
unregisters all watchers for the specified path.
add a property to the filter.
removes the column with the given column name from the table.
check if the unmanagedprotectionset with the native guid string exists in db.
put string to byte array.
executes the given query and verifies that the result is the same as the given result.
atomically updates the current value with the results of applying the given function, and returns the
shuts down the timer and disposes the window.
returns true if the resource should be moved based on the health of the load balancer service.
convert the throwable messages in the given array into the message of the first element in the array
creates a new raf object for a file at the given path.
adds the given minutes to the list if it's not already there.
recompose the given variable if it isn't already in the list, otherwise add it
this method gets called when a bound property is changed.
sorts the given array if the array is not already sorted.
execute an insert / update statement.
apply a text normal operation to the current text object.
initializes the log manager with the given database connection.
adds a collection of indices.
returns true if the cookie is secure, or false if the cookie is not secure.
loads a json stream to a list of models.
creates a multistep expression list from a vector of paths.
computes the weight weight for the channel, and adds it to the channel's word
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate3 ( ). sets foreign keys to their default
inserts all exceptional instructions in this ir and removes any other exceptions in this ir.
converts this object's contents to a space - separated spaced string.
parse the content type value from the given byte array.
runs the benchmark without caching the results.
draws a line from the last point on the last line.
parses the output from the command and returns a list of the conflicting files.
sends the start of the message.
add amount to actual qty.
determines if a character is a vowel.
prints the stack trace of the exception to the specified printwriter.
read all the data from the given input stream.
removes the element at the specified position in this list.
creates a new row of components with the given label text and the given hint.
adds additional target elements to the target elements of the generated generated code. < p / >
add a line from the last point to the end of the path.
divide : rounding mode is round_up, result is negative.
this method opens the counter data input stream if it's not already open.
constructs a composite predicate from two predicates.
reads the next word, if there are more tokens, then return the next token, otherwise
appends a string representation of the given string to the given string buffer.
checks if the specified file exists in the external storage.
builds the associations for the given data.
replaces the first occurrence of a substring in a string with another string.
this class should not be instantiated.
add an object to the class loader.
returns the first element with the given names in the given set of child element names.
main entry point for the application.
returns a hashcode for the string.
tests the functionality of the method, which allows to add all helper text colors, which are
normalizes the given array by dividing each element by the maximum of its values.
writes a message to a file.
returns a hash code value for this object.
generates a float in the range [ start, end ).
writes a binary file with the given name, mime type, file name, and data bytes
this method is called when the configuration of the app has changed, so we can change the
get a keymap from the instances with the specified key.
returns true if the string is a gm name ( i.
makes sure that the uri does not start with " : " and does not start with
deletes the mapping with the specified key from this map.
helper method to add the whole portion of the match string to the given string builder.
starts the timer. this method should be called before the timer's run ( ).
returns an instance of this. isnull [ 0 ] if this. isnull [ 0
removes all of the specified characters from the source string.
adds the column names for all columns in the table represented by the query model.
copy stream from input stream to output stream.
checks and setups the streams drawer with the contents of the stream list view adapter.
simple floating point number type with simple floating point numbering.
copies the specified component to the parent of this component.
calculates the zetastatic distribution for a given st, n, and theta.
calculates the total pending advance for this work order.
load a profile for a user.
scrolls through the list and increases the index by the given amount.
returns true if the symbol needs quoting ( i. e. it starts with a letter and
parses the commit counter file name and returns the corresponding long value.
load a xml document from a file.
creates a new node with an empty float comment.
checks if there is any hod departments for the given assignment id.
creates a single label mode for a munger for one or more languages.
returns all files that match the given spec.
assigns cluster numbers for this node and all its children.
closes the current path at the end of the current path.
instantiates a new show episode scrape task.
save selection of selected rows in mini - table.
creates new instance of this notification type with the given name, description and null as the default
cancels and cleans up a running task.
creates a temporary directory in the given parent directory.
move the cursor to a new location.
sends an event to telemetry.
handles the pressed column in the header of the table.
creates a list of fixedrecords with the given size.
adds attributes to this query params if they do not already exist.
recompose the list of attribute sets for the given elemattributeset.
split a string based on a regular expression.
deletes all the dbffdc files in the directory specified by " directorytodelete "
finds the last node in the list, or null if no such node exists.
appends the data to the nal unit.
return the size of a directory.
pans the view of the view by the given location ( dx, dy ) in absolute
asserts that the serialized object is the same and that the hash code of the object matches
returns the url of the url of the guide of the documentation.
calculates the mean of all elements in the list.
converts a byte array to a hex string.
constructs a new in input stream from the given url.
removes the enablefullscreen runnable from the handler if it's still available.
converts html entities to their character.
writes a vector of bytes to the buffer.
unlock process - - begin processing - - end reporting - - - end reporting - - end
builds a map from the vplex system to the storage systems connected to the vplex
encrypts the given plain text using aes - cbc using salt and aes - cbc
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
this method is called when the editor is about to be deinstalled.
returns true if the client is configured to use a secure cipher.
samples the given record and adds a sample to the samples list, and updates the interval.
prepares the tenant parameter for creating a new tenant.
force an internal error to be thrown.
draws the highlighted node, with the specified width and height, and the color of the
returns an instance of the appropriate image encoder for the specified format.
apply the ontouchlistener to the imageview.
parses a file option, uses default if option is missing.
is acct balanced.
increases the capacity to ensure that it can hold at least the specified number of bits
returns the base bundle name for the specified detail method.
this method is called when the output stream has been written to this output stream and the output
lock the screen for the duration of this operation.
invokes either the createstatement or preparecall methods depending on the method name.
removes the entry with the specified id from the index.
called when the user presses the " open " button in order to open the database.
loads the client details entity from the oidc authorization request.
adds a field property to this legacy class.
parse the " no wild cards " part of the path.
returns a map of the environment variables and the base64 encoding of the string to use as
the graphical representation of a series.
listen for changes in the mod log for a specific user.
returns true if the classname is a valid java class name.
set the clock to the next minute. if the clock is in sync mode, it will
returns true if the data collection scan job scheduling is needed, based on the last scan time
removes the breakpoint with the breakpointaddressset from the breakpoint storage.
replaces the creation template with the given template name.
reads default serializable field values from stream.
adds the specified element to this set.
converts a byte [ ] to a hexadecimal string.
creates a new cluster server.
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes.
a minimum completionstage completes normally with a reference to the same value in the completionstage.
writes a directory - related post - resource at the given path.
trims the given int array to be large enough to hold at least the given size.
gets potion type from potion table name.
removes a curlmesh from the list of curlmeshes.
samples nbest list of datum for a given source, sourceid, translations and references.
posts a runnable to the event dispatching thread.
returns true if the map has been closed.
inserts a think time value into the script.
adds the given instruction to the list of nodes and edges if there's a previous instruction
ensures that the buffer's capacity is equal to or greater than the given minimum capacity
removes the given name from the list of names that should be returned to the client.
parses the json data from a stream and returns a list of objects of the given type
add a targeted weapon to the list of hitbyswarms.
check to see if a checkpoint exists for a given key.
create an omraster, lat / lon placement with an imageicon.
copies the input stream to the output stream and writes it to the output stream.
writes the header of the ros file.
parses a " string " starting with the specified closing character, advancing the stream
emit code to unwrap the return value of a primitive type.
formats the given parts as a link with an anchor and text.
constructs a jsonexception with the given cause as a nested cause.
tries to fix the given utils, if they don't exist yet, and returns true
initializes the loader with the patterns to read from and compiles them to a list of
returns a list of all files or directories in a given directory.
returns a string representation of this edit node and all its children, including the given indenting
encodes a int value using the vlq base 64 scheme.
removes the given overlay from the list of overlays for the given cell.
removes the specified foreign key from this entity.
inserts the string representation of the double argument into this string buffer.
adds a gefaehrdungs umsetzungen.
converts a class path into a normalized path.
constructs a new sequence with the given object as as argument.
pushes an element onto the top of the stack.
converts the string type of the given node to the string type of the given type.
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate7 ( ). updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate
returns a future of history read responses. < p > note : the future will be canceled
validates that this uri is valid according to whether it has a scheme, local vm id
finishes writing and signals any threads waiting for any new data to be written.
returns the physical address corresponding to the given offset in the file.
an internal entity declaration.
checks to see if the current user is authorized to perform the given operation and credential.
reads and returns the next element.
add messages to the player's messages queue.
set the rational function that will be called when the value of the rational field is
constructs a genericprincipal with the specified user name, password, and optional roles.
compares this object with the specified object for equality.
rolls one day by a dice of one day.
converts an array of octet - stream encoded octets into an array of octet - stream encoded
creates a new panel object.
returns the height of the item at the specified index in the array, or 0 if not
start the consumer consumer thread.
calculates the distance between two instances.
finds the objects that are same - as a chaining of the given resources.
reindex all tables and triggers in the database.
returns the dot representation of the inference context.
resizes the tables so that the object data can be re - used at a new time
returns true if there is a next inetaddress in the queue.
converts a percentile level iterated to an x value.
get the queue name from the database name ( e.
use this symbol in the given context or return id if nothing found.
returns the angle between the current touch point and the target touch point.
reads a 16 - bit unsigned value from the data starting at the given offset.
removes quotation marks in the options of the given file if they are encolos
generates a label for the series.
matches the given regex pattern against the given string and returns true if at least one of the
returns the new preferred size if the new preferred size is equal to old_preferred_size
find the field with the given name and descriptor.
constructs a new instance, based on the supplied date / time and time zone.
constructs a new instance of this class.
if there is no field with the specified key, then associate the given value with the specified
reads the boolean value from the json array for specified index.
auto - boxing for boolean, char, short, int, float, long, double
open the pdf file for reading.
the main entry point for this class.
waits for a waiter to be released, or returns null if no waiting.
construct a set of signatures from a set of partitions and a set of markers.
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number.
finds the end of a line and trims any leading and trailing newline characters.
calculates the coordinates of the first and second coordinate that should be used for the next glyph
returns a java. util. date instance from a julian day.
removes the last element of the stack if it is the same as the specified object.
renders the compact representation of the rdf structure and writes out the structure of the compact representation
computes the utility table for a query variable.
converts a list of strings to a list of floats.
moves the current image to the next image in the queue.
creates a new instance of this class and parses the data from the given data input stream.
finds the best insertion of the relocation activity in the history of the current relocation
writes a short ( 32 bit ) to the target stream.
returns true if the pool manager is initialized, or false if no pool manager is initialized.
this method is called when the user enters the " register " button.
adds an extra valid subject to the list of valid subjects to be used when parsing the statements
trims the leading and trailing whitespace from the given line.
returns the 2 - dimensional distance between p1 and p2.
append a new instruction to the end of the fmb.
return an iterator over the elements in the ordered list.
verify that the given set of domains are not in use.
filter out all circles in the given set of intersections and report them.
initializes without a junitunit instance.
finds the serialization type for the given annotateda and sets it to usestatictyping
converts a scene from an input stream, and writes the scene to an output stream.
creates a new map with the same mappings and the same values.
write a character array to the output stream.
loads the mary2freetts voice, if it's available.
puts a key / value pair into the array, optimizing for the case where the key
add an incremental classifier listener.
reads a 16 bit float from the input stream and returns it as a float object.
generates certificates from the stream and stores them in the java. security. certificate in
check if all files in src folder exist on the destination folder but not all the files in
converts the order by clause and the fetch clause to the order by clause.
sets world state to set a random tick starting at the given position.
updates the purchase in the history and updates the purchased / refunded items.
configure a message label.
removes all limit lines.
return a new instance which contains all of the elements in the provided stream.
converts crop region to metering region for normalized camera coordinate cropping.
flushes the internal buffer and the underlying output stream.
constructs a vector with the given array of components.
visits an inner class and sets the access attribute if the class is the same as the
converts longitude value to pixel value in world coordinates.
indicates whether the world file values appear as a geographic location and pixel size.
stores the given register number in the stream.
removes the session with the given id from the remote session set.
returns a string representation of this vector.
return an iterator over the children of this page.
enables metrics for the server by setting " opt - out " = true in the config
constructs a new hmac - md5 digest with the specified key.
indicates whether this string buffer starts with the specified string.
writes the entire contents of the byte buffer to the underlying output stream, without flushing the buffer
returns true if clz is in the list of src classes.
reads a ldif entry and writes it to the given connection.
prints the progress of a row read / writing to the output stream.
attempts to release the lock on the remote object.
load a list of positions within a specified time range.
creates a checkbox with the given text and icon, toggling the value of the checkbox
adds a request batch to the database as a completed batch.
dequeue an output buffer if the size of the buffer is less than or equal to the
create a jobdefinition for a retryable fixed delay job.
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid, or null if its not found.
stores given long value.
this method creates the minimal folds for the binary cas and returns the output folder.
signs an xml document.
displays the popup window and sets the value of the popup to the current editor item.
constructs an sdfwriter with preread type and sequence type.
tries to find the best firing plan under the given heat.
map a volumegroup to a volumegrouprestrep.
posts a list of files and directories.
removes all the searchables from the list that are searchable.
adds a new action listener to the list of listeners that will be notified of changes in the
adds an ingredient to the list of ingredients. if count is greater than
returns the order by clause as a comma - separated string.
finds a clone of the given key in clonelist.
converts the specified string to bytes using the specified encoding.
returns true if the string value looks like an abbreviated string for the background of an abg
starts a new process and waits for it to finish.
adds a meta character to the replacement map, replacing it with the given replacement.
does the real work of matchingitems ( ) and matchingitems ( ).
finds all history records for the given job.
converts single - character to its quoted - printable form. for example, " & "
updates the list of the pending nodes with the estimated remaining cost of the landmarks.
description of the method.
draws an overflow indicator at the bottom of the button.
writes a line of values to the file.
returns true if the input stream starts with a pem header.
constructs a new close listener with the given resource.
allows you to set the routing of the request.
receive the next packet from the socket and return it as an array of bytes.
delete the attribute at the specified position.
adds the labels for the given locale to the alphabetic index.
wrap a key into a byte array.
creates a new plugin loader for the given server instance.
writes a separator string to the log.
checks if the save location exists and if it's the same as the saved location.
loads the raw module data from the database.
writes the tag and data of this tag to the given stream in the correct order.
round a double value to a positive integer value with the given random number generator.
converts a map of properties to a map of type names.
parses the register information.
constructs a named thread factory.
unit test for encoding a single uint16 metric message.
add a server transaction to the sip message.
sleeps for a specified amount of time before giving up.
test splitpropertiesonpipe ( ) returns properties that are nested in pipe ( ) properties.
simple test to verify that boolean values are converted to strings.
returns true if this object is busy, or false if it is busy.
parses bytes from the input stream and writes them to the output stream.
resets the connection quality to unknown and clears the current bandwidth information.
tests whether a security role is correctly merged into an empty descriptor.
decodes a fullrevision operation.
recursively removes child character data nodes from the given node.
atomically moves node to the tail of the list, and signal if the queue is full
returns the mix of friction between two friction values.
serialize an object to a json string using the specified content - type.
compile s_zr instruction, returns true if the instruction can be compiled.
determines if native volume expansion is supported by the passed vplex volume.
update the gui with the roster information.
returns the oizp of the given number.
returns a new terminal size that is the same as this one but with a different size.
returns true if gzip compression is supported for the given request.
constructs a replayprocessor with a specified buffer size and optionally unbounded buffer size.
called when the adapter shows a list of conversations.
reads a single octet from the underlying input stream and returns it as an integer with the two
enqueue a new job.
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number.
receive notification of the start of an element.
draws the specified string at the specified location.
reads characters into the specified array.
update the nonce parameters ( if the current one is the one that has been modified ).
matches the virtual pool with the rp system id.
calculate the fee for a particular player, based on trading fee percentage and player's
adds the search history from the current text field to the list of search history.
returns a new arraylist containing all the files that should be removed from the list.
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array, with the given string as
writes a 16 - bit integer to the target stream.
sets the order by clause of the query.
creates a stemmedstring instance from original string and stemmed string.
constructs a new lognetworkstreammerger.
pack a list of cipher suites into a single string.
constructs a new extensionfilefilter with the given description and extension.
ensures that the tuple array is large enough to hold all the tuples for the given row
determines if the given string is an argument.
removes all of the children of the specified type from the specified node.
sets the current value to the given value, but only if the current value is not already
returns true if the passed savepoint is a valid source savepoint.
sets the columns in the table editor to the values of the fields in the result set.
write a collection of lines to a file.
removes all of the elements from the list.
resets the uid validity to the current time, and returns the new timestamp.
write the header of an ogg page.
processes a static site request.
removes a room from the room manager.
discharge the item in the stack by the given amount.
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list.
adds all of the elements in the specified collection to the selection.
returns true if the device has the specified feature.
gets the partitions for the given node in the backup table.
set the url of an image to be loaded and return this loader for chaining.
build the pivot transform matrix from the pivot transform queue.
converts a byte array to a hex string.
create a new bidi line.
returns true if the given package matches the given requirement ( if not empty ) and auth requirements
paints the background of the internal frame title pane.
add a graphlistener to the list of listeners that will be notified when the graph changes.
restarts and installs patches in the patch directory.
aligns the given real - pred matrix with 0. 0. 0 and 0. 0
is category - return true if category exists ; return false if not found, false if not
creates new form allstatsditablemultiple.
this method is intended to be used by the append method to append a file to the current
provide a list of white - list elements. < br >.
returns true if the name starts with " - ` ", and does not start with "
constructs an input stream from the given buffer.
loads a properties file.
prints out the given boolean field to the target.
renders a list of views in textual representation.
removes all listeners from the list of listeners to be notified when the database is deleted.
loads an audiomaptype from the xml file.
adds a generic attribute to the list of generic attributes.
this method will take a list of fahrtevents and add it to fahrze
creates a new instance of the given class, if it's accessible, without service loader
checks that the uuid is valid and has the given hash code.
prepare the output stream for writing to the given channel.
checks the status of all the servers and sites and if they're they will be cleaned
writes the trace angle restriction object to a stream.
create a new iv for a literal value.
adds a http header with the specified name and value.
adds the given atom as a child of this atom.
returns the cumulative density function of the normal distribution.
removes the named result from the result set.
adds a new entry to the filter model and initializes all fields to their default values.
mod for two negative numbers ; the first is positive ; the second is negative ;.
constructs a new dexportkeypairpkcs8 dialog.
returns the sum of the results of the given sql aggregate expression.
calculates the offset for the x axis.
called when the fragment has been completely finished.
write the xmlbundle to a temporary file and verify that the file contains the expected lines.
add the specified number of days to the current date and return the new string.
creates a temporary file with the given mime type.
returns an enumeration describing the available options.
removes an entry from the dataset at the given xindex.
runs a read test for a byte [ ] input, using the specified compression mode.
closes given resource logging possible checked exception.
removes the element if it is equal to the specified element in this list.
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height, and new raster
create the scheduler command line arguments.
adds a single solrinputdocument to the list of documents to be analyzed.
calls the next provider in the next phase of the phase of the phase of the given key
constructs a new, empty simplesystempermissionset.
add a bezier curve at ( x, y, x3, y3 ).
reads buckets from preferences and restores them to their default values.
returns the next character in the input stream, advancing the index, advancing
accept an offer, remove it from the offer list and add it to the accepted offers list
verifies that the public key is valid for this signature, using the specified public key and
inject all modules required for the activity.
waits for the writer request to be committed.
reads a date value from the stream.
removes the specified selection listener.
writes the given integer as a hex value into the underlying socket output stream.
reads the contents of an inputstreamreader and returns it as a string.
convert a list of type parameters to a list of type parameters.
get the free memory in kilobytes or if it's on a unix
reads all bytes from the input stream and closes the input stream.
determines if n is within two moves of at least one of the following moves.
creates a new instance of penn - treebankreader.
this method is called when the receiver receives a message from the server.
closes the underlying output stream.
apply row change data to the database.
normalizes the given namedlist by removing the leading " # " and any namedlists that
returns true if the value is infinite.
inprogress log segment name for log segment creation.
adds a new value to the histogram.
receives redundancy data from the client and stores it into the internal buffer.
output a declaration of a document type.
returns true if the given vector2f has a valid x and y values.
resolves the given target url into the given base url.
computes the maximum depth of a node and all its children.
converts a path string to an array of urls.
adds the final stack to the final stack.
fires a connection closed event to all registered listeners.
stores int value into object without changing it in volatile mode.
constructs a number strategy for a specific field.
create a uri from a set of server inetaddress.
creates a new plotnavigator for the given plot.
adds a new column with the given class to the model.
constructs a new pointcomparator with the specified dimension.
adds an element to an xml document.
flush the output buffer to the underlying output stream.
appends the string representation of the specified character to the beginning of this list.
adds an instance of the given class name to the list of interfaces that implement this class.
reads data into the specified buffer.
returns true if the window is visible and expecting at least one component to be displayed.
process the " numtestsrunstartd " tag which indicates the start of a test.
inserts the specified character into this string builder.
adds a new root node to the list of roots.
expands the specified element or tree path and selects it at the specified level.
appends a new cell to the row containing the provided float value.
constructs a new instance of this class with the given configuration.
ensures that the canvas's dimensions are at least the given maxwidth and maxheight
checks whether the given character sequence is normalized to the given form, according to the option.
returns a string representation of the filter.
un - escape a som string.
saves a column entity to the datastore as a result of a save ( ) request.
reads the copy state from the given input.
flushes the name of the dangling object before the name of the object is written
redeem a token for the given token number and service.
lighten a color by a factor.
converts an operand size constant into a string suitable for saving to a database.
returns the file name of the class with the specified class name and the specified type suffix.
write the process variable pv at the specified recursive depth.
asserts that a qualified name string is set.
formats the float array d with the specified number format.
packs a string into an int [ ] with 0x00, 0x00,
removes the given viewpoint indices from the list of viewpoint indices.
clear the onpagechangelistener. this is called when a change occurs on a page
update the background of the input field based on the current text of the textfield.
removes the view from the list of views that should be ignored.
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream.
returns true if the resource is currently in the system time, or if the resource is not
finds the maximal possible number of fill values.
clears the list of categories and titles and values.
toggles the selected state of the section at the given index.
combines a list of files into a single output file.
stops the scrolling instance.
computes the value of the sum of in2 and sets the value of in1 to
create a fixed - length response with the given message.
return the next event or throws an exception if there are no more events.
replaces the end point of the url with the default endpoint.
makes the ok path.
adds a name and value pair to the members of this class.
adds whitespace to a list of strings.
computes the type name for the given widget node, or null if the type is not
parses ftyp atom data and returns true if it's a quicktime brand.
parses a comma - separated list of strings into a map of name / value pairs.
issue a http delete and assert the response status code.
calculates the sum of the running sums of the density distribution that have the given value.
creates a copy of the categorical table.
get a new sub configuration with the given prefix and key prefix.
maps the resource name to the display name for the service.
construct a new integer column with the specified default value.
returns a string representation of this object.
executes a potential work on the bitmap worker thread.
add bitmap to queue for later retrieval.
add a listener that will be notified when the server is ready to start.
tries to read enough bytes from the input stream and return the number of bytes that can be
constructs a new relation notification.
below method will be used to add data to data store. this method will add data rows
return true if the given host or domain is the same as the local host or domain.
calculates the entropy of a dataset.
saves the working instances to a file.
calculates the appropriate color for the animation based on the position of the animation.
reads into a portion of an array of characters.
adjusts the indention by the amount of space needed to the next line of the current
appends the generated bytecode for this field to the given string builder.
constructs a new forwardplanner for a dialogue system.
add a button to a container.
returns true if we don't match for the given tag in the given attributes.
returns a string representation of the business object data key.
create a talk usage object from the inittellio. json file.
finds enclosing call of a method with the given name and consumer.
genovfenvisoimages command to generate iso image from ovfenv.
create an actionable event.
instantiates a new rational object.
removes all notifications of the specified type.
unifies the head and body of the given atom as if it is a via atom.
adds the given uuid to the ssf node.
returns the offset in bytes of an object field.
appends the xml representation of this object to the provided stringbuilder.
dispose - cancel the run button.
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged with the additional source to be
shuts down the server thread and the sessions.
returns true if the local id is a valid local id, and false if it is not
binds the server socket to a specific port.
returns 0 if interrupted, otherwise returns 1 if interrupted, or returns reinterrupt.
resets the ansi and the string builders used for output.
writes carriers carriers and their plans to a file.
removes a listener from the list of resource listeners.
test that a manifest with a launcher activity can be found.
informs the given message buffer if the given name has a name that is similar to the
writes the header of the file.
returns the name of the java vendor used by this build.
constructs a new voiceresult with the given match and confidence value.
breadth - first traversal of the tree, starting at the root of this node, and
adds a set of names to the tree if the name of the category matches one of the
adds a listener that will be notified when the drawer is informed of new drawer events.
start the activity to edit the note with the given note id.
adds a new entry at the given input and output positions.
hides the action bar if it is not hidden.
formats a time delta in the following formats : 00 : mm : ss, hh : mm
deconvolve a probability density function with a given rate.
collapses newlines in a string.
reads default serializable fields from the stream, initializing this instance with the object's default values
returns the total of the values in one column of the given data table.
opens an analysis file.
called when the children of this beancontext are removed from the beancontext.
performs some processing on the given item.
removes instances from the containers in the allocation from the ram requirements of the given components.
draws a line for a normal message.
send kill consist command to loco.
starts listening for data in this bucket and returns the key that will be listening on this bucket
parses a bitmask into a set of flags.
verifies the signature in the given bytes using the sha - 256 algorithm.
add a match string to the list of strings that should be matched.
returns a string representation of the current time in milli seconds since the epoch.
converts a hex string to a byte array.
stops tracking a job and returns whether the job was removed from the tracker or not.
returns the coefficient of the standard deviation.
returns a string representation of the instance.
creates a new skeleton version checker with the given default version.
upgrades an existing attribute schema to a new version of the attribute.
converts a canonical name into a dalvik name.
emits a method that requires a collection field to be used as the return of a method
this method will be used to unregister a client from the cache. this method will be called
handles double - quotes special characters in the given resource in order to correctly handle them.
allocates a container with the specified resource capacity and padding percentage.
check if uri represents local resource.
waits for the specified file to be mounted. if the file is not yet mounted,
returns true if this resource is a zone level resource.
validate the received message, throwing an exception if something is wrong.
close source and target databases.
calculates the md5 hash of the message.
run a metastore compare job.
deletes a set of sub people containers.
test of findrecentmessageuidsinmailbox method, which return a list of messageuids
queue an event to be run in the event queue.
add an error message to the error messages list.
increases the capacity of this array, to ensure that it can accomodate the specified
write a key - value mapping to the key - value store.
executes a query using a solrqueryrequest and returns the results as a string.
returns whether or not both link a and link b have the same freespeed and capacity
generates a sanitized version of the id that can be used as a value for an attribute
removes the provider with the specified index from the list of providers.
parses an xml element as an object.
formats a money object into a string.
deletes an instance of the entryclass, and removes the class from entryclasses if it
returns a properties object representing the pac settings available on the pac server.
log a warning message.
reads the contents of an input stream as a string.
constructs a new array field vector initialized with the preset value and the same order as the
unregister a transaction service plugin.
sort a set of sortable levels, in order to preserve the order of the levels in
test that the model class is consistent with the parent classes. < p >.
this method is called when a mapbeanbean is found in the mapbeancontext.
removes all layers from the map.
returns the number of productions in this grammar.
creates the path given in zookeeper with the given data and acl in the given mode.
write the object to the output stream.
compares this object with the supplied object and returns true if they are equal.
creates a new reflectiveattribute with the given object type, field name, and type
adds an event to the event log.
removes a membership listener.
add a new message to a given uri.
present the image on the screen.
moves the calendar to the next day of the year.
binds an angular object from the wire to the appropriate interpreter group for the given paragraph.
removes from the given list all elements starting at the given indexes ( inclusive ).
creates a new panel object.
determine if the expression is an object.
returns the value of the interpolator at the current time, or zero if no interpolation
tries to request all the channel's mods if the auto - request mods enabled is enabled
returns true if the specified value is contained in this set.
renames the file in the database to the new file name.
helper method to check if there are any error violations. if so, it will exit with
removes the specified sensor from this sensor selection model.
prints a way to the map.
returns a string representation of this packet.
returns the path of the parent of the given managed object.
returns true if there is a next proxy.
returns true if no object was clicked.
returns a hash code value for this object.
specify a map of measurement names to pattern patterns.
extracts a zip file to the given directory.
creates a new instance of the configuration from the specified file.
creates new form gotolinedialog.
sends the teardown request and flushes the output stream.
parses more data from the given encodedimage.
test ping with a simple ear server.
returns the length of this array.
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one.
notify wifi state change.
checks if a key / value exists in the visited list.
removes a diagramchangelistener from the list of listeners that will be notified about diagram
gets grid object with the given key and creates a new grid object if it does not exist
removes leading dollar ( ) from a string.
clears the host context.
constructs a new instance with a default value of 0. 0 for p < = p
create the chart and start the stage.
accepts a data point and dispatches the data to the listener.
subtracts the set of ranges from another named range set.
create a tailer instance for the given file.
is operating system mac?.
returns the number of values in the set.
creates a new dviewasn1dump dialog.
returns the string with all leading and trailing whitespace removed.
puts a message into the queue.
dispose the menu. this method is called when the menu is being disposed.
returns the signed euclidean distance between this point and p_point.
expands the given number string into a list of words in the wordrelation.
creates an empty array of length l.
submits a permission request to the server.
test setting properties of a deployable with a default project.
creates a new instance of navilogger.
creates a new delete - xxx sub - command for a set relation.
removes all cycles from the graph.
returns a description of this matrix as a string.
find the ancestor element that matches the given frommatchpattern and countmatchpattern.
kills the process. if it is running, the stdin will be closed and the process
encodes a charbuffer using this coder's encoding.
creates a new metrics based on the provided dimension map.
resolves a class using the rmi - loader to resolve the class.
does the shape contain the given point?.
adds a byte array to the buffer, growing the buffer if needed.
is use anti - alias enabled?.
this method will read the level file and put the result in the cache.
validates the contents of a zero - long file ( if checkcontents = true ).
writes the nbt elements to the data output stream.
applies the mask to the given value and returns the new value.
compute the duration and add it to totalduration.
handle reading nitf data from a binary file.
take a screenshot and return a bufferedimage of the screenshot.